Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5365 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 2018 No. 104 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 8, 2018, the Chair will now recognize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 9:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE IN TRENTON, NEW JERSEY The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, a few days ago, at the Tren-ton Art All Night Festival, a fight be-tween two individuals resulted in a mass shooting; 17 people shot, at least one critically injured. Fortunately, the only casualty—fatality, I should say— was one of the shooters. Even so, nearly 20 people shot at a community festival dedicated to breathing new life into the city and bringing the community together around something that is positive de-serves our attention. Unfortunately, we have a bad habit of assigning sympathy and coverage only to certain kinds of shootings. In fact, it is safe to say that there are some who believe that there are com-munities in which gun violence will al-ways be an unavoidable norm. That is false. That is a horrible and destructive stereotype that ignores the underpin-ning of our conversation about guns. From access to excessively destruc-tive accessories, guns are the problem. NRA advocates would argue that in Parkland the shooter got his gun le-gally. But should an 18-year-old be able to buy a gun, especially when that gun is never going to be used for sport? Those same advocates would argue that most shootings in urban areas occur with illegally obtained weapons and that no regulation would prevent them. But because we refuse to require registries, we don’t know where these guns come from. Perhaps if we did, per-haps if we knew who the first buyer was and which States those illegal weapons came from, they wouldn’t end up in the wrong hands. Mr. Speaker, our country’s gun prob-lem isn’t a single-sided one. It is multi-faceted and will require more than just one angle to solve. Fortunately, from members of the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force alone, there are more than 70 proposals that seek to address this singular and deadly crisis. I am responsible for two of them: The STOP Online Ammuni-tion Sales Act of 2017 to flag for law en-forcement large bullet and ammunition purchases that suggest the kind of stockpiling that precedes an attack; and the Handgun Licensing and Reg-istration bill, which would create the kind of registry that might help us keep more weapons out of the wrong hands. Earlier this week, I wrote a letter to you, Mr. Speaker, asking for consider-ation of any one of these 70 bills in honor of the victims of Sunday’s shoot-ing. I have yet to receive a response to my question, and with the paralyzing fear that seems to grip my Republican colleagues whenever we mention guns, I don’t have high hopes that I will get one. But I do know that the longer we continue to ignore this problem, the more people will be hurt and the more lives will be lost. At work, at school, at the grocery store, at the playground, in the homes with violent partners, by accident dur-ing play dates, at the hands of those suffering from mental illness, with or without law enforcement being present, whether or not someone in the audience or classroom is armed, guns have always been the problem. We need to accept that so that we can get to work on it and move on it. I continue to pray for the health and recovery of those who were injured in Trenton, as well in other places, just as I will continue to work on this issue. f 
HONORING PENNY CELESTE FORREST The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. H
ANDEL ). The Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FLORES. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor Penny Celeste Forrest of Waco, Texas, who passed away on June 15, 2018. Penny was born in 1948 in Dallas, Texas. She was educated at East Texas State University, now known as Texas A&M University-Commerce; Baylor University; the University of Texas at Arlington; McLennan Community Col-lege; Texas State Technology College; and Texas Woman’s University. Penny was very active in our Waco community. She served on various boards, associations, and commissions, including the following: president of the Central Texas Museum District, vice president of the Austin Avenue Neighborhood Association, chair of the Boy Scouts Award Committee, chair of the Waco-McLennan County Library Commission, the McLennan County Historical Commission, the Texas State Technical College board of re-gents, the city of Waco Parks and Recreation Advisory Commission, the city of Waco Convention and Visitors Bureau Advisory Board, and the city of Waco Buildings and Standards Com-mission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.000 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5366 June 21, 2018 
For the past 8 years, Penny has been an integral member of my team that serves the 17th Congressional District of Texas. She was one of the first three hires I made when I assumed office in 2011. Since then, she worked in our Waco office as our office manager and our caseworker. She loved her job, and she especially loved being able to serve others. Penny was also in charge of handling the Military Service Academy nomina-tions for our office. Each year, she would compile all of the applications and coordinate with our service acad-emy board to interview applicants. She took great pride in being able to help young men and women get accepted into our Nation’s service academies. In addition to her official duties, she also served as the matriarch of our Waco office team. She befriended and mentored everyone with whom she worked. She especially enjoyed work-ing with all of our interns, and she would advise them during their time in our office. There is no doubt that some of the wisdom that she shared with them has helped shape their lives and their ca-reers. Penny was an exceptional and de-voted person who will be greatly missed by all those lives she touched. The thing that I know that she loved more than serving others was loving her husband, Jerry, and her children. For as long as I can remember, Jerry and Penny would have lunch together every day in our office. They truly en-joyed each other’s company. Their love and dedication to each other was re-markable and something to be modeled by all of us. A little over a year ago, we buried my father-in-law. During the graveside service, the pastor said something that I will always remember. He said, When we leave this Earth, we should all as-pire to leave behind three things: a good name, a good family, and a for-warding address. Penny Forrest left behind all three of those things, and in particular, she left a forwarding address. Because of her Christian faith and her belief in Jesus Christ as her Lord and savior, she is celebrating with him in heaven. Her ac-tions serve as a great example for all of us here still on Earth. She and Jerry loved to go on cruises, and she is on the ultimate cruise right now. Madam Speaker, Penny’s life was de-fined by her selfless service to those around her. She worked tirelessly to better our community. She has cer-tainly left an enduring impression on her central Texas community and the 17th Congressional District. She will be forever remembered as a selfless servant, a wife, a mother, a grandmother, and a dear friend. My wife, Gina, and I, along with the entire Texas 17 Congressional Team, offer our deepest and heartfelt condo-lences to the Forrest family. We also lift up the family and friends of Penny in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Penny Forrest. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country, for our military men and women who serve us, and for our first responders who keep us safe at home. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. LANCE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor Alzheimer’s Awareness Month. Every June, this Nation is reminded of the great public health challenge of Alzheimer’s, and we redouble our ef-forts to combat this terrible disease. The numbers are sobering. The lives lost to this grave illness have increased 123 percent over the last decade. Many families have lost loved ones, and many more struggle with family or friends who fight this awful disease. The work of loved ones to provide high-quality healthcare and comfort is extraordinary. Advocates on the front lines deserve our deepest gratitude, and they include Jeanee Castilles of Lambertville, New Jersey, and Dali Serrano of Wharton, New Jersey, in the district I serve, who work every day in the cause of research, of treatment, and of support. There is new hope, thanks to the work of people like Jeanee and Dali and those of us who serve in Congress. Together, we are committed to more research funds and knocking down bar-riers to 21st century innovation. Together, during this awareness month, and, indeed, throughout the en-tire year, we must continue to raise our voices about Alzheimer’s and en-sure that the fight to find a cure is a national priority of the highest order. It will take a united effort across this great country, and I believe that we are up to the task. 
f 
ISSUES OF SEGREGATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I rise because I love my coun-try, and I have great concern for where it is headed. I am very much concerned, Madam Speaker, because I have seen, and the multitudes have seen, photographs of children who have been separated from their parents. I have here one such display; a child who is separated from a parent, a child that is distraught. And my concern emanates from the notion that if you can tolerate this, if you can look at this, and if you have the power to do something about it and you won’t, if your heart is so hardened that you can look at this picture of this baby and conclude that this is just a part of a process, then that says to me I should be concerned about the direction of my country. We have come a long way in my life-time. I had to drink from colored water fountains. I had to sit in the back of the bus. I had to go to segregated schools. I know what segregation looks like. I know what it smells like. I have had to go to these filthy colored rest-rooms. I know what it sounds like. I was called the ugly names. I know what it hurts like when you have peo-ple who would chase you just because of who you are. So we have come a long way, and that concerns me because I am not sure where this says we are going. But I do know this: I don’t want to see us go back to that dark past be-cause, Madam Speaker, for those who don’t know, here is what it looks like. b0915 This is a picture from Little Rock, Arkansas. This is a picture of a child merely attempting to go to school, committing no crime. This is a picture of what hate looks like. Children ought not be subjected to this level of hate and vitriol. This is a past that I don’t want to revisit. For this young lady and others to get into this high school—that was being paid for with their tax dollars, I might add—President Eisenhower had to send in the 101st Airborne Division of the Army. It took the Army to integrate Central High. It is an unpleasant thing to have to endure and to have to visit, but for some of us, it is about more than just a process. For some of us, it is about a way of life that we endured and that we suffered. For some of us who have felt the sting of discrimination, this is a painful thing to see. For those who would say: ‘‘Well, we will never go back there. You will never see that again,’’ well, I never thought I would see a day when a President of the United States would ban people from the country who hap-pen to be of a certain religion. I never thought I would see a day when a President of the United States would say: ‘‘There were some nice people’’ among the bigots, the xenophobes, the White nationalists, and the Klansmen in Charlottesville. I never thought I would see that come from the Presi-dency, from the President of the United States, not in my lifetime. So to those who say: ‘‘Worry not. We won’t go back,’’ I say: We should be warned, and we should not allow our-selves to be deceived. 
f 
PARK AND RECREATION MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, recently, I introduced 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.002 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5367 June 21, 2018 
a resolution with Congresswoman N IKI T
SONGAS to designate July as Park and Recreation Month. It is a fitting time to celebrate our Federal, State, and local public parks and recreation sys-tems because so many Americans will visit them this summer. H. Res. 941 recognizes the important role that public parks, recreation fa-cilities, and activities play in the lives of Americans, and the contributions of employees and volunteers who work daily to maintain our public parks and recreation facilities across the Nation. As a lifelong resident of rural Penn-sylvania and an avid outdoorsman, I strongly support our Nation’s park and recreation facilities. Our parks provide countless recreational and educational opportunities for individuals and fami-lies to engage in the outdoors. This resolution simply recognizes and supports Park and Recreation Month and the many benefits that our parks provide to all Americans. Our parks generate opportunities for people to come together and experience a sense of community. They pay divi-dends to communities by attracting businesses and jobs, and increasing housing values. In the United States, public park operations and capital spending generate nearly $140 million in economic activity annually. Ninety percent of people in the United States agree that public park recreation facilities and activities are important government services, a fig-ure that displays a base of support that spans across all people in the country regardless of race, income, gender, or political party affiliation. Nearly 75 percent of Americans agree that it is important to ensure that all members of their community have equitable ac-cess to public parks and recreation fa-cilities. The most economically sound com-munities are those with ample and healthy public park and recreation fa-cilities and activities. In fact, a key factor in business expansion and loca-tion decisions is the quality of life for employees, with a premium placed on adequate and accessible public parks and open space. Madam Speaker, public parks and recreation facilities foster a variety of activities that contribute to a healthier society. People who use pub-lic parks and open space are three times more likely to achieve rec-ommended levels of physical activity than nonusers. Americans living within a 10-minute walk of a park have a higher level of physical activity and lower rates of obesity. Recreation programs in public parks provide children with a safe place to play, access to healthy foods, opportunities to be physically active, and enrichment facilities that help pre-vent at-risk behavior, such as drug use and gang involvement. As schools recess for summer break, scores of Americans will visit public parks and recreation facilities to spend time outdoors with family, friends, and neighbors. We are blessed with beau-tiful outdoor facilities. It is my hope that all Americans get out and enjoy the parks in their areas. They are tremendous community treasures. 
f 
ZERO TOLERANCE EQUALS ZERO HUMANITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk about a trip I did on Sun-day to the United States southern bor-der in Texas to visit the processing centers and detention facilities that we are using to enforce the zero-tolerance policy that the President has put forth, the zero-tolerance policy that appar-ently means zero humanity. It is a policy that is cruel, inhumane, and un-American, and I want to share my firsthand observations with the American people about this. First of all, it is a cruel policy. We are separating mothers and fathers, parents from their children, brothers from their sisters, across the border as people come into the United States. I can tell you that when children are taken away from their parents, some-times they are told a lie of why. Some-times they are just taken away. There are no questions asked of the parents about the children: Do they have an al-lergy? Have they ever been abused? Do they have any diseases? The basic ques-tions that you would ask, if you didn’t have a cruel policy, aren’t asked. So you are essentially separating the par-ents from their children without any information whatsoever. I talked to mothers at the ICE deten-tion facility, and we asked about the situations, if they knew where their children were. One woman pulled out a little slip of paper that said where her children were, as if she knows New York, as if the other mothers knew Florida. It is not like the children are held in the next room, in the next building, in the next city, but they are being held several States away. One woman told us that she was told that her children would be put up for adoption. Another woman told us that she would be released and eventually her 9-year-old daughter held by herself in New York would be released. The policy is inhumane. People are being held in cages. And anyone who wants to contest that, come to my backyard and I will show you the dog run in my backyard that is made of the same material and the same construc-tion, only with shorter walls than the cages that we are holding people in, in the processing center. There are no pillows. You have a mat. There are no toys for children. Then I visited the Walmart Super-center where we have 1,500 10- to 17- year-old boys held in a Walmart Super-center where the sleeping space is 6 by 10. Even though it is a little larger room with six or eight beds, it is a 6 by 10 allocation. I have done work with supermax pris-ons when I was in the State legislature. A supermax prison cell is 8 by 12. That is 40 percent less than a supermax pris-on cell. You get outside 2 hours a day. In a supermax prison, you get out about an hour a day. This is wrong. Parents don’t often know the status of how their children are doing. When we were set up to interview one woman, she hadn’t even seen her 13- year-old daughter in 2 days. This is un- American. We are taking the points of entry that are legal points of entry, and we are making it impossible to get into the United States. So what happens is you either go back into Mexico where you can get kidnapped by a cartel and extorted for money from relatives in the U.S., or if you don’t want to get kidnapped, you cross illegally across the river, and then you get detained under the zero-tolerance policy. And that is why we have this situation. But the bottom line is, Donald Trump did not do anything, nor did this Congress, to actually fix the situa-tion. Donald Trump finally caved to enormous public pressure, saying he will no longer separate children and parents, but he won’t fix the 2,300 chil-dren who are currently separated at all. That is not in the executive order. We don’t have the facilities to deal with this. Again, because of this policy change, in 6 weeks, the population of the detention center at Walmart, which I refer to as the supermax pris-on, went from 500 to 1,500 in 6 weeks. You can’t make that process work. Everything I saw shows the President did this without any thought, and be-cause no thought was put into it, peo-ple are treated thoughtlessly through the process. Ultimately, the President did this for one reason: he wants to force Congress to put up an unneeded and unnecessary wall at the border, and he will do any-thing and use anyone to get what he wants. This Congress today has a couple of bills up that will not deal with this issue. We need to act. This is a cruel, inhumane, un-American policy. This is a Trump policy, and if we don’t act, we are also complicit in the horrors that are happening. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CONWELL-EGAN CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize a high school in our community that has dem-onstrated its commitment to safe-driv-ing practices. Conwell-Egan Catholic High School, my alma mater, recently won the 11th Annual Bucks County High School Seatbelt Safety Challenge. Of 19 par-ticipating schools, Conwell-Egan had the highest percentage of students who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.004 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5368 June 21, 2018 
wore seatbelts, at 97 percent. Conwell- Egan also had the largest jump from students not wearing seatbelts to those wearing them, rising 9 percent from the fall. This impressive accomplishment would not be possible without the hard work of several key students in pro-moting safe driving initiatives. They are Robert Phinn, Todd Hartman, and Emma Kirby, who worked under the guidance of a dedicated faculty mem-ber, in particular, faculty member Josh Beauchamp. I commend these individuals for their work in encouraging safety and ac-countability throughout Bucks Coun-ty, and for making alumni like myself very proud. 
OPIOID CRISIS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, as our Nation continues to grapple with the opioid crisis, I am proud to be working in a bipartisan fashion with my colleagues to advance necessary legislation to fight drug abuse and ad-diction in our communities. Just as impactful as treatment and sound policy in fighting this public health crisis is a personal touch to pro-vide comfort and motivation to those struggling. And that is what Marti Hottenstein and her Bucks County charity gives to homeless individuals in our area. How to Save a Life Foundation, based in Warminster, was started by Marti to honor the life of her son, Karl, who tragically passed away from a drug overdose in 2006 after he was de-nied treatment. Today, Marti and volunteers from How to Save a Life Foundation pass out food, toiletries, and treatment re-sources to those struggling from addic-tion in our community, who, in many instances, have nowhere else to turn. I applaud Marti and all of the volun-teers of How to Save a Life Foundation for their good deeds and dedication to ending addiction and the stigma that often comes with it. Together, we can and must put an end to the opioid cri-sis. 
CONGRATULATING MONTGOMERY COUNTY SENIOR  
SOFTBALL LEAGUE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Mont-gomery County Senior Softball League, which celebrated its 20th anniversary in Hatfield Township, Pennsylvania, on Saturday. The league, founded by Vic Zoldy of Souderton, serves to provide rec-reational opportunities to individuals over 60 years of age. To date, it has grown to an organization with 16 teams and close to 200 players. It has become so popular over time that there is now a waiting list to join the league. In addition to Vic, there are several other players who have played each year since its inaugural season includ-ing: Ray Forlano, 80 years old, of War-wick; and Angelo Malizia, 90 years old, from Harleysville. I am proud of the commitment that these people in this league have, the Montgomery County Senior Softball League. I am proud of the camaraderie that they add to our community, rec-ognizing the importance of staying ac-tive. To Vic, Ray, and Angelo, I look for-ward to taking the field with you in 2034. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 10 a.m. today. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 29 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1000 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 10 a.m. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Alexander Campbell, South Carolina State Guard, Anderson, South Carolina, offered the following prayer: God, we bless You this week as we celebrate the anniversary of the Great Seal of the United States, adopted by this august assembly on June 20, 1782. On the front of that seal, a shield of red symbolizing hardiness and valor; white standing for purity and innocence; and blue representing vigilance, persever-ance, and justice. The back of the Great Seal shows a pyramid, a symbol of strength and du-ration. Above that pyramid is a tri-angle containing the eye of providence. Your eye, God, watching over us, with the inscription, ‘‘God has favored our undertakings.’’ Therefore, God, we ask that You favor the undertakings of this great House by strengthening it to fulfill the noble symbols of the Great Seal in ac-complishing the continued building of our great Nation guided by the God in whom we trust. I pray this prayer in the name of my Lord, Jesus Christ. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome our guest chaplain, Reverend Dr. Alexander S. Campbell, ‘‘Alex’’ to those who love him. He is of Christ Reformed Church in Anderson, South Carolina. In 2007, Dr. Campbell and his family moved from Columbia, South Carolina, to Anderson to become the senior pas-tor of Christ Reformed Church and have faithfully served the community of Anderson, South Carolina. Dr. Campbell received his under-graduate degree from Clemson Univer-sity—Go Tigers—in 1985, his master’s of divinity from Columbia Inter-national University in 2001, and his doctorate of ministry from Reformed Theological Seminary in Charlotte, North Carolina, in 2015. In addition, Dr. Campbell is a chaplain in the South Carolina State Guard, where he faith-fully serves, and he is wearing his uni-form today. Dr. Campbell is married to his won-derful wife, Nancy, and has four adult children—Zan, Meg, McBryde, and Ian—some of whom are joining us in the gallery for this special moment. I am proud to join Dr. Campbell on the floor of the people’s House and thank him for his service to his God, his country, and his community. May God continue to bless him and his fam-ily, the State of South Carolina, and the United States of America. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.005 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5369 June 21, 2018 
NATIONAL DAIRY MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on this first day of summer to recognize June as National Dairy Month. From calcium to potassium, dairy products, like milk, contain nine es-sential nutrients that may help to bet-ter manage your weight and reduce your risk of high blood pressure, osteoporosis, and certain cancers. Whether it is protein to help build and repair the muscle tissue of active bodies or vitamin A to help maintain healthy skin, dairy products are a nat-ural nutrient powerhouse. Those are just a few of the reasons that we should celebrate dairy not just in June, but all year long. National Dairy Month started out as National Milk Month in 1937 as a way to promote drinking milk. It was ini-tially created to stabilize the dairy de-mand when production was at a sur-plus, but it has now developed into an annual tradition that celebrates the contributions the dairy industry has made to the world. As vice chairman of the House Agri-culture Committee, I am proud that the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is one of the largest milk-producing States in the Nation. Happy dairy month. 
f 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S ASSO-CIATION HEALTH PLAN PRO-POSAL (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, my prayers are with the im-migrant families who were being sepa-rated at the border. The administra-tion’s actions were inhumane, and I am glad the President reversed these ac-tions. As the children are sleeping on the floor behind a cage wishing they would hear from their mom and dad, the ad-ministration and Republican majority are working silently, chipping away at the Affordable Care Act. The Trump administration released a rule that would greatly expand associa-tion healthcare plans, which are ex-empt from the Affordable Care Act’s essential healthcare benefits, including maternity care, mental healthcare, and prescription drugs. This new loophole will bring back junk, or fake, plans that provide little or no health cov-erage. Repeal of the Affordable Care Act didn’t happen, but the Republicans’ sabotage of our Nation’s healthcare system continues, and our uninsured Americans continue to grow. These junk plans will siphon off young, healthy people, damaging the ACA marketplaces and leaving every-one else with higher premiums. The fake insurance may not cover emer-gency room treatment or other terrible illnesses. Americans need healthcare, not fake insurance. f 
NATIONAL ASK DAY (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, every single day, seven children and teens are killed by gun violence; 40 more are shot and survive. Most of the time, the inci-dent could have been prevented if the gun involved was unloaded and locked away safely. Mr. Speaker, 1.7 million American children live in a home with a loaded, unlocked gun, and three out of every four children ages 5 to 14 know where guns are kept in their home. That is why today I am introducing a resolution to recognize June 21 as Na-tional Ask Day, the first day of sum-mer, to encourage parents to ask a simple question to anyone who is re-sponsible for their children in another home after school: Is there a loaded, unsecured gun in your house? Asking this simple question will help save lives and reduce the level of gun vio-lence in our country. This is a commonsense idea that both Democrats and Republicans should be able to agree on, because no matter our politics, we all believe that our chil-dren should be free from the scourge of gun violence. Again, this is National Ask Day. We are asking everyone to just ask a sim-ple question. Wherever your children are going after school, whether to an-other residence or to a family member or friend, ask the simple question: Is there a loaded, unlocked gun in that house? And be sure that it is secured. Help save the lives of so many Amer-ican children. 
f 
FARM BILL (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my col-leagues to again vote against the par-tisan GOP farm bill. Mr. Speaker, I traveled across my State and heard countless stories from Delawareans of all backgrounds: farm-ers, emergency food providers, and working families. I want to share one story. During Kids Day at the Lewes Farm-ers Market, every child who attended with a SNAP participant was given $5 in tokens to spend on fresh fruits and vegetables. One boy, clutching his to-kens, asked: ‘‘Is this enough to buy a peach?’’ The organizers told the boy it was enough to buy a whole basket. He looked up and said: ‘‘Good, because I have never tasted a peach.’’ That is what the farm bill is about. It is about connecting people from farm to fork. This bill is too important for one party to go it alone. I hope my col-leagues will vote again against this bill so that we can get back to truly work-ing on a bipartisan farm bill that strengthens the rural economy, our farm safety net, and ensures that all children have the opportunity to taste a peach. f 
IMMIGRATION (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, like so many others, I have been dismayed about the administration’s actions, rip-ping thousands of children from their parents’ arms at our border. Let’s make one thing clear: Yester-day the President didn’t fix the immi-gration problem, and this House is not going to fix the problem here today. People are coming to our border, fleeing oppression and violence, turn-ing themselves in, and asking for our help. This administration’s response is to try to deter these immigrants by matching the cruelty they are fleeing. We have to acknowledge the truth of what is happening. Children are being caged. Families are suffering long-last-ing emotional and mental trauma, being used as pawns in the President’s political games. Every day for months, our neighbors living here under DACA have continued to face uncertainty. This is nothing short of inhumane, barbaric, and, frankly, immoral. Moving kids from DHS cages to DOD cages doesn’t solve the problem. Build-ing a wall doesn’t solve the problem. Let’s get our priorities in line. End the President’s disastrous policy and pass the Dream Act. 
f 
IMMIGRATION (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, my first real professional job was as a social worker at Whaley Children’s Center in my hometown of Flint, protecting kids who had been the subject of child abuse, victims of child abuse. We knew then, as we know now, that the best place, ultimately, for those kids was to get them back in their family. We worked to reunite kids with their fami-lies. So it is particularly offensive to see the President of the United States, the Government of the United States, adopt policy that intentionally sepa-rates children from their families. This is child abuse. This is child abuse. Nothing else. The notion that a government would engage in this practice ought to offend everyone, and the idea that the Presi-dent is congratulating himself for end-ing a policy that he, himself, ordered to separate children seeking asylum in this country from their families is ri-diculous. Those who have sat silent as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.008 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5370 June 21, 2018 
this has happened are complicit in this policy. Now, today, we will take up two pieces of legislation, neither of which deal substantially with the immigra-tion problem. My God in Heaven, let’s get this done. 
f 
ENDING ALZHEIMER’S (Ms. D
ELAURO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, on the summer solstice, Alzheimer’s disease advocates do what they love: From sunrise to sunset, they hike, they bike, they sing, and they run in order to raise funds and awareness about the in-discriminate and crippling disease. They do so on the longest day to sym-bolize the challenges the 5.7 million Americans living with this deadly dis-ease face from sunrise to sunset. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death. It kills more than breast can-cer and prostate cancer combined. We have an obligation to do every-thing we can to understand this disease so that we can cure it, which is why we and I work to increase funding at the National Institutes of Health. One breakthrough there can save millions of lives over generations and can find cures for this disease, which as many as 16 million Americans could live with by 2050. Every day, from sunrise to sunset, I am proud to stand with all those fight-ing this deadly disease and all those who are fighting with them. Mr. Speaker, together, we will end Alzheimer’s. 
f 
IMMIGRATION (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday President Trump signed an ex-ecutive order, an order that he said was to stop separation of families at the border. This is a policy that he caused, and he has now taken a victory lap. It is ridiculous. My response: To stop family separa-tion once and for all, President Trump must end his failed zero-tolerance pol-icy. Replacing family separation with indefinite family detention is not the solution. We cannot continue to over-whelm our immigration system and in-carcerate families who pose no threat to the United States to please immi-gration hardliners. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY NIELSEN (Mr. TED LIEU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, Homeland Security Secretary Nielsen brazenly told the American people that there was no policy of fam-ily separation. Then she reversed and said there was a policy, but she is not going to apologize for defending it. Then she reversed again and said it is actually not a policy, that only Con-gress can change the laws on it. Yesterday, the executive order by Donald Trump puts her statements very clearly in the spotlight as all lies. Her credibility has been shredded. She needs to resign. By the way, there are 2,300 babies and children still separated from their mothers and fathers. That is evil. That is sinful. We need to know where those children are and how we are going to reunite them. Mr. Speaker, 20 days ago, I led a let-ter to Secretary Nielsen, along with other Members of Congress, asking very basic questions: How do you make sure that some of those kids are not put with child mo-lesters? How do you make sure we reunite those kids with their parents? She still has been unable to answer those questions. She needs to go. She needs to resign. She is a national em-barrassment, and she is executing an evil policy. f 
b1015 MONDELEZ INTERNATIONAL (Mr. PASCRELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in solidarity with the workers who have paid in for years to have re-tirement security only to have the rug pulled out from under them. Mondelez International, the maker of iconic Na-bisco products, like Oreo cookies, has, in recent years, moved hundreds of good-paying middle class jobs to Mex-ico. Now they have doubled down on shafting their U.S. employees. On May 23, Mondelez-Nabisco an-nounced it would withdraw from their employees’ pension plan. How nice. They have participated in this plan for 60 years. This decision jeopardizes the hard-earned retirement security of 110,000 current and future retirees. This decision comes at the same time that this corporation, Mondelez, paid its new CEO, Dirk Van de Put, $42.4 million for 41 days of work in 2017. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention Mondelez reaped millions of dollars in tax breaks as a result of the passage of the recent Trump tax cuts. Since 2014, Mondelez has increasingly shifted production from the U.S. to Mexico and taken major jobs with it. On December 15, I wrote a letter to the United States Trade Representa-tive asking them, in the context of NAFTA, to prioritize strong, enforce-able labor provisions to discourage this kind of outsourcing to Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this is an epidemic. COMMUNICATION FROM COMMU-NITY LIAISON, THE HONORABLE ANDY HARRIS, MEMBER OF CON-GRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from John Wingrove, Commu-nity Liaison, the Honorable ANDYHAR-
RIS, Member of Congress: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 19, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony issued by the Circuit Court for Queen Anne’s County, Maryland. After consultation with the Office of Gen-eral Counsel, I have determined that compli-ance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, J
OHNWINGROVE , Community Liaison. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 21, 2018. H
ON. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : Pusuant to the permis-sion granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on June 21, 2018, at 9:31 a.m.: That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 770. Appointment: United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 18 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1030 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ) at 10 o’clock and 30 minutes a.m. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4760, SECURING AMER-ICA’S FUTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.010 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5371 June 21, 2018 
call up House Resolution 954 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 954 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immi-gration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendments printed in the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate, with 40 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 954 provides for the consid-eration of a bill aimed at curbing the flow of illegal immigration across our southern border by combining a strong border wall and security measures with targeted modifications to the current immigration visa process. The rule provides for one hour of de-bate on H.R. 4760, the Securing Amer-ica’s Future Act of 2018, with 40 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes controlled by the Committee on Homeland Security. The rule provides for the adoption of the Goodlatte amendment reflecting a number of provisions, which were nego-tiated with numerous parties since the bill was first introduced in January of this year. This amendment will be in-corporated into H.R. 4760 upon adop-tion of the rule today. It also includes the McCaul amend-ment, which makes technical correc-tions to the underlying bill. Further, the rule provides the minor-ity with one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The laws and legal agreement cur-rently governing our enforcement ef-forts along the southern border are be-tween 20 and 60 years old. America is a Nation built and continually supported by immigrants. However, the world has changed and how we accept new immi-grants may adapt as well. H.R. 4760 begins the process of re-forming our immigration system for the first time in decades, and I encour-age the passage of the rule to consider this important bill. The Securing America’s Future Act refocuses legal immigration for the skills that our country needs. It also secures our border, strengthens inte-rior enforcement, and makes changes to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. The diversity visa lottery program, which awards 50,000 green cards to a randomly selected pool of applicants, is eliminated, along with visas for relatives except for spouses and minor children. Overall, immigra-tion levels are decreased, while visas for skilled workers are increased and the agricultural guest worker program is reformed to better meet the needs of our farmers and food processors. Construction of a border wall system is authorized, including the use of addi-tional cameras, sensors, and aviation assets. Recently, President Trump ap-proved the use of the National Guard along the border, increasing capacity by over 1,100 personnel and 14 aircraft. This bill would also authorize the use of the National Guard aviation and in-telligence support. It requires full im-plementation of the biometric entry- exit system at all ports of entry and provides for 10,000 border patrol agents and officers. To strengthen interior enforcement, the bill mandates E-Verify so that all employers check the immigration sta-tus of their employees. It combats sanctuary city policies by withholding law enforcement grants and allows the Department of Homeland Security to detain dangerous, illegal immigrants who cannot be immediately removed from the country. Many illegal immigrants without legal status claim asylum when appre-hended by border agents. While there are legitimate claims of fear of perse-cution, there are also instances of im-migrants being coached to say the cor-rect phrase to obtain asylum. To com-bat this fraud, the bill increases the credible fear standard. It also makes being a gang member a removable of-fense and qualifies illegal presence as a Federal misdemeanor. In 2015, Kate Steinle was killed by an immigrant without status while walk-ing with her father in San Francisco. The man responsible for her death had been deported multiple times and should never have been in the country on that day. Constituents of the 26th District of Texas experienced a similar tragedy in 2013 when a young girl in a crosswalk was struck and killed by someone in the country without legal status. While the recent enforcement poli-cies along our southern border have led to a temporary separation of parents and children, a father and a grand-mother in the 26th District of Texas will never be reunited with their daughter and granddaughter. Kate’s Law enhances criminal pen-alties for multiple illegal reentry to help prevent future tragedies. Inclusion of this provision will reduce the possi-bility of the tragic killing of American citizens. Finally, the bill provides for a 3-year renewable legal status for Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrival recipients that allows them to work and travel overseas. This will apply to approxi-mately 700,000 individuals who are cur-rently in the United States. While it was not the fault of these then-children that they entered the country without legal documentation, the fact of the matter is that they are here now and we need a solution. While I do not support an expedited path to citizenship, I do support allow-ing them to get in line and apply just like any other law-abiding potential immigrant. The bill does not allow for a special path to citizenship. However, it does allow the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival recipient to obtain a green card and apply for citizenship like any other law-abiding applicant. Recently, we have heard a lot about the enforcement policies along the southern border. Mr. Speaker, this cri-sis is not new. In 2014, the number of unaccompanied alien children in-creased exponentially and reached cri-sis levels. It remained steadily above 400,000 apprehensions from 2013 until the present. During a visit by the Honduran First Lady in 2014, she was asked if Honduras wanted their children back, and with-out hesitation, she responded that they did. So a planeload of women and chil-dren was sent back to Honduras that resulted in an immediate reduction in the attempted crossings of unaccom-panied alien children. However, be-cause there was no follow-on enforce-ment actions, the numbers again began to increase, reaching above 563,000 in 2016. In the lead-up to the 2010 election, the numbers increased, because then- candidate Trump spoke about securing our border with a wall that would fi-nally end the possibility of illegal entry along our southern border. When candidate Trump became President- elect Trump, this number dramatically decreased because potential immi-grants believed that construction of the border wall was imminent. As a Member of Congress rep-resenting a border State, I have main-tained regular contact with Customs and Border Protection and the Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement offi-cials. What we heard during this pe-riod, 2016, was that immigrants cross-ing the border illegally wanted to get into the country before the possibility of a Trump election occurred and could direct construction of the border wall. They were under the impression that if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.015 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5372 June 21, 2018 
you crossed our border, at a point of entry or illegally, you would be grant-ed amnesty and welcomed into the country. While we do welcome legal immigrants, this perception led to only more vulnerable children being en-trusted by parents to human traf-fickers, typically for large sums of money, to bring their children to the United States. On this journey, children could expe-rience harsh conditions. Some were abused physically, sexually, and emo-tionally. And this abuse is not a threat just from the adults that are supposed to care for them, but also it can occur from their fellow travelers. A lot of these kids are just trying to survive, trying to make it to a life where they may one day thrive, but this existence is often all they have known, and they react in a way that reflects this re-ality. While there is a concern about chil-dren arriving with parents who are then prosecuted for illegal entry and subsequently placed in the custody of the Health and Human Services Office of Refugee Resettlement, numerous children never get to make this jour-ney with their parents or even rel-atives. Many adults are now bringing nonrelated children with them in an attempt to be released into the United States because of their association with a child that cannot, because of the Flores Agreement from 1997, be held in custody. When the influx of unaccompanied alien children began exceeding the ca-pacity of the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement, I traveled to the border area specifically to visit these facilities. I engaged with the Office of Refugee Re-settlement to fully understand the care that these children were receiving in 2014, 2015, and 2016. The Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement responded to my concerns about threats of commu-nicable diseases from foreign countries being brought to our homeland. Mr. Speaker, there was not even a physi-cian employed in the Office of Refugee Resettlement in 2014 before I raised this issue. The issue became a concern because there were members of Customs and Border Control that actually felt that they were perhaps developing a condi-tion as a result of contact with people because of a skin parasite that was eas-ily communicated. And the question arose, could other diseases be commu-nicated as well? And people were right-fully concerned about that. It is not just an illness like scabies; it is an issue like multiple-drug-resistant tu-berculosis that people were most con-cerned about. While treatment in facilities has vastly improved in the last couple of years, the path by which immigrants come here is still dangerous. On one of my visits near the border at McAllen, Texas, I traveled with border patrol agents along a cactus-strewn, dusty road, mesquite bushes growing in from the sides. They brought a bus down there, a big bus. They stopped, they flashed their lights, they honked their horn, and the bus filled up with people. The bus went off to town, bouncing across this dusty road, and I remained back with the Customs and Border Pa-trol. Then a State agent came up, some-one from Fish and Wildlife, and said: I need help. I have got people over here that I think belong in your jurisdiction because you are the Federal Govern-ment. And Customs and Border Patrol went over to the area that he had pointed out, and here were a number of women, small children, and teenage boys. They had come across the river, delivered by traffickers, just literally on the other side of the river, and dropped there. They had no idea what was the direc-tion to town. They were not equipped to travel in the harsh conditions. It was probably 110 degrees outside that day. Small children, children, babes in arms, probably 1 year of age or less: this is what the traffickers left on the side of the river. Had the Fish and Wildlife Service not come by and the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Patrol not come by, I don’t know how these people would have made it to town. And it is quite possible they would not have made it safely. So the situation along the southern border is not just a border crisis, it is also an immigration crisis. Attorney General Sessions announced a zero-tol-erance policy to finally and fully en-force our laws. I believe he did this so that Americans and immigrants alike would recognize and remember that we are a Nation of laws, and also to dem-onstrate that the dangerous journey to our southern border is sometimes not worth the risk and the struggle re-quired to make it within just a few miles of a fence. The ebb and flow of border crossings has consistently reflected the rhetoric of American leadership and perception of enforcement of our laws. The rate of border crossings rapidly increased in the last year because there has been no significant visible action by the Con-gress to President Trump’s request for a border wall. However, this is not the only factor. It is no secret that countries in what are called the northern triangle, Hon-duras, Guatemala, and El Salvador, are some of the most dangerous countries in the world. Yet, these countries re-ceive millions of dollars of aid each year for economic development, for military financing, and security initiatives. b1045 This funding rapidly increased to more than $600 million each year begin-ning in fiscal year 2014, mostly in re-sponse to the growing crisis with unac-companied alien children. So I think it is appropriate to ask ourselves, is the funding being allocated in a way that will help improve domestic conditions on the ground and reduce the desire to leave? To address this concern, I introduced the Unaccompanied Alien Children As-sistance Control Act, and I offered this bill as an amendment to H.R. 4760. Simply put, this bill would reduce for-eign aid allocations to Mexico, Hon-duras, El Salvador, and Guatemala by $15,000 per child to each country if their child crosses the border illegally or if they are referred to the Office of Refugee Resettlement for custody and care. While this may not seem like a lot, the reality is that each child cared for by the Office of Refugee Resettlement costs the American taxpayer about $35,000. Even Attorney General Ses-sions has stated that the care these children receive is better than the av-erage American child. While we cannot leave children with-out care, we must recognize that prioritizing alien children over our own sends the wrong message. Removing that $15,000 of foreign aid per child will send a message to Mexican and North-ern Triangle leaders that our accepting their children will not be without cost to them. As we all know, Mr. Speaker, if you want to make it important, it has to be about the money. Unfortunately, the accountability in these countries is poor, and the use of funds largely goes unchecked. They rely on American aid, and we must en-sure that it is being used appropriately and wisely to combat the forces that are driving their future generations—it is their future—away from their own countries. By withholding funding in the face of rampant corruption, we not only pro-vide a potential funding stream for President Trump’s proposed border sys-tem, but we send a signal that we will not willingly deprive the children and desperate immigrants of the life they desire and need in their countries of or-igin. The best place for a child and a fam-ily is their home. Because of the condi-tion in the Northern Triangle coun-tries, home for many children is now a stark facility along a foreign border. It is time to take steps that would not only strengthen our immigration laws for the security of American citi-zens, but is in the interest of restoring and maintaining the home from which many would-be immigrants try to es-cape. Congress has not successfully re-formed our immigration laws in dec-ades. It is time to begin that debate to align our immigration system with current realities. For this reason, I en-courage the adoption of the rule to begin consideration of H.R. 4760, Secur-ing America’s Future Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.017 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5373 June 21, 2018 
This rule makes in order H.R. 4760, the so-called Securing America’s Fu-ture Act, and two amendments in the legislation. Before I speak on the legislation, let us consider why we are here today. President Trump has created immigra-tion crisis after immigration crisis. President Trump is the reason Dream-ers are at risk of deportation. Presi-dent Trump is the reason families are being separated at our Nation’s bor-ders. This is a Trump-manufactured crisis, plain and simple. President Trump’s executive order, signed yesterday, does nothing to fix this. His order does nothing to reunite the thousands of children separated from their parents. In fact, his order directs his deportation force to now jail families at the border, which is in direct violation of current court or-ders. It will lead to more family sepa-ration, and the only difference now is that families will wait 20 days before being separated. I want every Member of this body and everyone watching at home to imagine what it must be like. Imagine traveling thousands of miles to flee some of the most dangerous countries in the world, countries with the high-est murder rates, and then, when you finally think you are safe, having your child ripped away from you. In 1946 to 1948, during the Truman ad-ministration, human experiments were conducted in Guatemala. American doctors infected mostly uneducated and indigenous people with syphilis. Today, in the Trump administration, we are forcing drugs in pill form and injection on the indigenous children seeking asylum. So this brings us to why we are here today. Mr. Speaker, everyone watching this debate should be crystal clear on what this bill does. This bill fails to solve the separation of families on our Nation’s border. It reduces legal immi-gration. It fails to offer DACA recipi-ents a path to citizenship. It adds $25 billion to our growing wall of debt on top of the $2 trillion that we already added when Republicans voted for their tax scam. This bill makes it harder for those seeking asylum to receive protection, and it fails to protect the 2,000 children who have already been separated from their parents. Many will call this legislation the more conservative option that the House will consider today. But let us be clear, this bill is not conservative at all. After adding trillions to our Nation’s debt through the tax scam, Repub-licans now are putting us in another $25 billion debt. Where are we going to borrow this money from? Remember, colleagues, President Trump has declared a trade war with China. What will happen if China de-cides to cash in on that debt? In addition, President Trump’s fam-ily jails will cost the American tax-payer 10 times more than the alter-native policy he ended for family mi-gration. Conservative? Absolutely not. Cruel? Inhumane? Absolutely, yes. Mr. Speaker, last night, during con-sideration of this bill in the Rules Committee, my colleagues and I of-fered many fixes, which were all blocked by this rule. My amendment to replace the bill with the Keep Families Together Act, which would have re-united families, was blocked. Representative R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Representative P
OLIS joined me in of-fering the Dream Act as an alternative, but that was blocked also. Another Rules Committee Member, Representative H
ASTINGS , and his amendment to fix TPS, blocked. But not all amendments were blocked. Just like President Trump’s executive order contained misspellings, this bill contained a giant typo to give President Trump an additional $100 bil-lion for his wall. So which is it? $25 billion? $100 bil-lion? Are Mexicans going to pay for it? What is it? The committee has said that they are making this correction, and they did so in the middle of the night. But I doubt President Trump would be happy to hear that, so we will wait and see. If this truly is a mistake, these kinds of corrections could have been caught if Democrats had been allowed to par-ticipate in this process, if we would have had a committee hearing. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and this cruel legisla-tion now, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, this is not a crisis of President Trump’s making. Those of us who served here during the Bush ad-ministration were aware that this was a problem. Certainly, those of us who served during the Obama administra-tion were aware that this was a prob-lem. When President Obama declared the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals in 2012, it was immediately followed, 2 years later, by the wave of unaccom-panied alien children who came to our southern border. This crisis has been a long time in the making. Congress does need to solve this problem. The Presi-dent is quite correct in that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, Leviti-cus Chapter 19: 33–34, in the Old Testa-ment—Democrats can quote the Bible also. As a practicing Catholic, let me do that. ‘‘When a foreigner resides among you in your land, do not mistreat them. The foreigner residing among you must be treated as your native-born. Love them as yourself, for you were for-eigners in Egypt. I am the Lord your God.’’ When did, Mr. Speaker, this barbaric, xenophobic, anti-immigrant modern agenda begin? Let’s go through it quickly. One, the birther issue: An embarrass-ment to this country by the adminis-tration, the head of the administra-tion. The Muslim ban: Imagine banning people that profess a particular reli-gion. Third, Charlottesville: That debacle, equal opportunity. Fourth, the incendiary talk that painted the entire Mexican popu-lation—our ally, probably our third or fourth leading trade partner, our ally— with a wide brush of pure prejudice, pure. He painted the entire population. To say that Democrats are for open borders, that is a lie. You know it; I know it. I am standing up to reject it. You sit quietly. You sit quietly and say nothing. I was on the original starting gate at the Homeland Security after 9/11. Democrats, just as well as Republicans, worked together to put that together. How dare anybody insinuate that we don’t accept the security of this Na-tion. By the way, by the way, we have four borders, not one. The people who at-tacked us on 9/11 came from Canada. They didn’t come from Mexico. You have never met a Mexican terrorist, and I certainly haven’t met one either. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I would just point out that, under current conditions, current laws, the United States of America takes in 1.1 million new citizens every year. We are the most generous coun-try on the face of the Earth. American citizens should be rightly proud of that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the distin-guished ranking member of the Com-mittee on Rules. b1100 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, what we are doing here today is simply in-sane. For 8 years, Republican leaders have blocked every attempt to debate bipar-tisan immigration bills. They blocked Senate-passed comprehensive immigra-tion reform. They blocked the bipar-tisan Dream Act, which has 203 cospon-sors. Speaker R
YANhas refused to consider the Dream Act, all while shedding croc-odile tears over the 700,000 Dreamers for whom America is the only home they know. Instead, he has held the Dreamers hostage, used them as bar-gaining chips, used them as leverage to waste tens of billions of taxpayer dol-lars on a senseless wall and to milita-rize our southern border. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.018 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5374 June 21, 2018 
Now, as our Nation is haunted by imagines of children being ripped from their parents’ arms and by the sounds of their cries, Speaker R
YAN decides this is the time to bring two of the most hateful, bigoted, anti-immigrant pieces of legislation I have ever seen to the House floor for debate under a closed process—no amendments, no committee hearings. This is a scandal, Mr. Speaker. Re-publicans should hide their faces in shame. It didn’t have to be this way. If the bipartisan queen-of-the-hill discharge petition was allowed to move forward, we could be having a real debate on im-migration. We could take up these two hyperpartisan anti-immigrant bills, and we could also consider two bipar-tisan bills to protect the Dreamers, namely, the Dream Act and the USA Act. The petition was nearing 218 signa-tures, but Republicans couldn’t stand considering anything they disagree with. They couldn’t even stand debat-ing them. This rule will kill the dis-charge petition because Republicans fear a fair fight. This is an insult to this institution and to the many Members on both sides of the aisle who have waited so long to vote on these bills. The Rules Committee even came back at 10 p.m. for an emergency meet-ing to fix a so-called drafting error in this bill. Do you know what the drafting error was? $100 billion. That is right. Repub-licans almost accidentally gave Presi-dent Trump $125 billion for his border wall instead of the $25 billion. That is quite an error, although I am sure President Trump would have loved it. Oh, my God. This is what happens when you jam bills through with no hearings, no markups, no CBO score, which would have caught this enor-mous mistake. Mr. Speaker, the President’s execu-tive order will only lead to keeping these children behind bars, some with and some without their parents, in un-limited, indefinite detention. And these Republican bills turn this cruel policy into the law of the land. This is not a solution, Mr. Speaker; this is cruel and inhuman punishment. The President of the United States must stop his vicious approach on im-migration. It is immoral. And he must stop his hate peddling and he must stop his lies. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this rule that kills the discharge petition; reject this rule that kills any hope for action on bipartisan immigra-tion bills. I say to my colleagues: Have zero tolerance for this rule and have zero tolerance for these bills. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I just remind people in this body that 10 years ago the Demo-crats were in the majority. Indeed, then in the 2008 election that occurred 10 years ago, they strengthened that majority. House Republican Members were so far in the minority as to be ir-relevant in all exchanges. There was a 60-vote majority over in the Senate. You may recall that is where the Affordable Care Act and Dodd-Frank and other pieces of legisla-tion that I would have thought would never pass actually did pass in that en-vironment. A question that I hear a lot is: Why didn’t Democrats do something about the Dreamer problem when they con-trolled all the levers of power? And it is a valid question. Senator D
URBIN had a bill, as you will recall, in that next session of Con-gress that began in January of 2009. Senator D
URBIN had a bill to deal with the Dreamer situation, and he worked on it all year. It never came up until December of 2010. Now, you remember in November of 2010, actually, the majority changed in the House of Representatives and there were enough Republicans elected that the Democrats would not be in the ma-jority the next year. So here we are in a so-called lame duck session of a party that is exiting power, and I think it was December 8 of that year that, in the House, the Demo-crats brought Senator D
URBIN ’s bill up and passed it on the House floor, as would be expected. They did have a sig-nificant majority. They lost one vote over in the Sen-ate, as I recall, and had 59 Democrats. Speaker P
ELOSI told me at a Rules Committee hearing several months ago that it was then that the Republicans blocked that vote from happening in the Senate. But that is not exactly true. Three Republicans voted with the Democrats on the Durbin bill. Five Democrats voted in the negative, and that is what killed the Durbin bill when the Democrats controlled all le-vers of power in 2010, the last time they did. Mr. Speaker, don’t blame this prob-lem on President Trump. It has been in existence for some time, but it is up to us to solve it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), a distinguished mem-ber of the Rules Committee. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I would remind Mr. B
URGESS that he has the levers of power now, and I predict that today, the two measures that we are going to be dealing with are not likely to reach the President’s desk. But none of this was happening 4 months ago. None of this was hap-pening 2 months ago. But a policy that was announced by Jeff Sessions is what brought us to this, and that had to come through the President. Last night, at our Rules Committee, I offered an amendment that would have provided a pathway to citizenship for certain long-term temporary pro-tected status holders. Not surprisingly, in this historically closed Congress, my amendment was not made in order. Let me repeat that. This historically closed Congress—89 closed rules. Never in the history of this body have we had as many closed rules. As we discussed the need for Dream-ers to have a path to citizenship, which they must, I wanted to make sure that those who are in our country under temporary protected status are not passed over and forgotten. They are from El Salvador. They are from Hon-duras, Nicaragua, Nepal, Syria, Sudan, South Sudan, Somalia, and Haiti. These individuals are hardworking taxpayers, many of whom have U.S.- born children or U.S. citizen spouses, and they contribute to our economy and our communities. They pay taxes, and in myriad and dynamic ways they work at our airports and our service in-dustries, in our healthcare sector, and on our construction sites. They are fathers, mothers, sisters, and brothers. They are members of our faith-based communities. And every single one of them, to a person, hails from a country still recovering from natural disasters, internal violence, or both. I will give you just one example. On January 12, 2010, Haiti was dev-astated by a 7.0 magnitude earthquake. 1.5 million people were displaced, 300,000 buildings were destroyed, and 8 years on, tens of thousands of people remain in camps. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Florida. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, then they had a hurricane. The hurricane was the first category 4 hurricane to hit Haiti in over half a century, claim-ing 1,000 lives and displacing more than 2 million people. Haiti, quite simply, continues to climb out from the rubble of the earth-quake, cholera outbreak, and Hurri-cane Matthew, and we in the United States have tried to help them to do so, as we should. In its wisdom, the Trump administra-tion has decided to end TPS for Haiti and many other countries. Not only does this conclusion fly in the face of the facts as we know them, but it need-lessly inflicts countless wounds on our communities and our families. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the author of H.R. 4760. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me this time and for his hard work on this issue as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.020 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5375 June 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, this is a very good bill. It is not something that was cooked up overnight. This bill was introduced 6 months ago. It is based upon legisla-tion that has passed out of the Judici-ary Committee in previous Congresses, and some of it in this Congress. It is a good effort to make sure that we are addressing all three aspects of immi-gration law that need to be addressed. It has a very good proposal with re-gard to the DACA recipients. They get a legal status permanently for the rest of their lives, renewable every 3 years, as long as they don’t commit a crime. And that is a statutory protection. That is not something that is subject to court challenges. That is not some-thing that is subject to the whims of any President, past, present, or future. It is something that allows them, then, to avail themselves of existing path-ways to citizenship, and it is some-thing that will allow them to work in the United States, live in the United States, own a business in the United States, and travel in and out of the United States. I think it is a good first step in ad-dressing this situation. Secondly, the President has made it very clear, and people watching the news coverage know, the difficulties that the administration—any adminis-tration, this administration, the Obama administration, the Bush ad-ministration before it—has with laws that need to be corrected to make sure that loopholes are not followed at our border. We have, now, a waiting list of 600,000 people applying for asylum. Histori-cally, asylum, which is a very good part of our immigration law, has been granted to 5,000—some years, maybe as many as 10,000—people. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, the great Soviet dissident, who wrote ‘‘The Gulag Archipelago,’’ got political asy-lum in the United States. But when ev-eryone who is apprehended coming across the border illegally trying to avoid detection, when they are appre-hended then says, ‘‘Oh, I am here for political asylum,’’ and you create a backlog 600,000 people long and then they are released into the interior of the country and don’t return for their hearings in many, many, many in-stances, that is a very flawed aspect of our immigration system. This bill ad-dresses that, as it does the problem with unaccompanied minors. Children 13, 14, 15, 16, 17 years of age, mostly young boys, coming across all of Mexico and then through the desert or across the Rio Grande River and then thinking that this is an accept-able thing for them to do to enter our country, they need to be returned safe-ly home, and the laws need to be re-formed to accomplish that. We need to reform many other as-pects of our border security laws, close these loopholes. We need to have greater technology. We need to have, along some segments of our border, improved wall tech-nology. We have fences and some walls already. The fences have big holes in them. People come with chain cutters and cut holes through them in a mat-ter of seconds and go through them when it is foggy there in San Diego or other times when they have that op-portunity. We need to have a more secure border both with technology and with a wall in some places and with the necessary personnel to handle this, including not just Border Patrol, but the judges and other officers who are necessary to process people when they are appre-hended. This is a very serious problem, and it is addressed in this legislation. We also need to move toward a merit- based immigration system. We have, as the gentleman from Texas has repeatedly noted, the most generous immigration policy in the world. We have tens of millions of peo-ple who come to visit this country every year: some to work, some to go to school, some to conduct business. For more than 75 different categories of reasons they come here. We also have more than a dozen im-migrant visa categories that allow peo-ple to come to the United States, and we give out, on average, about 1.1 mil-lion green cards a year to people who go through the process lawfully. That is the most generous system in the world. We need to recognize that as we do that, we have to move toward a sys-tem where we are meeting the needs of American citizens, as well, as we do it. Areas where we have shortages so that we can keep businesses in the United States rather than having them move elsewhere in the world where they can find the workers they need is an important part of this. So elimi-nating things like the visa lottery, where we give 55,000 green cards out for no good reason at all other than the pure luck that people attain from that and instead use those to have a new system where we have the opportunity to move towards a merit-based system, which is not in this bill but should be the successor to this bill, is an impor-tant thing to do. I think that all of those measures are contained in this legislation. I think it is very, very good legislation. But this bill contains two important provisions that are not in the second bill, and I want to particularly address those. b1115 First, we have in this bill the E- Verify program. This is a program, a very fine program, that exists today. More than 800,000 businesses use it. Many large businesses use it. I would bet that probably a majority of the people who process job applications today utilize it. But it is certainly not utilized by everybody. As a consequence, it is not being to-tally effective, because the people who aren’t using it either don’t want to know whether somebody is lawfully present in the United States, or they think they are unlawfully present and don’t want to have a system that un-covers that. But this bill, applying prospectively only—you don’t have to apply it to your current employees—works 99.7 percent of the time. It is very, very ac-curate. And most importantly, it has a safe harbor for both the worker and the employer. So that if you get a false positive, and if you are getting that three-tenths of a percent of the time— that is still a significant number of people when you use the E-Verify sys-tem—the new law actually gives them a way to work out the catch-22 situa-tion that workers and employers find themselves in. Because under the current law, we use the I–9 forms. Oftentimes, someone will look at it and say: I am not sure these are genuine documents. But if they refuse to hire the individual and it turns out that they are genuine doc-uments, they can be sued for discrimi-nation. And on the other hand, if they hire the worker and it turns out they are unlawfully present, they can be pros-ecuted for hiring someone unlawfully present in the United States. And so the safe harbor says, you can go ahead and hire that person until we work out whether it is a false positive or a false negative without that con-sequence, and only until we know that, will you then have to not employ that person. You will face no consequences in doing that. That is good for the worker and it is good for the employer as well. When you do that—there is no doubt that there are sectors of our economy where we have a lot of people who are not lawfully present in the United States working. And by far, the num-ber-one sector that is affected by that is our agricultural workforce. There are some estimates that as many as 80 or 90 percent of people working in agri-culture, beyond the actual family members who own a farm, are not law-fully present in this country. Some estimate that more than 1 mil-lion people who are working, are not lawfully present in this country. Wouldn’t it be great if we could turn that workforce into legal workers where they have the opportunity to go back and forth across the border, to go home to where their family is without the fear of being apprehended and pros-ecuted? That is what this bill does. It gives farmers a much more reliable work-force. It gives them a much better pro-gram where they can self-certify, where the worker can come in for up to 2 years at a time. And in the dairy in-dustry where they have no program at all today, or in processing plants, raw- food processing plants, they have no program at all today, we have the abil-ity to help those farmers. This is an area of our economy that is very much affected by international competition. It is exceedingly impor-tant that we pass this legislation to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.021 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5376 June 21, 2018 
move immigration in the direction it needs to move, and this is an enlight-ened way to do it. It is not a bad bill. It is a good bill for the American peo-ple. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, Chair-man G
OODLATTE just clarified that his bill has been in print for 6 months. I thank the gentleman for clarifying. The American people should know that your real intention was to allocate $100 million for the Trump wall, and it wasn’t until we shined the light on that, that in the middle of the night the Republican caucus scrambled to re-duce that amount to $25 million. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership on America. I had the privilege of traveling with her, under the leadership of our col-leagues J
UANVARGAS and S USAN DAVIS, to their districts earlier this week to see firsthand what was happening at the border. So I come to the floor now with that fresh information. And I come to the floor as a mother of five children, grandmother of nine, who knows, as many of you here who are parents know and all of you here who are chil-dren know, the importance of the bond between parent and child and how breaking that bond is outside the circle of civilized human behavior. Mr. Speaker, I want to quote a favor-ite President, I am sure of yours and many in this body, President Ronald Reagan. In his final days of the Presidency, President Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘And since this is the last speech that I will give as President’’—my colleagues, I want you to hear this because this is about Ronald Reagan. Maybe you don’t want to hear it. Okay. They don’t want to hear it. President Ronald Reagan said: ‘‘And since this is the last speech that I will give as President, I think it’s fitting to leave one final thought, an observation about a country which I love.’’ President Reagan went on to say: ‘‘Yes, the torch of Lady Liberty sym-bolizes our freedom and represents our heritage, the compact with our par-ents, our grandparents, and our ances-tors. It is that lady who gives us our great and special place in the world.’’ President Reagan went on to say: ‘‘For it’s the great life force of each generation of new Americans that guarantees that America’s triumph shall continue unsurpassed into the next century and beyond.’’ These are the words of President Ronald Reagan in the final days of his Presidency as he said in the ‘‘last speech that I will give as President.’’ Beautiful values. Today, we are considering two Re-publican bills that insult our Nation’s values and tarnish our heritage, as the President said, ‘‘as a beacon of freedom and opportunity.’’ Both do absolutely nothing to solve the heartbreaking and horrific situa-tion for children on the border. Accord-ing to the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, both bills ‘‘perpet-uate child detention and undermine ex-isting protections relating to such de-tention.’’ That is from the United States Con-ference of Catholic Bishops. Both of these bills fail to provide a permanent legislative fix for our Dreamers, selling out their American Dream to build the President’s obscene border wall. Both are loaded full of every anti-im-migrant provision imaginable, disman-tling legal family immigration, slam-ming our doors to millions who have followed the rules and have been wait-ing for years for a visa, and cutting off the lifeline of asylum to countless vul-nerable refugees. In terms of those refugees, in testi-mony that was given at the House Democratic Steering and Policy Com-mittee meeting that the Democrats had—the Republicans didn’t come—the National Association of Evangelicals testified that the United States Ref-ugee Resettlement Program is the crown jewel of American humani-tarianism. And, yet, it is horrible what they do in these bills to cut off the lifeline of asylum to countless vulnerable refu-gees. The Speaker’s bill carries out the President’s family deportation agenda. It paves the way for long-term incar-ceration of families in prison-like con-ditions and the denial of basic health and safety protections for children. The Republican plan is a family in-carceration plan. It replaces one form of child abuse with another, and it bra-zenly violates children’s human rights. Why do Republicans think trauma-tized, terrified little children at the border do not deserve the same basic respect that their own children do? According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, family detention poses serious dangers to children’s health and can result in ‘‘lifelong con-sequences for educational achievement, economic productivity, health status, and longevity.’’ Congress should be working day and night to protect vulnerable children. We should be working on legislation that protects Dreamers, keeps families together, and respects America’s herit-age as a land of newcomers, as spelled out by President Reagan in his last speech as President of the United States. These bills will not go anywhere in the Senate. Yet, a vote for these bills is a vote to destroy the queen-of-the-hill discharge petition, destroying the best chance this Congress has to provide a bipartisan, permanent legislative fix for Dreamers. Republicans need to walk away from these bills. They need to call on the President to rescind his family incar-ceration policy, which is as much a stain on our Nation’s history as is his family separation policy, tearing chil-dren away from their parents. Democrats reject this outrageous leg-islation and reject the Republicans’ at-tack on Dreamers, vulnerable children, and families, and we reject your zero policy. It has no place. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on both of these bills in this rule and any subsequent rules that come up. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 2 minutes re-maining. The gentlewoman from Cali-fornia has 131⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time to close. Ms. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N). Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the Goodlatte bill and in opposition to the rule. Do you know how many Democrats were involved in crafting the Goodlatte bill? Zero. If they had included Demo-crats, we could have told them that this bill does nothing to resolve the hu-manitarian crisis happening at the bor-der. Do you know how many hearings we had on the Goodlatte bill? Zero. If they had included Democrats, we would have told them that this bill does noth-ing to provide meaningful relief for Dreamers, and is dead on arrival in the Senate. How many Dreamers does this help earn citizenship? Zero. How many children does this bill put back in the arms of their parents? Zero. How much compromise does this bill show people in need? Zero. This administration likes to talk about zero tolerance. Well, we have zero tolerance for this President’s anti- immigration agenda and the Repub-licans who enable it. Bottom line, Mr. Speaker, this bill is a sham. It is the Republican’s attempt to make it look like they want to help Dreamers, but, in reality, it is a non-starter, and it is another heartless ac-tion taken by this Congress. Oppose this bill. Oppose this rule. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, these rules would mark the capitulation by a large number of Republicans who, for a time, reflected the views of 86 percent of the American people and the hopes of the Dreamers those Americans support. If they vote for this pretense of reform and secu-rity, they will have abandoned the principles they mouthed and the people who relied on their courage. Contrary to the Speaker and major-ity leader, the test for bringing bills to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.023 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5377 June 21, 2018 
the floor must not be whether the President, untethered to principle, would sign them, but whether they re-flect the will of the people and this House. The Speaker refuses to put options on the floor supported by, at one time, 247 Members of this House. Now, 240 Members have supported a rule to give us four competing options to address the Trump-caused crisis. That number may not comply with the Hastert rule, but it does comply with democracy. And it would give the Speaker his op-tion as well. The Speaker clearly fears that his alternative will fail. As a re-sult, he has opposed an open process. So much for the leadership that claimed—falsely—to pursue trans-parency, openness, and a willingness to take the tough issues head on and indi-vidually. The bill it would bring to the floor, contrary to what Speaker R
YAN and Leader M
CCARTHY claim, is no com-promise. A compromise, by definition, requires both sides to come together and meet in the middle. We did. And we built a majority of support for a bill. The Ryan bill is a capitulation by those who have professed support of the Dreamers. Indeed, the only com-promise in this bill is how it com-promises our values, our principles as Americans, and how it compromises our economy and national security. The conservative Cato Institute has said that only 12 percent of Dreamers would ever actually attain citizenship under this hoax of a bill. b1130 For those seeking refuge from fear for their lives and from assault, and from having their children torn from their arms and separated—as Laura Bush pleaded, ‘‘immoral’’—this bill does not provide a solution. Instead, it provides for locking up those children in prison with their parents. Isn’t that a wonderful option? The American people are overwhelm-ingly outraged by what is happening at the border and want to see Congress take real action. As J
OHNMCCAINstat-ed, such a policy that is being pro-moted by the President and the Repub-licans in Congress ‘‘is an affront to the decency of the American people.’’ In addition, the Ryan bill imposes new restrictions on legal immigration. Democrats will strongly oppose this noxious bill. Mr. Speaker, please summon the courage to let the people’s House work its will and demand that the President return to a policy of treating these children as we would want our own children to be treated. That is not what these bills do. Reject these bills. We are America. We are better than these bills. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, there are lots wrong with these bills. I will discuss that during the debate on the bills. This is about the rule. For my friends on the other side of the aisle, they need to understand that this is a self-executing rule. When they vote ‘‘yes’’ on this rule, they are voting to strip $100 billion from funding Presi-dent Trump’s wall. Let me say that again. A vote for this rule is a vote to take $100 billion out of building President Trump’s wall. I want them to understand that they are going to have to go home and ex-plain to their constituents why they voted to strip $100 billion out of fund-ing President Trump’s wall. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, if we de-feat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to strike the text of this rule and insert House Resolution 774, Representative DENHAM ’s bipar-tisan queen-of-the-hill resolution. This rule would bring up four separate im-migration bills to be debated and voted on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. A
GUILAR ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, I am here today to ask every Member who believed in bipar-tisan, open debate on DACA here in the House to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Every one of the 216 Members who signed the discharge petition should join me. Why? Because a vote against the previous question is a vote for queen-of-the-hill rule, and because if we defeat the previous question, we will immediately offer the queen-of- the-hill rule and finally start this de-bate. There will be no more waiting for the last two signatures on the discharge petition to materialize. There will be no more waiting until the next dis-charge Monday comes up in the cal-endar. There will be no more waiting. We will end this process and vote on queen of the hill now. Today, Republicans are bringing up two partisan, anti-immigrant bills. Democrats were completely cut out of the process that produced these bills, and, as a result, they will not get any bipartisan support. It is questionable if either of these bills can actually pass this House. If that is the case, then what is the point of all of this? Is the goal to have a fake debate on DACA and have everything fail so we are in the same place as the Senate? What good does that do? Dreamers are still left wondering when and what Congress will do to help them stay in this country. Let’s end this charade and actually have a bipartisan debate, and let’s pass a bipartisan bill to provide a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers. Mr. Speaker, this has been a crazy week for sure. But one thing is clear: If we want to pass a fix for DACA, then we need to come together and pass a bi-partisan bill. This previous question vote gives us the chance to do just that. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous ques-tion and bring up the queen-of-the-hill rule. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Mis-sissippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), who is the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to the closed rule for H.R. 4760. I was proud to sign on to the bipartisan discharge petition to force a vote on a Dreamer bill. Passage of this rule will not only kill that discharge petition, but any hope of this Congress consid-ering the one bill that has enough bi-partisan support to deliver a meaning-ful remedy for the Dreamers. What are we voting on instead? H.R. 4760 is an antifamily bill that main-tains the cruel zero-tolerance policy, limits access to asylum, shrinks legal immigration, ends the diversity visa lottery program, abolishes protections for unaccompanied children, and builds President Trump’s border wall. We are considering only H.R. 4760—a measure that may not have the votes to pass—to placate the most extreme elements of the Republican Conference. Mr. Speaker, something is fundamen-tally wrong and broken in this body when the will of a handful of extrem-ists overrules the will of a bipartisan majority. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and the underlying bill. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, is this in-stitution broken or has our leadership fled the field? This rule will deprive the House of having a debate on the Dreamers. Eighty-two percent of the American people think these innocent kids who came here should be given legal status. The leadership has refused to allow us to debate. With the help of Mr. D
ENHAM , in a courageous display of independence, he has a discharge peti-tion, the last remaining tool for a ma-jority of this House to say to leader-ship: Give us a vote. Let us debate. But in an act of extraordinary irre-sponsibility—and I would say cow-ardice—the leadership is quelling, crushing, and incinerating the last ves-tige of independence in their own party. This rule takes away from the House that tool to rise up and say: We are ready to work for the American people and give legal status to the Dreamers. That is a disgrace. That is a reason why, if we care about ourselves as an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.024 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5378 June 21, 2018 
institution responsible to the people who elected us, we will assert our in-sistence that we vote. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I can-not support H.R. 4760, and I cannot sup-port this rule, obviously, for a number of reasons that we heard here today, but I would like to highlight two. This bill does not provide the DACA fix that our Dreamers deserve. Person-ally, I have nearly 20,000 Dreamers in my district in California. I have met with many of them numerous times at their work and at their jobs. Although they were brought here through no fault of their own, these kids want to stay here; they want to live here; and, most important, they want to con-tribute here. They don’t want this given to them. They are willing to earn it. Unfortu-nately, this bill does not give them that chance. And that is why I cannot support it. Also, in my district, we lay claim to being the salad bowl of the world. Our agriculture industry is due to our farmworkers. Now, I appreciate that this bill addresses ag labor, and the added amendments have tried to make it better, but it is just not enough. This bill hurts our communities. Why? Because our ag workers are not just an important part of our ag indus-try, they are an integral part to our communities. Some of these people have been here 5, 10, 15, 20 years. They have spouses; they have kids; and they have families. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an addi-tional 15 seconds. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, because of the important role that they will play, and because of the lack of any in-formation on what this can do for these ag workers, I am against the resolu-tion. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in 1970, a Guatemalan couple decided to send their daughter to the U.S. That young girl was I. I was welcomed here in a loving home. I was not put in a freezing cell. My parents felt they had no choice. My mother died a couple of years later. These parents are making a choice that, frankly, I could not make today for my children. A few months ago, I was away from home for so long—4 weeks—that my grandson, a 3-year-old, felt he had to reintroduce himself to me because he had not seen me for 4 weeks. He didn’t think that I would re-member him. Imagine an infant when that infant is returned to their parent; they will be introduced to a total stranger. Pope Francis just tweeted: Pray to-gether, walk together, work together. This is the way that leads to Christian unity. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and this cruel legisla-tion. Let’s help those who can’t help themselves in these very corrupt coun-tries of the Northern Triangle. They are not s—-holes as the President has referred to them. Let’s give them an opportunity to live another day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk to you about a story of separation, a father and daughter who have been separated. Chris, my constituent, came to me with this story several years ago. He served his country in Iraq. While he was serving his country in Iraq, his wife developed cancer and died. Chris returned home to be a single dad to his daughter. His daughter went out with friends one night and was struck and killed by an automobile—an automobile driven by someone who was in the country without the benefit of citizenship. Chris comes to my townhalls and asks me: While I was serving my coun-try, you were supposed to be enforcing the laws on the border. Because you did not do your job, I am now separated from my daughter in perpetuity. H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Fu-ture Act of 2018, is the product of months of work by Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE , Chairman M CCAUL, and other stakeholders. This is an answer to our persistent problems with our immigra-tion system that so many Members of this body have been talking about for years. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and move the de-bate forward on this legislation. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee report (H. Rept. 115–772) to ac-company House Resolution 954 should have included in its waiver of all points of order against consideration of H.R. 4760 a disclo-sure of the following violation: Clause 12(a)(1) of rule XXI, requiring a comparative print to be made publicly avail-able prior to consideration of a bill amending or repealing statutes to show, by typographical device, parts of statute affected. The material previously referred to by Mrs. T
ORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 954 O FFERED BY  M
RS. TORRES  Strike all after the resolved clause and in-sert: That on the next legislative day after the adoption of this resolution, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, the House shall resolve into the Committee of the Whole House on the State of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Whip or their respective designees. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment shall be in order except the amendments in the na-ture of a substitute specified in section 2 of this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order specified, may be offered only by the Member designated, shall be considered as read, and shall be debatable for 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent. All points of order against such amendments are waived (except those arising under clause 7 of rule XVI). Clause 6(g) of rule XVIII shall not apply with respect to a request for a re-corded vote on any such amendment. If more than one such amendment is adopted, then only the one receiving the greater number of affirmative recorded votes shall be consid-ered as finally adopted. In the case of a tie for the greater number of affirmative re-corded votes, then only the last amendment to receive that number of affirmative re-corded votes shall be considered as finally adopted. After the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment, the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendment as may have been finally adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 2. The amendments in the nature of a substitute referred to in the first section of this resolution are as follows: (1) A proper amendment in the nature of a substitute, if offered by Representative Goodlatte of Virginia or his designee. (2) A proper amendment in the nature of a substitute, if offered by Representative Roy-bal-Allard of California or her designee. (3) A proper amendment in the nature of a substitute, if offered by Representative Ryan of Wisconsin or his designee. (4) A proper amendment in the nature of a substitute, if offered by Representative Denham of California or his designee. S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4760. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.027 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5379 June 21, 2018 
Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 190, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 279] YEAS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—5 
Black Collins (GA) Jeffries Kustoff (TN) Payne 
b1207 Messrs. BIGGS and BRAT changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 226, noes 195, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 280] AYES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.007 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5380 June 21, 2018 
Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—195 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Black Collins (GA) Jeffries Kustoff (TN) O’Rourke Payne 
b1214 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO MODIFY CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 6, SUBSTANCE USE-DISORDER PREVENTION THAT PROMOTES OPIOID RECOV-ERY AND TREATMENT FOR PA-TIENTS AND COMMUNITIES ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, notwith-standing House Resolution 949, during consideration of H.R. 6 pursuant to such resolution, general debate shall not exceed 1 hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member on the Committee on Energy and Com-merce and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARPER ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
SECURING AMERICA’S FUTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 954, I call up the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immi-gration laws and the homeland secu-rity laws, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 954, the amendments printed in House Report 115–772 are adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4760 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. DIVISION A—LEGAL IMMIGRATION REFORM TITLE I—IMMIGRANT VISA ALLOCATIONS AND PRIORITIES Sec. 1101. Family-sponsored immigration priorities. Sec. 1102. Elimination of diversity visa pro-gram. Sec. 1103. Employment-based immigration priorities. Sec. 1104. Waiver of rights by B visa non-immigrants. TITLE II—AGRICULTURAL WORKER REFORM Sec. 2101. Short title. Sec. 2102. H–2C temporary agricultural work visa program. Sec. 2103. Admission of temporary H–2C workers. Sec. 2104. Mediation. Sec. 2105. Migrant and seasonal agricultural worker protection. Sec. 2106. Binding arbitration. Sec. 2107. Eligibility for health care sub-sidies and refundable tax cred-its; required health insurance coverage. Sec. 2108. Study of establishment of an agri-cultural worker employment pool. Sec. 2109. Prevailing wage. Sec. 2110. Effective dates; sunset; regula-tions. Sec. 2111. Report on compliance and viola-tions. TITLE III—VISA SECURITY Sec. 3101. Cancellation of additional visas. Sec. 3102. Visa information sharing. Sec. 3103. Restricting waiver of visa inter-views. Sec. 3104. Authorizing the Department of State to not interview certain ineligible visa applicants. Sec. 3105. Visa refusal and revocation. Sec. 3106. Petition and application proc-essing for visas and immigra-tion benefits. Sec. 3107. Fraud prevention. Sec. 3108. Visa ineligibility for spouses and children of drug traffickers. Sec. 3109. DNA testing. Sec. 3110. Access to NCIC criminal history database for diplomatic visas. Sec. 3111. Elimination of signed photograph requirement for visa applica-tions. Sec. 3112. Additional fraud detection and prevention. DIVISION B—INTERIOR IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT TITLE I—LEGAL WORKFORCE ACT Sec. 1101. Short title. Sec. 1102. Employment eligibility verification process. Sec. 1103. Employment eligibility verification system. Sec. 1104. Recruitment, referral, and con-tinuation of employment. Sec. 1105. Good faith defense. Sec. 1106. Preemption and States’ rights. Sec. 1107. Repeal. Sec. 1108. Penalties. Sec. 1109. Fraud and misuse of documents. Sec. 1110. Protection of Social Security Ad-ministration programs. Sec. 1111. Fraud prevention. Sec. 1112. Use of employment eligibility verification photo tool. Sec. 1113. Identity authentication employ-ment eligibility verification pilot programs. Sec. 1114. Inspector General audits. TITLE II—SANCTUARY CITIES AND STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT COOPERATION Sec. 2201. Short title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.005 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5381 June 21, 2018 
Sec. 2202. State noncompliance with en-forcement of immigration law. Sec. 2203. Clarifying the authority of ice de-tainers. Sec. 2204. Sarah and Grant’s law. Sec. 2205. Clarification of congressional in-tent. Sec. 2206. Penalties for illegal entry or pres-ence. TITLE III—CRIMINAL ALIENS Sec. 3301. Precluding admissibility of aliens convicted of aggravated felo-nies or other serious offenses. Sec. 3302. Increased penalties barring the ad-mission of convicted sex offend-ers failing to register and re-quiring deportation of sex of-fenders failing to register. Sec. 3303. Grounds of inadmissibility and de-portability for alien gang mem-bers. Sec. 3304. Inadmissibility and deportability of drunk drivers. Sec. 3305. Definition of aggravated felony. Sec. 3306. Precluding withholding of removal for aggravated felons. Sec. 3307. Protecting immigrants from con-victed sex offenders. Sec. 3308. Clarification to crimes of violence and crimes involving moral tur-pitude. Sec. 3309. Detention of dangerous aliens. Sec. 3310. Timely repatriation. Sec. 3311. Illegal reentry. TITLE IV—ASYLUM REFORM Sec. 4401. Clarification of intent regarding taxpayer-provided counsel. Sec. 4402. Credible fear interviews. Sec. 4403. Recording expedited removal and credible fear interviews. Sec. 4404. Safe third country. Sec. 4405. Renunciation of asylum status pursuant to return to home country. Sec. 4406. Notice concerning frivolous asy-lum applications. Sec. 4407. Anti-fraud investigative work product. Sec. 4408. Penalties for asylum fraud. Sec. 4409. Statute of limitations for asylum fraud. Sec. 4410. Technical amendments. TITLE V—UNACCOMPANIED AND ACCOM-PANIED ALIEN MINORS APPREHENDED ALONG THE BORDER Sec. 5501. Repatriation of unaccompanied alien children. Sec. 5502. Special immigrant juvenile status for immigrants unable to re-unite with either parent. Sec. 5503. Jurisdiction of asylum applica-tions. Sec. 5504. Quarterly report to Congress. Sec. 5505. Biannual report to Congress. Sec. 5506. Clarification of standards for fam-ily detention. DIVISION C—BORDER ENFORCEMENT Sec. 1100. Short title. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Sec. 1101. Definitions. Subtitle A—Infrastructure and Equipment Sec. 1111. Strengthening the requirements for barriers along the southern border. Sec. 1112. Air and Marine Operations flight hours. Sec. 1113. Capability deployment to specific sectors and transit zone. Sec. 1114. U.S. Border Patrol activities. Sec. 1115. Border security technology pro-gram management. Sec. 1116. Reimbursement of States for de-ployment of the National Guard at the southern border. Sec. 1117. National Guard support to secure the southern border. Sec. 1118. Prohibitions on actions that im-pede border security on certain Federal land. Sec. 1119. Landowner and rancher security enhancement. Sec. 1120. Eradication of carrizo cane and salt cedar. Sec. 1121. Southern border threat analysis. Sec. 1122. Amendments to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Sec. 1123. Agent and officer technology use. Sec. 1124. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams. Sec. 1125. Tunnel Task Forces. Sec. 1126. Pilot program on use of electro-magnetic spectrum in support of border security operations. Sec. 1127. Homeland security foreign assist-ance. Subtitle B—Personnel Sec. 1131. Additional U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection agents and offi-cers. Sec. 1132. U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion retention incentives. Sec. 1133. Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act. Sec. 1134. Training for officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. Subtitle C—Grants Sec. 1141. Operation Stonegarden. Subtitle D—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1151. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE II—EMERGENCY PORT OF ENTRY PERSONNEL AND INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING Sec. 2101. Ports of entry infrastructure. Sec. 2102. Secure communications. Sec. 2103. Border security deployment pro-gram. Sec. 2104. Pilot and upgrade of license plate readers at ports of entry. Sec. 2105. Non-intrusive inspection oper-ational demonstration. 
Sec. 2106. Biometric exit data system. Sec. 2107. Sense of Congress on cooperation between agencies. Sec. 2108. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2109. Definition. TITLE III—VISA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY Sec. 3101. Visa security. Sec. 3102. Electronic passport screening and biometric matching. Sec. 3103. Reporting of visa overstays. Sec. 3104. Student and exchange visitor in-formation system verification. Sec. 3105. Social media review of visa appli-cants. TITLE IV—TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION ILLICIT SPOTTER PRE-VENTION AND ELIMINATION Sec. 4101. Short title. Sec. 4102. Unlawfully hindering immigra-tion, border, and customs con-trols. DIVISION D—LAWFUL STATUS FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS Sec. 1101. Definitions. Sec. 1102. Contingent nonimmigrant status for certain aliens who entered the United States as minors. Sec. 1103. Administrative and judicial re-view. Sec. 1104. Penalties and signature require-ments. Sec. 1105. Rulemaking. Sec. 1106. Statutory construction. DIVISION A—LEGAL IMMIGRATION REFORM TITLE I—IMMIGRANT VISA ALLOCATIONS AND PRIORITIES SEC. 1101. FAMILY-SPONSORED IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES. 
(a) I MMEDIATE RELATIVE REDEFINED .—Sec- tion 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘children, spouses, and parents of a citizen of the United States, except that, in the case of parents, such citizens shall be at least 21 years of age.’’ and inserting ‘‘children and spouse of a citizen of the United States.’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘such an im-mediate relative’’ and inserting ‘‘the imme-diate relative spouse of a United States cit-izen’’; (2) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL OF FAMILY -SPON-
SORED IMMIGRANTS .—(1) The worldwide level of family-sponsored immigrants under this subsection for a fiscal year is equal to 87,934 minus the number computed under para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) The number computed under this para-graph for a fiscal year is the number of aliens who were paroled into the United States under section 212(d)(5) in the second preceding fiscal year who— ‘‘(A) did not depart from the United States (without advance parole) within 365 days; and ‘‘(B)(i) did not acquire the status of an alien lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence during the two pre-ceding fiscal years; or ‘‘(ii) acquired such status during such pe-riod under a provision of law (other than subsection (b)) that exempts adjustment to such status from the numerical limitation on the worldwide level of immigration under this section.’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3); and (D) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) and (2)’’. (b) F
AMILY -BASED VISA PREFERENCES .— Section 203(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) S
POUSES AND MINOR CHILDREN OF PER-
MANENT RESIDENT ALIENS .—Family-spon-sored immigrants described in this sub-section are qualified immigrants who are the spouse or a child of an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence. Such immi-grants shall be allocated visas in accordance with the number computed under section 201(c).’’. (c) A
GING OUT.—Section 203(h) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(h)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’; (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), for purposes of subsections (a)(2) and (d), a determination of whether an alien satisfies the age requirement in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of section 101(b)(1) shall be made using the age of the alien on the date on which a petition is filed with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security.’’. (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5382 June 21, 2018 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding the age of an alien on the date on which a petition is filed, an alien who marries or turns 25 years of age prior to being issued a visa pursuant to subsection (a)(2) or (d), no longer satisfies the age requirement described in paragraph (1).’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(4)’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF V NONIMMIGRANT .—Sec- tion 101(a)(15)(V) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (2) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION TO ANY SINGLE  
FOREIGN STATE .—Section 202 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(4)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) 75 
PERCENT OF FAMILY -SPONSORED IM -
MIGRANTS NOT SUBJECT TO PER COUNTRY LIMI -
TATION .—Of the visa numbers made available under section 203(a) in any fiscal year, 75 per-cent shall be issued without regard to the numerical limitation under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF REMAINING 25 PERCENT  
FOR COUNTRIES SUBJECT TO SUBSECTION (e).— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Of the visa numbers made available under section 203(a) in any fiscal year, 25 percent shall be available, in the case of a foreign state or dependent area that is subject to subsection (e) only to the extent that the total number of visas issued in accordance with subparagraph (A) to na-tives of the foreign state or dependent area is less than the subsection (e) ceiling. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSECTION (e) CEILING DEFINED .—In clause (i), the term ‘subsection (e) ceiling’ means, for a foreign state or dependent area, 77 percent of the maximum number of visas that may be made available under section 203(a) to immigrants who are natives of the state or area, consistent with subsection (e).’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by striking paragraph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (iv) in the undesignated matter after para-graph (2), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘, re-spectively,’’ and all that follows and insert-ing a period. (3) P
ROCEDURE FOR GRANTING IMMIGRANT  
STATUS .—Section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to classification by reason of a relationship de-scribed in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 203(a) or’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by redesignating the sec-ond subclause (I) as subclause (II); and (II) by striking ‘‘203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such terms appear and inserting ‘‘203(a)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘a petitioner’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 204(a)(1)(B)(iii).’’ and inserting ‘‘an individual younger than 21 years of age for purposes of adjudicating such petition and for purposes of admission as an immediate relative under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) or a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a), as appropriate, notwithstanding the actual age of the individual.’’; (B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘, 203(a)(1), or 203(a)(3), as appropriate’’; and (C) by striking subsection (k). (4) WAIVERS OF INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(6)(E)(ii), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(11), by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (4) thereof)’’. (5) E
MPLOYMENT OF V NONIMMIGRANTS .— Section 214(q)(1)(B)(i) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (6) D
EFINITION OF ALIEN SPOUSE .—Section 216(h)(1)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1186a(h)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (7) C
LASSES OF DEPORTABLE ALIENS .—Sec- tion 237(a)(1)(E)(ii) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (e) C
REATION OF NONIMMIGRANT CLASSIFICA -
TION FOR ALIEN PARENTS OF ADULT UNITED  S
TATES CITIZENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (T)(ii)(III), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in subparagraph (U)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (V)(ii)(II), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(W) Subject to section 214(s), an alien who is a parent of a citizen of the United States, if the citizen— ‘‘(i) is at least 21 years of age; and ‘‘(ii) has never received contingent non-immigrant status under division D of the Se-curing America’s Future Act.’’. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ADMISSION .—Section 214 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(s)(1) The initial period of authorized ad-mission for a nonimmigrant described in sec-tion 101(a)(15)(W) shall be 5 years, but may be extended by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity for additional 5-year periods if the United States citizen son or daughter of the nonimmigrant is still residing in the United States. ‘‘(2) A nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W)— ‘‘(A) is not authorized to be employed in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is not eligible for any Federal, State, or local public benefit. ‘‘(3) Regardless of the resources of a non-immigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W), the United States citizen son or daughter who sponsored the nonimmigrant parent shall be responsible for the nonimmigrant’s support while the nonimmigrant resides in the United States. ‘‘(4) An alien is ineligible to receive a visa or to be admitted into the United States as a nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W) unless the alien provides satis-factory proof that the United States citizen son or daughter has arranged for health in-surance coverage for the alien, at no cost to the alien, during the anticipated period of the alien’s residence in the United States.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2018. (2) I
NVALIDITY OF CERTAIN PETITIONS AND  
APPLICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No person may file, and the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State may not accept, adju-dicate, or approve any petition under section 204 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) filed on or after the date of en-actment of this Act seeking classification of an alien under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) with re-spect to a parent of a United States citizen, or under section 203(a)(1), (2)(B), (3) or (4) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2)(A)(i), 1153(a)(1), (2)(B), (3), or (4)). Any application for adjust-ment of status or an immigrant visa based on such a petition shall be invalid. (B) PENDING PETITIONS .—Neither the Sec-retary of Homeland Security nor the Sec-retary of State may adjudicate or approve any petition under section 204 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) pending as of the date of enactment of this Act seeking classification of an alien under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) with respect to a par-ent of a United States citizen, or under sec-tion 203(a)(1), (2)(B), (3) or (4) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2)(A)(i), 1153(a)(1), (2)(B), (3), or (4)). Any application for adjustment of status or an immigrant visa based on such a peti-tion shall be invalid. (3) A
PPLICABILITY TO WAITLISTED APPLI -
CANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by this section, an alien with regard to whom a petition or applica-tion for status under paragraph (1), (2)(B), (3) or (4) of section 203(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)), as in effect on September 30, 2018, was approved prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, may be issued a visa pursuant to that paragraph in accordance with the avail-ability of visas under subparagraph (B). (B) A
VAILABILITY OF VISAS .—Visas may be issued to beneficiaries of approved petitions under each category described in subpara-graph (A), but only until such time as the number of visas that would have been allo-cated to that category in fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the amendments made by this section, have been issued. When the number of visas described in the previous sentence have been issued for each category described in subparagraph (A), no additional visas may be issued for that category. 
SEC. 1102. ELIMINATION OF DIVERSITY VISA PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT .— The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 101(a)(15)(V), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (B) in section 201— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); and (ii) by striking subsection (e); (C) in section 203— (i) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV), by strik-ing ‘‘section 203(b)(2)(B)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; (ii) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), respectively; (iii) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (iv) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (I) by striking paragraph (2); and (II) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); (v) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (vi) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsections (a), (b), and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’; and (vii) in subsection (g), as redesignated— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5383 June 21, 2018 
(I) by striking ‘‘(d)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(c)’’; and (II) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; (D) in section 204— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking subpara-graph (I); (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of section 203’’; and (iii) in subsection (l)(2)— (I) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203 (a) or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (c) of section 203’’; and (II) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (E) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (F) in section 216(h)(1), in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (C), by strik-ing ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; and (G) in section 245(i)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’. (2) I
MMIGRANT INVESTOR PILOT PROGRAM .— Section 610(d) of the Departments of Com-merce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–395) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(e))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(d) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(d))’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1103. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NCREASE IN VISAS FOR SKILLED WORK-
ERS.—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 201(d)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘140,000’’ and inserting ‘‘195,000’’; and (2) in section 203(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘28.6 per-cent of such worldwide level’’ and inserting ‘‘58,374’’; (B) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent of such worldwide level’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘58,373’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘7.1 percent of such world-wide level’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘9,940’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of fiscal year 2019 and shall apply to the visas made available in that and subsequent fiscal years. 
SEC. 1104. WAIVER OF RIGHTS BY B VISA NON-IMMIGRANTS. 
Section 101(a)(15)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(B)) is amended by adding before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, and who has waived any right to review or appeal of an immigration officer’s determination as to the admissibility of the alien at the port of entry into the United States, or to contest, other than on the basis of an application for asylum, any action for removal of the alien’’. TITLE II—AGRICULTURAL WORKER REFORM 
SEC. 2101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as— (1) the ‘‘Agricultural Guestworker Act’’; or (2) the ‘‘AG Act’’. 
SEC. 2102. H–2C TEMPORARY AGRICULTURAL WORK VISA PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15)(H) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘; or (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘, or (c) who is com-ing temporarily to the United States to per-form agricultural labor or services; or (iii)’’. (b) DEFINITION .—Section 101(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) The term ‘agricultural labor or serv-ices’ has the meaning given such term by the Secretary of Agriculture in regulations and includes— ‘‘(A) agricultural labor as defined in sec-tion 3121(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(B) agriculture as defined in section 3(f) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(f)); ‘‘(C) the handling, planting, drying, pack-ing, packaging, processing, freezing, or grad-ing prior to delivery for storage of any agri-cultural or horticultural commodity in its unmanufactured state; ‘‘(D) all activities required for the prepara-tion, processing or manufacturing of a prod-uct of agriculture (as such term is defined in such section 3(f)), or fish or shellfish, for fur-ther distribution; ‘‘(E) forestry-related activities; and ‘‘(F) aquaculture activities, except that in regard to labor or services consisting of meat or poultry processing, the term ‘agricultural labor or services’ only in-cludes the killing of animals and the break-down of their carcasses.’’. 
SEC. 2103. ADMISSION OF TEMPORARY H–2C WORKERS. 
(a) P ROCEDURE FOR ADMISSION .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 218 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 218A. ADMISSION OF TEMPORARY H–2C WORKERS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section and sec-tion 218B: ‘‘(1) D
ISPLACE .—The term ‘displace’ means to lay off a United States worker from the job for which H–2C workers are sought. ‘‘(2) J
OB.—The term ‘job’ refers to all posi-tions with an employer that— ‘‘(A) involve essentially the same respon-sibilities; ‘‘(B) are held by workers with substan-tially equivalent qualifications and experi-ence; and ‘‘(C) are located in the same place or places of employment. ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYER .—The term ‘employer’ in-cludes a single or joint employer, including an association acting as a joint employer with its members, who hires workers to per-form agricultural labor or services. ‘‘(4) F
ORESTRY -RELATED ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘forestry-related activities’ includes tree planting, timber harvesting, logging op-erations, brush clearing, vegetation manage-ment, herbicide application, the mainte-nance of rights-of-way (including for roads, trails, and utilities), regardless of whether such right-of-way is on forest land, and the harvesting of pine straw. ‘‘(5) H–2C 
WORKER .—The term ‘H–2C work-er’ means a nonimmigrant described in sec-tion 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c). ‘‘(6) L
AY OFF .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘lay off’— ‘‘(i) means to cause a worker’s loss of em-ployment, other than through a discharge for inadequate performance, violation of workplace rules, cause, voluntary departure, voluntary retirement, or the expiration of a grant or contract (other than a temporary employment contract entered into in order to evade a condition described in paragraph (4) of subsection (b)); and ‘‘(ii) does not include any situation in which the worker is offered, as an alter-native to such loss of employment, a similar position with the same employer at equiva-lent or higher wages and benefits than the position from which the employee was dis-charged, regardless of whether or not the employee accepts the offer. ‘‘(B) CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this para-graph is intended to limit an employee’s rights under a collective bargaining agree-ment or other employment contract. ‘‘(7) U
NITED STATES WORKER .—The term ‘United States worker’ means any worker who is— ‘‘(A) a citizen or national of the United States; or ‘‘(B) an alien who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence, is admitted as a ref-ugee under section 207, or is granted asylum under section 208. ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL PROCEDURES INDUSTRY .—The term ‘special procedures industry’ includes sheepherding, goat herding, and the range production of livestock, itinerant commer-cial beekeeping and pollination, itinerant animal shearing, and custom combining and harvesting. ‘‘(b) P
ETITION .—An employer that seeks to employ aliens as H–2C workers under this section shall file with the Secretary of Homeland Security a petition attesting to the following: ‘‘(1) O
FFER OF EMPLOYMENT .—The employer will offer employment to the aliens on a con-tractual basis as H–2C workers under this section for a specific period of time during which the aliens may not work on an at-will basis (as provided for in section 218B), and such contract shall only be required to in-clude a description of each place of employ-ment, period of employment, wages and other benefits to be provided, and the duties of the positions. ‘‘(2) T
EMPORARY LABOR OR SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The employer is seeking to employ a specific number of H–2C workers on a temporary basis and will provide com-pensation to such workers at a wage rate no less than that set forth in subsection (j)(2). ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, a worker is employed on a tem-porary basis if the employer intends to em-ploy the worker for no longer than the time period set forth in subsection (m)(1) (subject to the exceptions in subsection (m)(3)). ‘‘(3) B
ENEFITS , WAGES , AND WORKING CONDI -
TIONS .—The employer will provide, at a min-imum, the benefits, wages, and working con-ditions required by subsection (k) to all workers employed in the job for which the H–2C workers are sought. ‘‘(4) N
ONDISPLACEMENT OF UNITED STATES  
WORKERS .—The employer did not displace and will not displace United States workers employed by the employer during the period of employment of the H–2C workers and dur-ing the 30-day period immediately preceding such period of employment in the job for which the employer seeks approval to em-ploy H–2C workers. ‘‘(5) R
ECRUITMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The employer— ‘‘(i) conducted adequate recruitment before filing the petition; and ‘‘(ii) was unsuccessful in locating sufficient numbers of willing and qualified United States workers for the job for which the H– 2C workers are sought. ‘‘(B) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—The recruit-ment requirement under subparagraph (A) is satisfied if the employer places a local job order with the State workforce agency serv-ing each place of employment, except that nothing in this subparagraph shall require the employer to file an interstate job order under section 653 of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations. The State workforce agency shall post the job order on its official agency website for a minimum of 30 days and not later than 3 days after receipt using the em-ployment statistics system authorized under section 15 of the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49l–2). The Secretary of Labor shall include links to the official Web sites of all State workforce agencies on a single 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5384 June 21, 2018 
webpage of the official Web site of the De-partment of Labor. ‘‘(C) E
ND OF RECRUITMENT REQUIREMENT .— The requirement to recruit United States workers for a job shall terminate on the first day that work begins for the H–2C workers. ‘‘(6) O
FFERS TO UNITED STATES WORKERS .— The employer has offered or will offer the job for which the H–2C workers are sought to any eligible United States workers who— ‘‘(A) apply; ‘‘(B) are qualified for the job; and ‘‘(C) will be available at the time, at each place, and for the duration, of need. This requirement shall not apply to United States workers who apply for the job on or after the first day that work begins for the H–2C workers. ‘‘(7) P
ROVISION OF INSURANCE .—If the job for which the H–2C workers are sought is not covered by State workers’ compensation law, the employer will provide, at no cost to the workers unless State law provides otherwise, insurance covering injury and disease arising out of, and in the course of, the workers’ em-ployment, which will provide benefits at least equal to those provided under the State workers compensation law for comparable employment. ‘‘(8) S
TRIKE OR LOCKOUT .—The job that is the subject of the petition is not vacant be-cause the former workers in that job are on strike or locked out in the course of a labor dispute. ‘‘(c) L
IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall maintain a list of the pe-titions filed under this subsection, which shall— ‘‘(A) be sorted by employer; and ‘‘(B) include the number of H–2C workers sought, the wage rate, the period of employ-ment, each place of employment, and the date of need for each alien. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall make the list avail-able for public examination. ‘‘(d) P
ETITIONING FOR ADMISSION .— ‘‘(1) C
ONSIDERATION OF PETITIONS .—For pe- titions filed and considered under this sub-section— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Homeland Security may not require such petition to be filed more than 28 days before the first date the employer requires the labor or services of H– 2C workers; ‘‘(B) within the appropriate time period under subparagraph (C) or (D), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— ‘‘(i) approve the petition; ‘‘(ii) reject the petition; or ‘‘(iii) determine that the petition is incom-plete or obviously inaccurate or that the em-ployer has not complied with the require-ments of subsection (b)(5)(A)(i) (which the Secretary can ascertain by verifying whether the employer has placed a local job order as provided for in subsection (b)(5)(B)); ‘‘(C) if the Secretary determines that the petition is incomplete or obviously inac-curate, or that the employer has not com-plied with the requirements of subsection (b)(5)(A)(i) (which the Secretary can ascer-tain by verifying whether the employer has placed a local job order as provided for in subsection (b)(5)(B)), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) within 5 business days of receipt of the petition, notify the petitioner of the defi-ciencies to be corrected by means ensuring same or next day delivery; and ‘‘(ii) within 5 business days of receipt of the corrected petition, approve or reject the petition and provide the petitioner with no-tice of such action by means ensuring same or next day delivery; and ‘‘(D) if the Secretary does not determine that the petition is incomplete or obviously inaccurate, the Secretary shall not later than 10 business days after the date on which such petition was filed, either approve or re-ject the petition and provide the petitioner with notice of such action by means ensuring same or next day delivery. ‘‘(2) ACCESS .—By filing an H–2C petition, the petitioner and each employer (if the peti-tioner is an association that is a joint em-ployer of workers who perform agricultural labor or services) consent to allow access to each place of employment to the Department of Agriculture and the Department of Home-land Security for the purpose of investiga-tions and audits to determine compliance with the immigration laws (as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(17)). ‘‘(e) R
OLES OF AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF ASSOCIATIONS ACTING AS  
EMPLOYERS .—If an association is a joint em-ployer of workers who perform agricultural labor or services, H–2C workers may be transferred among its members to perform the agricultural labor or services on a tem-porary basis for which the petition was ap-proved. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
NDIVIDUAL MEMBER .—If an individual member of an association that is a joint em-ployer commits a violation described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (h) or sub-section (i)(1), the Secretary of Agriculture shall invoke penalties pursuant to sub-sections (h) and (i) against only that member of the association unless the Secretary of Agriculture determines that the association participated in, had knowledge of, or had reason to know of the violation. ‘‘(B) A
SSOCIATION OF AGRICULTURAL EM -
PLOYERS .—If an association that is a joint employer commits a violation described in subsections (h)(2) and (3) or (i)(1), the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall invoke penalties pursuant to subsections (h) and (i) against only the association and not any individual members of the association, unless the Sec-retary determines that the member partici-pated in the violation. ‘‘(f) E
XPEDITED ADMINISTRATIVE APPEALS .— The Secretary of Homeland Security shall promulgate regulations to provide for an ex-pedited procedure for the review of a denial of a petition under this section by the Sec-retary. At the petitioner’s request, the re-view shall include a de novo administrative hearing at which new evidence may be intro-duced. ‘‘(g) F
EES.—The Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall require, as a condition of ap-proving the petition, the payment of a fee to recover the reasonable cost of processing the petition. ‘‘(h) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
NVESTIGATIONS AND AUDITS .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture shall be responsible for conducting investigations and audits, includ-ing random audits, of employers to ensure compliance with the requirements of the H– 2C program. All monetary fines levied against employers shall be paid to the De-partment of Agriculture and used to enhance the Department of Agriculture’s investiga-tive and auditing abilities to ensure compli-ance by employers with their obligations under this section. ‘‘(2) V
IOLATIONS .—If the Secretary of Agri-culture finds, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, a failure to fulfill an attesta-tion required by this subsection, or a mate-rial misrepresentation of a material fact in a petition under this subsection, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) may impose such administrative rem-edies (including civil money penalties in an amount not to exceed $1,000 per violation) as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and ‘‘(B) may disqualify the employer from the employment of H–2C workers for a period of 1 year. ‘‘(3) WILLFUL VIOLATIONS .—If the Secretary of Agriculture finds, after notice and oppor-tunity for a hearing, a willful failure to ful-fill an attestation required by this sub-section, or a willful misrepresentation of a material fact in a petition under this sub-section, the Secretary— ‘‘(A) may impose such administrative rem-edies (including civil money penalties in an amount not to exceed $5,000 per violation, or not to exceed $15,000 per violation if in the course of such failure or misrepresentation the employer displaced one or more United States workers employed by the employer during the period of employment of H–2C workers or during the 30-day period imme-diately preceding such period of employ-ment) in the job the H–2C workers are per-forming as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; ‘‘(B) may disqualify the employer from the employment of H–2C workers for a period of 2 years; ‘‘(C) may, for a subsequent failure to fulfill an attestation required by this subsection, or a misrepresentation of a material fact in a petition under this subsection, disqualify the employer from the employment of H–2C workers for a period of 5 years; and ‘‘(D) may, for a subsequent willful failure to fulfill an attestation required by this sub-section, or a willful misrepresentation of a material fact in a petition under this sub-section, permanently disqualify the em-ployer from the employment of H–2C work-ers. ‘‘(i) F
AILURE TOPAYWAGES OR REQUIRED  B
ENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Agri-culture finds, after notice and opportunity for a hearing, that the employer has failed to provide the benefits, wages, and working conditions that the employer has attested that it would provide under this subsection, the Secretary shall require payment of back wages, or such other required benefits, due any United States workers or H–2C workers employed by the employer. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT .—The back wages or other re-quired benefits described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be equal to the difference be-tween the amount that should have been paid and the amount that was paid to such workers; and ‘‘(B) shall be distributed to the workers to whom such wages or benefits are due. ‘‘(j) M
INIMUM WAGES , BENEFITS , ANDWORK-
INGCONDITIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
REFERENTIAL TREATMENT OF H –2C 
WORKERS PROHIBITED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each employer seeking to hire United States workers for the job the H–2C workers will perform shall offer such United States workers not less than the same benefits, wages, and working condi-tions that the employer will provide to the H–2C workers, except that if an employer chooses to provide H-2C workers with hous-ing or a housing allowance, the employer need not offer housing or a housing allow-ance to such United States workers. No job offer may impose on United States workers any restrictions or obligations which will not be imposed on H–2C workers. ‘‘(B) I
NTERPRETATION .—Every interpreta-tion and determination made under this sec-tion or under any other law, regulation, or interpretative provision regarding the na-ture, scope, and timing of the provision of these and any other benefits, wages, and other terms and conditions of employment shall be made so that— ‘‘(i) the services of workers to their em-ployers and the employment opportunities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5385 June 21, 2018 
afforded to workers by the employers, in-cluding those employment opportunities that require United States workers or H–2C workers to travel or relocate in order to ac-cept or perform employment— ‘‘(I) mutually benefit such workers, as well as their families, and employers; and ‘‘(II) principally benefit neither employer nor employee; and ‘‘(ii) employment opportunities within the United States benefit the United States economy. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED WAGES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each employer peti-tioning for H–2C workers under this sub-section (other than in the case of workers who will perform agricultural labor or serv-ices consisting of meat or poultry proc-essing) will offer the H–2C workers, during the period of authorized employment as H–2C workers, wages that are at least the greatest of— ‘‘(i) the applicable State or local minimum wage; ‘‘(ii) 115 percent of the Federal minimum wage; or ‘‘(iii) the actual wage level paid by the em-ployer to all other individuals in the job. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(i) A
LTERNATE WAGE PAYMENT SYSTEMS .— An employer can utilize a piece rate or other alternative wage payment system so long as the employer guarantees each worker a wage rate that equals or exceeds the amount re-quired under subparagraph (A) for the total hours worked in each pay period. Compensa-tion from a piece rate or other alternative wage payment system shall include time spent during rest breaks, moving from job to job, clean up, or any other nonproductive time, provided that such time does not ex-ceed 20 percent of the total hours in the work day. ‘‘(ii) M
EAT OR POULTRY PROCESSING .—Each employer petitioning for H–2C workers under this subsection who will perform agricul-tural labor or services consisting of meat or poultry processing will offer the H–2C work-ers, during the period of authorized employ-ment as H–2C workers, wages that are at least the greatest of— ‘‘(I) the applicable State or local minimum wage; ‘‘(II) 150 percent of the Federal minimum wage; ‘‘(III) the prevailing wage level for the oc-cupational classification in the area of em-ployment; or ‘‘(IV) the actual wage level paid by the em-ployer to all other individuals in the job. ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYMENT GUARANTEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each employer peti-tioning for workers under this subsection shall guarantee to offer the H–2C workers and United States workers performing the same job employment for the hourly equiva-lent of not less than 50 percent of the work hours set forth in the work contract. ‘‘(ii) F
AILURE TO MEET GUARANTEE .—If an employer affords the United States workers or the H–2C workers less employment than that required under this subparagraph, the employer shall pay such workers the amount which the workers would have earned if the workers had worked for the guaranteed num-ber of hours. ‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION OF HOURS .—Any hours which workers fail to work, up to a max-imum of the number of hours specified in the work contract for a work day, when the workers have been offered an opportunity to do so, and all hours of work actually per-formed (including voluntary work in excess of the number of hours specified in the work contract in a work day) may be counted by the employer in calculating whether the pe-riod of guaranteed employment has been met. ‘‘(C) LIMITATION .—If the workers abandon employment before the end of the work con-tract period, or are terminated for cause, the workers are not entitled to the 50 percent guarantee described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) T
ERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If, before the expiration of the period of employment specified in the work contract, the services of the workers are no longer required due to any form of natural disaster, including flood, hurricane, freeze, earthquake, fire, drought, plant or animal disease, pest infestation, regulatory action, or any other reason beyond the con-trol of the employer before the employment guarantee in subparagraph (A) is fulfilled, the employer may terminate the workers’ employment. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—If a worker’s employ-ment is terminated under clause (i), the em-ployer shall— ‘‘(I) fulfill the employment guarantee in subparagraph (A) for the work days that have elapsed during the period beginning on the first work day and ending on the date on which such employment is terminated; ‘‘(II) make efforts to transfer the worker to other comparable employment acceptable to the worker; and ‘‘(III) not later than 72 hours after termi-nation, notify the Secretary of Agriculture of such termination and stating the nature of the contract impossibility. ‘‘(k) N
ONDELEGATION .—The Department of Agriculture and the Department of Home-land Security shall not delegate their inves-tigatory, enforcement, or administrative functions relating to this section or section 218B to other agencies or departments of the Federal Government. ‘‘(l) C
OMPLIANCE WITHBIO-SECURITY PROTO -
COLS.—Except in the case of an imminent threat to health or safety, any personnel from a Federal agency or Federal grantee seeking to determine the compliance of an employer with the requirements of this sec-tion or section 218B shall, when visiting such employer’s place of employment, make their presence known to the employer and sign-in in accordance with reasonable bio-security protocols before proceeding to any other area of the place of employment. ‘‘(m) L
IMITATION ON H–2C W ORKERS ’ STAY 
INSTATUS .— ‘‘(1) M
AXIMUM PERIOD .—The maximum con-tinuous period of authorized status as an H– 2C worker (including any extensions) is 24 months for workers employed in a job that is of a temporary or seasonal nature. For H–2C workers employed in a job that is not of a temporary or seasonal nature, the initial maximum continuous period of authorized status is 36 months and subsequent max-imum continuous periods of authorized sta-tus are 24 months. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT TO REMAIN OUTSIDE THE  
UNITED STATES .—In the case of H–2C workers who were employed in a job of a temporary or seasonal nature whose maximum contin-uous period of authorized status as H–2C workers (including any extensions) have ex-pired, the aliens may not again be eligible to be H–2C workers until they remain outside the United States for a continuous period equal to at least the lesser of 
1⁄12of the dura- tion of their previous period of authorized status an H–2C workers or 45 days. For H–2C workers who were employed in a job not of a temporary or seasonal nature whose max-imum continuous period of authorized status as H–2C workers (including any extensions) have expired, the aliens may not again be el-igible to be H–2C workers until they remain outside the United States for a continuous period equal to at least the lesser of 
1⁄12of the duration of their previous period of au-thorized status as H–2C workers or 45 days. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall deduct absences from the United States that take place during an H–2C worker’s pe-riod of authorized status from the period that the alien is required to remain outside the United States under paragraph (2), if the alien or the alien’s employer requests such a deduction, and provides clear and convincing proof that the alien qualifies for such a de-duction. Such proof shall consist of evidence such as arrival and departure records, copies of tax returns, and records of employment abroad. ‘‘(B) There is no maximum continuous pe-riod of authorized status as set forth in para-graph (1) or a requirement to remain outside the United States as set forth in paragraph (2) for H–2C workers employed as a sheep-herder, goatherder, in the range production of livestock, or who return to the workers’ permanent residence outside the United States each day. ‘‘(n) P
ERIOD OF ADMISSION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the max-imum continuous period of authorized sta-tus, workers’ authorized period of admission shall include— ‘‘(A) a period of not more than 7 days prior to the beginning of authorized employment as H–2C workers for the purpose of travel to the place of employment; and ‘‘(B) a period of not more than 14 days after the conclusion of their authorized employ-ment for the purpose of departure from the United States or a period of not more than 30 days following the employment for the pur-pose of seeking a subsequent offer of employ-ment by an employer pursuant to a petition under this section (or pursuant to at-will employment under section 218B during such times as that section is in effect) if they have not reached their maximum continuous period of authorized employment under sub-section (m) (subject to the exceptions in sub-section (m)(3)) unless they accept subsequent offers of employment as H–2C workers or are otherwise lawfully present. ‘‘(2) F
AILURE TO DEPART .—H–2C workers who do not depart the United States within the periods referred to in paragraph (1) or, as applicable, paragraph (3), will be considered to have failed to maintain nonimmigrant status as H–2C workers and shall be subject to removal under section 237(a)(1)(C)(i). Such aliens shall be considered to be inadmissible pursuant to section 212(a)(9)(B)(i) for having been unlawfully present, with the aliens con-sidered to have been unlawfully present for 181 days as of the 15th day following their pe-riod of employment for the purpose of depar-ture or as of the 31st day following their pe-riod of employment for the purpose of seek-ing subsequent offers of employment. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION FOR MAXIMUM PERIOD .— Notwithstanding the duration of the work requested by the employer petitioning for the admission of an H-2C worker, if the alien is granted a visa, at the request of the alien, the term of the visa shall be for the max-imum period described in subsection (m)(1), except that if such an alien is unable to se-cure subsequent employment 30 days after the conclusion of their authorized employ-ment, the alien shall be required to depart the United States as described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(o) A
BANDONMENT OF EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT BY EMPLOYER .—Not later than 72 hours after an employer learns of the abandonment of employment by H–2C work-ers before the conclusion of their work con-tracts, the employer shall notify the Sec-retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Homeland Security of such abandonment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5386 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(2) R EPLACEMENT OF ALIENS .—An em- ployer may designate eligible aliens to re-place H–2C workers who abandon employ-ment notwithstanding the numerical limita-tion found in section 214(g)(1)(C). ‘‘(p) C
HANGE TO H–2C S TATUS .— ‘‘(1) W
AIVER .—In the case of an alien de-scribed in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall waive the grounds of inadmissibility under paragraphs (5)(A), (6)(A), (6)(C), (7), (9)(B), and (9)(C) of section 212(a), and the grounds of deportability under paragraphs (1)(A) (with respect to the grounds of inadmissibility waived under this paragraph), (1)(B), (1)(C), (3)(A), and (3)(C) of section 237(a), with respect to conduct that occurred prior to the alien first receiving status as an H–2C worker, solely in order to provide the alien with such status. ‘‘(2) A
LIEN DESCRIBED .—An alien described in this paragraph is an alien who— ‘‘(A) was unlawfully present in the United States on October 23, 2017; and ‘‘(B) performed agricultural labor or serv-ices in the United States for at least 5.75 hours during each of at least 180 days during the 2-year period ending on October 23, 2017. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL APPROVAL PROCEDURES .—Be- fore an alien described in paragraph (2) can be provided with nonimmigrant status under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(C), the alien must de-part the United States for a period during the interval between the date of issuance of final rules carrying out the AG Act and the date that is 12 months after such issuance. If such an alien is the beneficiary of an ap-proved H-2C petition, for the purpose of meeting such requirement to depart the United States before being provided with nonimmigrant status under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(C), the Secretary shall au-thorize parole for the alien to travel to the United States without a visa and shall issue an appropriate document authorizing such travel. Prior to authorizing parole for the alien, the Secretary shall conduct an in per-son interview, as appropriate, and a back-ground check to determine that the alien is not inadmissible to the United States under section 212(a) or deportable under section 237(a), except with regard to the grounds of inadmissibility and grounds of deportability waived under paragraph (1). ‘‘(q) T
RUST FUND TOASSURE WORKER RE-
TURN .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a trust fund (in this section referred to as the ‘Trust Fund’) for the purpose of providing a mone-tary incentive for H–2C workers to return to their country of origin upon expiration of their visas. ‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF WAGES ; PAYMENT INTO  
THE TRUST FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) and State and local wage laws, all employers of H–2C workers shall withhold from the wages of all H–2C workers other than those employed as sheepherders, goatherders, in the range production of live-stock, or who return to the their permanent residence outside the United States each day, an amount equivalent to 10 percent of the gross wages of each worker in each pay period and, on behalf of each worker, trans-fer such withheld amount to the Trust Fund. ‘‘(B) J
OBS THAT ARE NOT OF A TEMPORARY OR  
SEASONAL NATURE .—Employers of H–2C work-ers employed in jobs that are not of a tem-porary or seasonal nature, other than those employed as a sheepherder, goatherder, or in the range production of livestock, shall also pay into the Trust Fund an amount equiva-lent to the Federal tax on the wages paid to H–2C workers that the employer would be ob-ligated to pay under chapters 21 and 23 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 had the H–2C workers been subject to such chapters. ‘‘(3) DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .—Amounts paid into the Trust Fund on behalf of an H– 2C worker, and held pursuant to paragraph (2)(A) and interest earned thereon, shall be transferred from the Trust Fund to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, who shall dis-tribute them to the worker if the worker— ‘‘(A) applies to the Secretary of Homeland Security (or the designee of the Secretary) for payment within 120 days of the expira-tion of the alien’s last authorized stay in the United States as an H–2C worker, for which they seek amounts from the Trust Fund; ‘‘(B) establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary of Homeland Security that they have complied with the terms and conditions of the H–2C program; ‘‘(C) once approved by the Secretary of Homeland Security for payment, physically appears at a United States embassy or con-sulate in the worker’s home country; and ‘‘(D) establishes their identity to the satis-faction of the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. ‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—The amounts paid into the Trust Fund and held pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), and interest earned thereon, shall be distributed annually to the Secretary of Agriculture and the Sec-retary of Homeland Security in amounts pro-portionate to the expenses incurred by such officials in the administration and enforce-ment of the terms of the H–2C program. ‘‘(5) L
AW ENFORCEMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts paid into the Trust Fund under paragraph (2), and interest earned thereon, that are not needed to carry out paragraphs (3) and (4) shall, to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts, be made available until expended without fiscal year limitation to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to apprehend, detain, and remove aliens inadmissible to or deportable from the United States. ‘‘(6) I
NVESTMENT OF TRUST FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to invest such portion of the Trust Fund as is not, in the Secretary’s judgment, required to meet cur-rent withdrawals. Such investments may be made only in interest-bearing obligations of the United States or in obligations guaran-teed as to both principal and interest by the United States. ‘‘(B) C
REDITS TO TRUST FUND .—The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or re-demption of, any obligations held in the Trust Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Trust Fund. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to hold the Trust Fund, and (after consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security) to re-port to the Congress each year on the finan-cial condition and the results of the oper-ations of the Trust Fund during the pre-ceding fiscal year and on its expected condi-tion and operations during the next fiscal year. Such report shall be printed as both a House and a Senate document of the session of the Congress in which the report is made. ‘‘(r) P
ROCEDURES FOR SPECIAL PROCEDURES  I
NDUSTRIES .— ‘‘(1) W
ORK LOCATIONS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall permit an employer in a special procedures industry or that en-gages in a forestry-related activity that does not operate at a single fixed place of employ-ment to provide, as part of its petition, a list of places of employment, which— ‘‘(A) may include an itinerary; and ‘‘(B) may be subsequently amended at any time by the employer, after notice to the Secretary. ‘‘(2) W
AGES .—Notwithstanding subsection (j)(2), the Secretary of Agriculture may es-tablish monthly, weekly, or biweekly wage rates for occupations in a Special Procedures Industry for a State or other geographic area. For an employer in a Special Proce-dures Industry that typically pays a monthly wage, the Secretary shall require that H–2C workers be paid not less frequently than monthly and at a rate no less than the le-gally required monthly cash wage in an amount as re-determined annually by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) ALLERGY LIMITATION .—An employer engaged in the commercial beekeeping or pollination services industry may require that job applicants be free from bee-related allergies, including allergies to pollen and bee venom. ‘‘(s) F
LEXIBILITY WITHRESPECT TO START  D
ATES .—Upon approval of a petition with re-gard to jobs that are of a temporary or sea-sonal nature, the employer may begin the employment of petitioned-for H–2C workers up to ten months after the first date the em-ployer requires the labor or services of H–2C workers. ‘‘(t) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—In applying section 245 to an alien who is an H–2C worker who was the beneficiary of a waiver under subsection (p)(1)— ‘‘(1) such alien shall be deemed to have been inspected and admitted into the United States; and ‘‘(2) in determining the alien’s admissi-bility as an immigrant, paragraphs (5)(A), (6)(A), (6)(C), (7), (9)(B), and (9)(C)(i)(I) of sec-tion 212(a) shall not apply with respect to conduct that occurred prior to the alien first receiving status as an H-2C worker.’’. (b) A
T-WILLEMPLOYMENT .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 218A (as inserted by subsection (a) of this section) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 218B. AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT OF TEM-PORARY H–2C WORKERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—An employer that is des-ignated as a ‘registered agricultural em-ployer’ pursuant to subsection (c) may em-ploy aliens as H–2C workers. However, an H– 2C worker may only perform labor or serv-ices pursuant to this section if the worker is already lawfully present in the United States as an H–2C worker, having been admitted or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status pursuant to section 218A, and has completed the period of employment specified in the job offer the worker accepted pursuant to sec-tion 218A or the employer has terminated the worker’s employment pursuant to sec-tion 218A(j)(3)(D)(i). An H–2C worker who abandons the employment which was the basis for admission or status pursuant to section 218A may not perform labor or serv-ices pursuant to this section until the work-er has returned to their home country, been readmitted as an H–2C worker pursuant to section 218A and has completed the period of employment specified in the job offer the worker accepted pursuant to section 218A or the employer has terminated the worker’s employment pursuant to section 218A(j)(3)(D)(i). ‘‘(b) P
ERIOD OF STAY.—H–2C workers per-forming at-will labor or services for a reg-istered agricultural employer are subject to the period of admission, limitation of stay in status, and requirement to remain outside the United States contained in subsections (m) and (n) of section 218A, except that sub-section (m)(3)(A) does not apply. ‘‘(c) R
EGISTERED AGRICULTURAL EMPLOY -
ERS.—The Secretary of Agriculture shall es-tablish a process to accept and adjudicate applications by employers to be designated as registered agricultural employers. The Secretary shall require, as a condition of ap-proving the application, the payment of a fee to recover the reasonable cost of processing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5387 June 21, 2018 
the application. The Secretary shall des-ignate an employer as a registered agricul-tural employer if the Secretary determines that the employer— ‘‘(1) employs (or plans to employ) individ-uals who perform agricultural labor or serv-ices; ‘‘(2) has not been subject to debarment from receiving temporary agricultural labor certifications pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) within the last three years; ‘‘(3) has not been subject to disqualifica-tion from the employment of H–2C workers within the last five years; ‘‘(4) agrees to, if employing H–2C workers pursuant to this section, fulfill the attesta-tions contained in section 218A(b) as if it had submitted a petition making those attesta-tions (excluding subsection (j)(3) of such sec-tion) and not to employ H–2C workers who have reached their maximum continuous pe-riod of authorized status under section 218A(m) (subject to the exceptions contained in section 218A(m)(3)) or if the workers have complied with the terms of section 218A(m)(2); and ‘‘(5) agrees to notify the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity each time it employs H–2C workers pur-suant to this section within 72 hours of the commencement of employment and within 72 hours of the cessation of employment. ‘‘(d) L
ENGTH OF DESIGNATION .—An employ-er’s designation as a registered agricultural employer shall be valid for 3 years, and the Secretary may extend such designation for additional 3-year terms upon the reapplica-tion of the employer. The Secretary shall re-voke a designation before the expiration of its 3-year term if the employer is subject to disqualification from the employment of H– 2C workers subsequent to being designated as a registered agricultural employer. ‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary of Agri-culture shall be responsible for conducting investigations and audits, including random audits, of employers to ensure compliance with the requirements of this section. All monetary fines levied against employers shall be paid to the Department of Agri-culture and used to enhance the Department of Agriculture’s investigatory and audit abilities to ensure compliance by employers with their obligations under this section and section 218A. The Secretary of Agriculture’s enforcement powers and an employer’s li-ability described in subsections (h) through (i) of section 218A are applicable to employ-ers employing H–2C workers pursuant to this section.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON FAMILY MEMBERS .—Sec- tion 101(a)(15)(H) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘him;’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘him, except that no spouse or child may be admitted under clause (ii)(c);’’. (d) N
UMERICAL CAP.—Section 214(g)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c)— ‘‘(i) may not exceed 40,000 for aliens issued visas or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status under such section for the purpose of performing agricultural labor or services consisting or meat or poultry processing; ‘‘(ii) except as otherwise provided under this subparagraph, may not exceed 410,000 for aliens issued visas or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status under such section for the purpose of performing agricultural labor or services other than agricultural labor or services consisting of meat or poultry proc-essing; ‘‘(iii) if the base allocation under clause (ii) is exhausted during any fiscal year, the base allocation for that and subsequent fis-cal years shall be increased by the lesser of 10 percent or a percentage representing the number of petitioned-for aliens (as a percent-age of the base allocation) who would be eli-gible to be issued visas or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status described in that clause during that fiscal year but for the base allocation being exhausted, and if the increased base allocation is itself exhausted during a subsequent fiscal year, the base al-location for that and subsequent fiscal years shall be further increased by the lesser of 10 percent or a percentage representing the number of petitioned-for aliens (as a percent-age of the increased base allocation) who would be eligible to be issued visas or other-wise provided nonimmigrant status de-scribed in that clause during that fiscal year but for the increased base allocation being exhausted (subject to clause (iv)); ‘‘(iv) if the base allocation under clause (ii) is not exhausted during any fiscal year, the base allocation under such clause for subse-quent fiscal years shall be decreased by the greater of 5 percent or a percentage rep-resenting the unutilized portion of the base allocation (as a percentage of the base allo-cation) during that fiscal year, and if in a subsequent fiscal year the decreased base al-location is itself not exhausted, the base al-location for fiscal years subsequent to that fiscal year shall be further decreased by the greater of 5 percent or a percentage rep-resenting the unutilized portion of the de-creased base allocation (as a percentage of the decreased base allocation) during that fiscal year (subject to clause (iii) and except that the base allocation shall not fall below 410,000); and ‘‘(v) for purposes of clause (ii), the numer-ical limitations shall not apply to any alien— ‘‘(I) who— ‘‘(aa) was physically present in the United States on October 23, 2017; and ‘‘(bb) performed agricultural labor or serv-ices in the United States for at least 5.75 hours during each of at least 180 days during the 2-year period ending on October 23, 2017; or ‘‘(II) who has previously been issued a visa or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status pursuant to subclause (a) or (b) of section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii), but only to the extent that the alien is being petitioned for by an em-ployer pursuant to section 218A(b) who pre-viously employed the alien pursuant to sub-clause (a) or (b) of section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii) be-ginning no later than October 23, 2017.’’. (e) INTENT .—Section 214(b) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 101(a)(15)(H)(i) except subclause (b1) of such section’’ and in-serting ‘‘clause (i), except subclause (b1), or (ii)(c) of section 101(a)(15)(H)’’. (f) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 218 the following: ‘‘Sec. 218B. At-will employment of tem-porary H–2C workers.’’. 
SEC. 2104. MEDIATION. 
Nonimmigrants having status under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c)) may not bring civil ac-tions for damages against their employers, nor may any other attorneys or individuals bring civil actions for damages on behalf of such nonimmigrants against the non-immigrants’ employers, unless at least 90 days prior to bringing an action a request has been made to the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service to assist the parties in reaching a satisfactory resolution of all issues involving all parties to the dispute and mediation has been attempted. SEC. 2105. MIGRANT AND SEASONAL AGRICUL-TURAL WORKER PROTECTION. 
Section 3(8)(B)(ii) of the Migrant and Sea-sonal Agricultural Worker Protection Act (29 U.S.C. 1802(8)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘under sections 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) and 214(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act.’’ and inserting ‘‘under subclauses (a) and (c) of section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii), and section 214(c), of the Immigration and Nationality Act.’’. 
SEC. 2106. BINDING ARBITRATION. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY .—H–2C workers may, as a condition of employment with an em-ployer, be subject to mandatory binding ar-bitration and mediation of any grievance re-lating to the employment relationship. An employer shall provide any such workers with notice of such condition of employment at the time it makes job offers. (b) A
LLOCATION OF COSTS.—Any cost associ-ated with such arbitration and mediation process shall be equally divided between the employer and the H–2C workers, except that each party shall be responsible for the cost of its own counsel, if any. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section: (1) The term ‘‘condition of employment’’ means a term, condition, obligation, or re-quirement that is part of the job offer, such as the term of employment, job responsibil-ities, employee conduct standards, and the grievance resolution process, and to which applicants or prospective H–2C workers must consent or accept in order to be hired for the position. (2) The term ‘‘H–2C worker’’ means a non-immigrant described in section 218A(a)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by this title. 
SEC. 2107. ELIGIBILITY FOR HEALTH CARE SUB-SIDIES AND REFUNDABLE TAX CREDITS; REQUIRED HEALTH INSUR-ANCE COVERAGE. 
(a) H EALTH CARESUBSIDIES .—H–2C workers (as defined in section 218A(a)(5) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, as added by this title)— (1) are not entitled to the premium assist-ance tax credit authorized under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and shall be subject to the rules applicable to in-dividuals who are not lawfully present set forth in subsection (e) of such section; and (2) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals who are not lawfully present set forth in section 1402(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071(e)). (b) R
EFUNDABLE TAXCREDITS .—H–2C work-ers (as defined in section 218A(a)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by this title), shall not be allowed any credit under sections 24 and 32 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986. In the case of a joint re-turn, no credit shall be allowed under either such section if both spouses are such workers or aliens. (c) R
EQUIREMENT REGARDING HEALTH IN-
SURANCE COVERAGE .—Notwithstanding the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) and State and local wage laws, not later than 21 days after being issued a visa or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c)), an alien must obtain health insurance coverage accepted in their State or States of employment and residence for the period of employment specified in section 218A(b)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. H–2C workers under sec-tions 218A or 218B of the Immigration and Nationality Act who do not obtain and main-tain the required insurance coverage will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5388 June 21, 2018 
considered to have failed to maintain non-immigrant status under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act and shall be subject to re-moval under section 237(a)(1)(C)(i) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)(C)(i)). 
SEC. 2108. STUDY OF ESTABLISHMENT OF AN AG-RICULTURAL WORKER EMPLOY-MENT POOL. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall conduct a study on the feasibility of es-tablishing an agricultural worker employ-ment pool and an electronic Internet-based portal to assist H–2C workers (as such term is defined in section 218A of the Immigration and Nationality Act), prospective H–2C workers, and employers to identify job op-portunities in the H–2C program and willing, able and available workers for the program, respectively. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under subsection (a) shall include an analysis of— (1) the cost of creating such a pool and por-tal; (2) potential funding sources or mecha-nisms to support the creation and mainte-nance of the pool and portal; (3) with respect to H–2C workers and pro-spective H–2C workers in the pool, the data that would be relevant for employers; (4) the merits of assisting H–2C workers and employers in identifying job opportuni-ties and willing, able, and available workers, respectively; and (5) other beneficial uses for such a pool and portal. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report con-taining the results of the study required under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2109. PREVAILING WAGE. 
Section 212(p) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(p)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘subsections (a)(5)(A), (n)(1)(A)(i)(II), and (t)(1)(A)(i)(II)’’ the following: ‘‘of this section and section 218A(j)(2)(B)(ii)’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘subsections (a)(5)(A), (n)(1)(A)(i)(II), and (t)(1)(A)(i)(II)’’ the following: ‘‘of this section and section 218A(j)(2)(B)(ii)’’. 
SEC. 2110. PORTABILITY OF H-2C STATUS. 
Section 214(n)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(n)(1)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b)’’ the following: ‘‘or 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(c)’’. 
SEC. 2111. EFFECTIVE DATES; SUNSET; REGULA-TIONS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES ; REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Sections 2102 and 2104 through 2106 of this title, subsections (a) and (c) through (f) of section 2103 of this title, and the amendments made by the sections, shall take effect on the date on which the Secretary issues the rules under paragraph (3), and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall accept petitions pursuant to section 218A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as inserted by this Act, beginning no later than that date. Sections 2107 and 2109 of this title shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
T-WILL EMPLOYMENT .—Section 2103(b) of this title and the amendments made by that subsection shall take effect when— (A) it becomes unlawful for all persons or other entities to hire, or to recruit or refer for a fee, for employment in the United States an individual (as provided in section 274A(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(a)(1))) without using the verification system set forth in section 274A(d) of such Act, as amended by section 1103 of title I of division B of this Act, to seek verification of the employment eligi-bility of an individual; and (B) such verification system, in providing confirmation of an individual’s employment eligibility, indicates whether an individual is eligible to be employed in all occupations or only to perform agricultural labor or serv-ices as a nonimmigrant who has been issued a visa or otherwise provided nonimmigrant status under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. (3) REGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than the first day of the seventh month that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall issue final rules, on an interim or other basis, to carry out this title. (b) O
PERATION AND SUNSET OF THE H–2A P
ROGRAM .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF EXISTING REGULA -
TIONS .—The Department of Labor H–2A pro-gram regulations published at 73 Federal Register 77110 et seq. (2008) shall be in force for all petitions approved under sections 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) and 218 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(h)(ii)(a); 8 U.S.C. 1188) beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, ex-cept that the following, as in effect on such date, shall remain in effect, and, to the ex-tent that any rule published at 73 Federal Register 77110 et seq. is in conflict, such rule shall have no force and effect: (A) Paragraph (a) and subparagraphs (1) and (3) of paragraph (b) of section 655.200 of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations. (B) Section 655.201 of title 20, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, except the paragraphs enti-tled ‘‘Production of Livestock’’ and ‘‘Range’’. (C) Paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) of section 655.210 of title 20, Code of Federal Regula-tions. (D) Section 655.230 of title 20, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (E) Section 655.235 of title 20, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. (F) The Special Procedures Labor Certifi-cation Process for Employers in the Itinerant Animal Shearing Industry under the H–2A Program in effect under the Train-ing and Employment Guidance Letter No. 17– 06, Change 1, Attachment B, Section II, with an effective date of October 1, 2011. (2) S
UNSET .—Beginning on the date on which employers can file petitions pursuant to section 218A of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, as added by section 2103(a) of this title, no new petitions under sections 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a) and 218 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(a); 8 U.S.C. 1188) shall be ac-cepted. 
SEC. 2112. REPORT ON COMPLIANCE AND VIOLA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the first day on which employers can file petitions pursuant to section 218A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by section 2103(a) of this title, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on compliance by H–2C workers with the requirements of this title and the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, as amended by this title. In the case of a violation of a term or condition of the temporary agricultural work visa program established by this title, the report shall identify the provision or pro-visions of law violated. (b) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘H–2C worker’’ means a non-immigrant described in section 218A(a)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by section 2103(a) of this title. TITLE III—VISA SECURITY SEC. 3101. CANCELLATION OF ADDITIONAL VISAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(g) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and any other non-immigrant visa issued by the United States that is in the possession of the alien’’ after ‘‘such visa’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘(other than the visa described in paragraph (1)) issued in a consular office located in the country of the alien’s nationality’’ and in-serting ‘‘(other than a visa described in para-graph (1)) issued in a consular office located in the country of the alien’s nationality or foreign residence’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to a visa issued before, on, or after such date. 
SEC. 3102. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(f) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and inserting ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reciprocity’’ and all that follows and inserting the following ‘‘may provide to a foreign government information in a De-partment of State computerized visa data-base and, when necessary and appropriate, other records covered by this section related to information in such database—’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) by inserting at the beginning ‘‘on the basis of reciprocity,’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘for the pur-pose of’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘illicit weapons; or’’ and in-serting ‘‘illicit weapons, or (ii) determining a person’s deportability or eligibility for a visa, admission, or other immigration ben-efit;’’; (4) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by inserting at the beginning ‘‘on the basis of reciprocity,’’; (B) by striking ‘‘in the database’’ and in-serting ‘‘such database’’; (C) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-serting ‘‘for one of the purposes’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the database specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3103. RESTRICTING WAIVER OF VISA INTER-VIEWS. 
Section 222(h) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security,’’ after ‘‘if the Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by inserting ‘‘, where such national interest shall not in-clude facilitation of travel of foreign nation-als to the United States, reduction of visa application processing times, or the alloca-tion of consular resources’’ before the semi-colon at the end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5389 June 21, 2018 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (E); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) is an individual— ‘‘(i) determined to be in a class of aliens determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be threats to national security; ‘‘(ii) identified by the Secretary of Home-land Security as a person of concern; or ‘‘(iii) applying for a visa in a visa category with respect to which the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that a waiver of the visa interview would create a high risk of degradation of visa program in-tegrity.’’. 
SEC. 3104. AUTHORIZING THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO NOT INTERVIEW CERTAIN INELIGIBLE VISA APPLICANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(h)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the alien is determined by the Secretary of State to be ineligible for a visa based upon review of the application or’’ after ‘‘unless’’. (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall issue guidance to consular officers on the standards and proc-esses for implementing the authority to deny visa applications without interview in cases where the alien is determined by the Sec-retary of State to be ineligible for a visa based upon review of the application. (c) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each quarter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Congress a report on the denial of visa applications without inter-view, including— (1) the number of such denials; and (2) a post-by-post breakdown of such deni-als. 
SEC. 3105. VISA REFUSAL AND REVOCATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY AND THE SECRETARY OF  S
TATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 428 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 104(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1104(a)) or any other provision of law, and except as provided in subsection (c) and except for the authority of the Sec-retary of State under subparagraphs (A) and (G) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall have exclusive authority to issue regulations, establish policy, and ad-minister and enforce the provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) and all other immigration or na-tionality laws relating to the functions of consular officers of the United States in con-nection with the granting and refusal of a visa; and ‘‘(B) may refuse or revoke any visa to any alien or class of aliens if the Secretary, or designee, determines that such refusal or revocation is necessary or advisable in the security or foreign policy interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of any visa under paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall take effect immediately; and ‘‘(B) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa that is in the alien’s possession. ‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, or any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to review a decision by the Secretary of Homeland Security to refuse or revoke a visa, and no court shall have juris-diction to hear any claim arising from, or any challenge to, such a refusal or revoca-tion. ‘‘(c) AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  S
TATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may direct a consular officer to refuse a visa requested by an alien if the Secretary of State determines such refusal to be nec-essary or advisable in the security or foreign policy interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—No decision by the Sec-retary of State to approve a visa may over-ride a decision by the Secretary of Homeland Security under subsection (b).’’. (2) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  
STATE .—Section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection, except in the context of a removal proceeding if such revocation provides the sole ground for re-moval under section 237(a)(1)(B).’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 237(a)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 221(i)’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to visa refusals and revocations occurring before, on, or after such date. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE HOME-
LAND SECURITY ACT.—Section 428(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘consular office’’ and in-serting ‘‘consular officer’’. 
SEC. 3106. PETITION AND APPLICATION PROC-ESSING FOR VISAS AND IMMIGRA-TION BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 211 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 211A. PETITION AND APPLICATION PROC-ESSING. 
‘‘(a) S IGNATURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No petition or applica-tion filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security or with a consular officer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immi-grant or as a nonimmigrant may be approved unless the petition or application is signed by each party required to sign such petition or application. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS FOR IMMIGRANT VISAS .— Except as may be otherwise prescribed by regulations, each application for an immi-grant visa shall be signed by the applicant in the presence of the consular officer, and verified by the oath of the applicant admin-istered by the consular officer. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLETION REQUIREMENT .—No peti- tion or application filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security or with a consular of-ficer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immigrant or as a non-immigrant may be approved unless each ap-plicable portion of the petition or applica-tion has been completed. ‘‘(c) T
RANSLATION REQUIREMENT .—No docu- ment submitted in support of a petition or application for a nonimmigrant or immi-grant visa may be accepted by a consular of-ficer if such document contains information in a foreign language, unless such document is accompanied by a full English translation, which the translator has certified as com-plete and accurate, and by the translator’s certification that he or she is competent to translate from the foreign language into English. ‘‘(d) REQUESTS FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMA -
TION.—In the case that the Secretary of Homeland Security or a consular officer re-quests any additional information relating to a petition or application filed with the Secretary or consular officer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immigrant or as a nonimmigrant, such petition or appli-cation may not be approved unless all of the additional information requested is provided, or is shown to have been previously provided, in complete form and is provided on or before any reasonably established deadline included in the request.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 211 the following: ‘‘Sec. 211A. Petition and application proc-essing.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to applications and petitions filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3107. FRAUD PREVENTION. 
(a) P ROSPECTIVE ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGY .— (1) P
LAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a plan for the use of advanced ana-lytics software to ensure the proactive detec-tion of fraud in immigration benefits appli-cations and petitions and to ensure that any such applicant or petitioner does not pose a threat to national security. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the submission of the plan under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall begin im-plementation of the plan. (b) B
ENEFITS FRAUD ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, acting through the Fraud De-tection and Nationality Security Direc-torate, shall complete a benefit fraud assess-ment by fiscal year 2021 on each of the fol-lowing: (A) Petitions by VAWA self-petitioners (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(51) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(51)). (B) Applications or petitions for visas or status under section 101(a)(15)(K) of such Act or under section 201(b)(2) of such Act, in the case of spouses (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(K)). (C) Applications for visas or status under section 101(a)(27)(J) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)). (D) Applications for visas or status under section 101(a)(15)(U) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(U)). (E) Petitions for visas or status under sec-tion 101(a)(27)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(C)). (F) Applications for asylum under section 208 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158). (G) Applications for adjustment of status under section 209 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1159). (H) Petitions for visas or status under sec-tion 201(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)). (2) R
EPORTING ON FINDINGS .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of each benefit fraud assessment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate such assessment and rec-ommendations on how to reduce the occur-rence of instances of fraud identified by the assessment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5390 June 21, 2018 
SEC. 3108. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF DRUG TRAFFICKERS. 
Section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘is the spouse, son, or daughter’’ and inserting ‘‘is or has been the spouse, son, or daughter’’; and (2) in subparagraph (H)(ii), by striking ‘‘is the spouse, son, or daughter’’ and inserting ‘‘is or has been the spouse, son, or daughter’’. 
SEC. 3109. DNA TESTING. 
Section 222(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘Where considered necessary, by the consular officer or immigration official, to establish family relationships, the immi-grant shall provide DNA evidence of such a relationship in accordance with procedures established for submitting such evidence. The Secretary and the Secretary of State may, in consultation, issue regulations to re-quire DNA evidence to establish family rela-tionship, from applicants for certain visa classifications.’’ after ‘‘and a certified copy of all other records or documents concerning him or his case which may be required by the consular officer.’’. 
SEC. 3110. ACCESS TO NCIC CRIMINAL HISTORY DATABASE FOR DIPLOMATIC VISAS. 
Subsection (a) of article V of section 217 of the National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40316(V)(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except for diplo-matic visa applications for which only full biographical information is required’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 3111. ELIMINATION OF SIGNED PHOTO-GRAPH REQUIREMENT FOR VISA AP-PLICATIONS. 
Section 221(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(b)) is amended by striking the first sentence and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Each alien who applies for a visa shall be registered in connection with his or her application and shall furnish copies of his or her photograph for such use as may be required by regulation.’’. 
SEC. 3112. ADDITIONAL FRAUD DETECTION AND PREVENTION. 
Section 286(v)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘at United States embassies and consulates abroad’’; (2) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) to increase the number of diplomatic security personnel assigned exclusively or primarily to the function of preventing and detecting visa fraud;’’; and (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, including primarily fraud by applicants for visas de-scribed in subparagraph (H)(i), (H)(ii), or (L) of section 101(a)(15)’’. DIVISION B—INTERIOR IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT TITLE I—LEGAL WORKFORCE ACT 
SEC. 1101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’. 
SEC. 1102. EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 274A(b) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) E
MPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION  P
ROCESS .— ‘‘(1) N
EW HIRES , RECRUITMENT , AND REFER -
RAL.—The requirements referred to in para-graphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) are, in the case of a person or other entity hiring, recruiting, or referring an individual for em-ployment in the United States, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) ATTESTATION AFTER EXAMINATION OF  
DOCUMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) A
TTESTATION .—During the verification period (as defined in subparagraph (E)), the person or entity shall attest, under penalty of perjury and on a form, including elec-tronic and telephonic formats, designated or established by the Secretary by regulation not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, that it has verified that the individual is not an unauthorized alien by— ‘‘(I) obtaining from the individual the indi-vidual’s social security account number or United States passport number and record-ing the number on the form (if the individual claims to have been issued such a number), and, if the individual does not attest to United States nationality under subpara-graph (B), obtaining such identification or authorization number established by the De-partment of Homeland Security for the alien as the Secretary of Homeland Security may specify, and recording such number on the form; and ‘‘(II) examining— ‘‘(aa) a document relating to the individual presenting it described in clause (ii); or ‘‘(bb) a document relating to the individual presenting it described in clause (iii) and a document relating to the individual pre-senting it described in clause (iv). ‘‘(ii) D
OCUMENTS EVIDENCING EMPLOYMENT  
AUTHORIZATION AND ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— A document described in this subparagraph is an individual’s— ‘‘(I) unexpired United States passport or passport card; ‘‘(II) unexpired permanent resident card that contains a photograph; ‘‘(III) unexpired employment authorization card that contains a photograph; ‘‘(IV) in the case of a nonimmigrant alien authorized to work for a specific employer incident to status, a foreign passport with Form I–94 or Form I–94A, or other docu-mentation as designated by the Secretary specifying the alien’s nonimmigrant status as long as the period of status has not yet ex-pired and the proposed employment is not in conflict with any restrictions or limitations identified in the documentation; ‘‘(V) passport from the Federated States of Micronesia (FSM) or the Republic of the Marshall Islands (RMI) with Form I–94 or Form I–94A, or other documentation as des-ignated by the Secretary, indicating non-immigrant admission under the Compact of Free Association Between the United States and the FSM or RMI; or ‘‘(VI) other document designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security, if the docu-ment— ‘‘(aa) contains a photograph of the indi-vidual and biometric identification data from the individual and such other personal identifying information relating to the indi-vidual as the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity finds, by regulation, sufficient for pur-poses of this clause; ‘‘(bb) is evidence of authorization of em-ployment in the United States; and ‘‘(cc) contains security features to make it resistant to tampering, counterfeiting, and fraudulent use. ‘‘(iii) D
OCUMENTS EVIDENCING EMPLOYMENT  
AUTHORIZATION .—A document described in this subparagraph is an individual’s social security account number card (other than such a card which specifies on the face that the issuance of the card does not authorize employment in the United States). ‘‘(iv) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY OF  
INDIVIDUAL .—A document described in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(I) an individual’s unexpired driver’s li-cense or identification card if it was issued by a State or American Samoa and contains a photograph and information such as name, date of birth, gender, height, eye color, and address; ‘‘(II) an individual’s unexpired U.S. mili-tary identification card; ‘‘(III) an individual’s unexpired Native American tribal identification document issued by a tribal entity recognized by the Bureau of Indian Affairs; or ‘‘(IV) in the case of an individual under 18 years of age, a parent or legal guardian’s at-testation under penalty of law as to the iden-tity and age of the individual. ‘‘(v) AUTHORITY TO PROHIBIT USE OF CERTAIN  
DOCUMENTS .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security finds, by regulation, that any docu-ment described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) as establishing employment authorization or identity does not reliably establish such au-thorization or identity or is being used fraudulently to an unacceptable degree, the Secretary may prohibit or place conditions on its use for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(vi) S
IGNATURE .—Such attestation may be manifested by either a handwritten or elec-tronic signature. ‘‘(B) I
NDIVIDUAL ATTESTATION OF EMPLOY -
MENT AUTHORIZATION .—During the verification period (as defined in subpara-graph (E)), the individual shall attest, under penalty of perjury on the form designated or established for purposes of subparagraph (A), that the individual is a citizen or national of the United States, an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence, or an alien who is authorized under this Act or by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to be hired, re-cruited, or referred for such employment. Such attestation may be manifested by ei-ther a handwritten or electronic signature. The individual shall also provide that indi-vidual’s social security account number or United States passport number (if the indi-vidual claims to have been issued such a number), and, if the individual does not at-test to United States nationality under this subparagraph, such identification or author-ization number established by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the alien as the Secretary may specify. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF VERIFICATION FORM AND  
VERIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—After completion of such form in accordance with subparagraphs (A) and (B), the person or entity shall— ‘‘(I) retain a paper, microfiche, microfilm, or electronic version of the form and make it available for inspection by officers of the De-partment of Homeland Security, the Depart-ment of Justice, or the Department of Labor during a period beginning on the date of the recruiting or referral of the individual, or, in the case of the hiring of an individual, the date on which the verification is completed, and ending— ‘‘(aa) in the case of the recruiting or refer-ral of an individual, 3 years after the date of the recruiting or referral; and ‘‘(bb) in the case of the hiring of an indi-vidual, the later of 3 years after the date the verification is completed or one year after the date the individual’s employment is ter-minated; and ‘‘(II) during the verification period (as de-fined in subparagraph (E)), make an inquiry, as provided in subsection (d), using the verification system to seek verification of the identity and employment eligibility of an individual. ‘‘(ii) C
ONFIRMATION .— ‘‘(I) C
ONFIRMATION RECEIVED .—If the person or other entity receives an appropriate con-firmation of an individual’s identity and work eligibility under the verification sys-tem within the time period specified, the person or entity shall record on the form an appropriate code that is provided under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5391 June 21, 2018 
system and that indicates a final confirma-tion of such identity and work eligibility of the individual. ‘‘(II) T
ENTATIVE NONCONFIRMATION RE -
CEIVED .—If the person or other entity re-ceives a tentative nonconfirmation of an in-dividual’s identity or work eligibility under the verification system within the time pe-riod specified, the person or entity shall so inform the individual for whom the verification is sought. If the individual does not contest the nonconfirmation within the time period specified, the nonconfirmation shall be considered final. The person or enti-ty shall then record on the form an appro-priate code which has been provided under the system to indicate a final nonconfirma-tion. If the individual does contest the non-confirmation, the individual shall utilize the process for secondary verification provided under subsection (d). The nonconfirmation will remain tentative until a final confirma-tion or nonconfirmation is provided by the verification system within the time period specified. In no case shall an employer ter-minate employment of an individual because of a failure of the individual to have identity and work eligibility confirmed under this section until a nonconfirmation becomes final. Nothing in this clause shall apply to a termination of employment for any reason other than because of such a failure. In no case shall an employer rescind the offer of employment to an individual because of a failure of the individual to have identity and work eligibility confirmed under this sub-section until a nonconfirmation becomes final. Nothing in this subclause shall apply to a rescission of the offer of employment for any reason other than because of such a fail-ure. ‘‘(III) F
INAL CONFIRMATION OR NONCON -
FIRMATION RECEIVED .—If a final confirmation or nonconfirmation is provided by the verification system regarding an individual, the person or entity shall record on the form an appropriate code that is provided under the system and that indicates a confirmation or nonconfirmation of identity and work eli-gibility of the individual. ‘‘(IV) E
XTENSION OF TIME .—If the person or other entity in good faith attempts to make an inquiry during the time period specified and the verification system has registered that not all inquiries were received during such time, the person or entity may make an inquiry in the first subsequent working day in which the verification system registers that it has received all inquiries. If the verification system cannot receive inquiries at all times during a day, the person or enti-ty merely has to assert that the entity at-tempted to make the inquiry on that day for the previous sentence to apply to such an in-quiry, and does not have to provide any addi-tional proof concerning such inquiry. ‘‘(V) C
ONSEQUENCES OF NONCONFIRMATION .— ‘‘(aa) T
ERMINATION OR NOTIFICATION OF CON -
TINUED EMPLOYMENT .—If the person or other entity has received a final nonconfirmation regarding an individual, the person or entity may terminate employment of the individual (or decline to recruit or refer the individual). If the person or entity does not terminate employment of the individual or proceeds to recruit or refer the individual, the person or entity shall notify the Secretary of Home-land Security of such fact through the verification system or in such other manner as the Secretary may specify. ‘‘(bb) F
AILURE TO NOTIFY .—If the person or entity fails to provide notice with respect to an individual as required under item (aa), the failure is deemed to constitute a viola-tion of subsection (a)(1)(A) with respect to that individual. ‘‘(VI) C
ONTINUED EMPLOYMENT AFTER FINAL  
NONCONFIRMATION .—If the person or other en-tity continues to employ (or to recruit or refer) an individual after receiving final non-confirmation, a rebuttable presumption is created that the person or entity has vio-lated subsection (a)(1)(A). ‘‘(D) EFFECTIVE DATES OF NEW PROCE -
DURES .— ‘‘(i) H
IRING .—Except as provided in clause (iii), the provisions of this paragraph shall apply to a person or other entity hiring an individual for employment in the United States as follows: ‘‘(I) With respect to employers having 10,000 or more employees in the United States on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, on the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(II) With respect to employers having 500 or more employees in the United States, but less than 10,000 employees in the United States, on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, on the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(III) With respect to employers having 20 or more employees in the United States, but less than 500 employees in the United States, on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(IV) With respect to employers having 1 or more employees in the United States, but less than 20 employees in the United States, on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, on the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(ii) R
ECRUITING AND REFERRING .—Except as provided in clause (iii), the provisions of this paragraph shall apply to a person or other entity recruiting or referring an indi-vidual for employment in the United States on the date that is 12 months after the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act. ‘‘(iii) A
GRICULTURAL LABOR OR SERVICES .— With respect to an employee performing ag-ricultural labor or services, this paragraph shall not apply with respect to the verification of the employee until the date that is 24 months after the date of the enact-ment of the Legal Workforce Act. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘agricultural labor or services’ has the mean-ing given such term by the Secretary of Ag-riculture in regulations and includes agricul-tural labor as defined in section 3121(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, agriculture as defined in section 3(f) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(f)), the handling, planting, drying, packing, pack-aging, processing, freezing, or grading prior to delivery for storage of any agricultural or horticultural commodity in its unmanufac-tured state, all activities required for the preparation, processing or manufacturing of a product of agriculture (as such term is de-fined in such section 3(f)) for further dis-tribution, and activities similar to all the foregoing as they relate to fish or shellfish facilities. An employee described in this clause shall not be counted for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(iv) E
XTENSIONS .—Upon request by an em-ployer having 50 or fewer employees, the Sec-retary shall allow a one-time 6-month exten-sion of the effective date set out in this sub-paragraph applicable to such employer. Such request shall be made to the Secretary and shall be made prior to such effective date. ‘‘(v) T
RANSITION RULE .—Subject to para-graph (4), the following shall apply to a per-son or other entity hiring, recruiting, or re-ferring an individual for employment in the United States until the effective date or dates applicable under clauses (i) through (iii): ‘‘(I) This subsection, as in effect before the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act. ‘‘(II) Subtitle A of title IV of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), as in effect before the effective date in section 7(c) of the Legal Workforce Act. ‘‘(III) Any other provision of Federal law requiring the person or entity to participate in the E-Verify Program described in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), as in effect before the ef-fective date in section 7(c) of the Legal Workforce Act, including Executive Order 13465 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note; relating to Govern-ment procurement). ‘‘(E) VERIFICATION PERIOD DEFINED .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(I) In the case of recruitment or referral, the term ‘verification period’ means the pe-riod ending on the date recruiting or refer-ring commences. ‘‘(II) In the case of hiring, the term ‘verification period’ means the period begin-ning on the date on which an offer of em-ployment is extended and ending on the date that is three business days after the date of hire, except as provided in clause (iii). The offer of employment may be conditioned in accordance with clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) J
OB OFFER MAY BE CONDITIONAL .—A person or other entity may offer a prospec-tive employee an employment position that is conditioned on final verification of the identity and employment eligibility of the employee using the procedures established under this paragraph. ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding clause (i)(II), in the case of an alien who is authorized for employment and who provides evidence from the Social Security Adminis-tration that the alien has applied for a social security account number, the verification period ends three business days after the alien receives the social security account number. ‘‘(2) R
EVERIFICATION FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH  
LIMITED WORK AUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), a person or entity shall make an inquiry, as provided in subsection (d), using the verification system to seek reverification of the identity and employ-ment eligibility of all individuals with a lim-ited period of work authorization employed by the person or entity during the three business days after the date on which the employee’s work authorization expires as follows: ‘‘(i) With respect to employers having 10,000 or more employees in the United States on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, beginning on the date that is 6 months after the date of the enact-ment of such Act. ‘‘(ii) With respect to employers having 500 or more employees in the United States, but less than 10,000 employees in the United States, on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, beginning on the date that is 12 months after the date of the enact-ment of such Act. ‘‘(iii) With respect to employers having 20 or more employees in the United States, but less than 500 employees in the United States, on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, beginning on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(iv) With respect to employers having 1 or more employees in the United States, but less than 20 employees in the United States, on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, beginning on the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of such Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5392 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(B) A GRICULTURAL LABOR OR SERVICES .— With respect to an employee performing ag-ricultural labor or services, or an employee recruited or referred by a farm labor con-tractor (as defined in section 3 of the Mi-grant and Seasonal Agricultural Worker Pro-tection Act (29 U.S.C. 1801)), subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to the reverification of the employee until the date that is 24 months after the date of the enact-ment of the Legal Workforce Act. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘agricultural labor or services’ has the mean-ing given such term by the Secretary of Ag-riculture in regulations and includes agricul-tural labor as defined in section 3121(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, agriculture as defined in section 3(f) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 203(f)), the handling, planting, drying, packing, pack-aging, processing, freezing, or grading prior to delivery for storage of any agricultural or horticultural commodity in its unmanufac-tured state, all activities required for the preparation, processing, or manufacturing of a product of agriculture (as such term is de-fined in such section 3(f)) for further dis-tribution, and activities similar to all the foregoing as they relate to fish or shellfish facilities. An employee described in this sub-paragraph shall not be counted for purposes of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) R
EVERIFICATION .—Paragraph (1)(C)(ii) shall apply to reverifications pursuant to this paragraph on the same basis as it ap-plies to verifications pursuant to paragraph (1), except that employers shall— ‘‘(i) use a form designated or established by the Secretary by regulation for purposes of this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) retain a paper, microfiche, microfilm, or electronic version of the form and make it available for inspection by officers of the De-partment of Homeland Security, the Depart-ment of Justice, or the Department of Labor during the period beginning on the date the reverification commences and ending on the date that is the later of 3 years after the date of such reverification or 1 year after the date the individual’s employment is terminated. ‘‘(3) P
REVIOUSLY HIRED INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(A) O
N A MANDATORY BASIS FOR CERTAIN  
EMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the date that is 6 months after the date of the enact-ment of the Legal Workforce Act, an em-ployer shall make an inquiry, as provided in subsection (d), using the verification system to seek verification of the identity and em-ployment eligibility of any individual de-scribed in clause (ii) employed by the em-ployer whose employment eligibility has not been verified under the E-Verify Program de-scribed in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note). ‘‘(ii) I
NDIVIDUALS DESCRIBED .—An indi-vidual described in this clause is any of the following: ‘‘(I) An employee of any unit of a Federal, State, or local government. ‘‘(II) An employee who requires a Federal security clearance working in a Federal, State or local government building, a mili-tary base, a nuclear energy site, a weapons site, or an airport or other facility that re-quires workers to carry a Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC). ‘‘(III) An employee assigned to perform work in the United States under a Federal contract, except that this subclause— ‘‘(aa) is not applicable to individuals who have a clearance under Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 (HSPD 12 clear-ance), are administrative or overhead per-sonnel, or are working solely on contracts that provide Commercial Off The Shelf goods or services as set forth by the Federal Acqui-sition Regulatory Council, unless they are subject to verification under subclause (II); and ‘‘(bb) only applies to contracts over the simple acquisition threshold as defined in section 2.101 of title 48, Code of Federal Reg-ulations. ‘‘(B) ON A MANDATORY BASIS FOR MULTIPLE  
USERS OF SAME SOCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT  
NUMBER .—In the case of an employer who is required by this subsection to use the verification system described in subsection (d), or has elected voluntarily to use such system, the employer shall make inquiries to the system in accordance with the following: ‘‘(i) The Commissioner of Social Security shall notify annually employees (at the em-ployee address listed on the Wage and Tax Statement) who submit a social security ac-count number to which more than one em-ployer reports income and for which there is a pattern of unusual multiple use. The noti-fication letter shall identify the number of employers to which income is being reported as well as sufficient information notifying the employee of the process to contact the Social Security Administration Fraud Hot-line if the employee believes the employee’s identity may have been stolen. The notice shall not share information protected as pri-vate, in order to avoid any recipient of the notice from being in the position to further commit or begin committing identity theft. ‘‘(ii) If the person to whom the social secu-rity account number was issued by the So-cial Security Administration has been iden-tified and confirmed by the Commissioner, and indicates that the social security ac-count number was used without their knowl-edge, the Secretary and the Commissioner shall lock the social security account num-ber for employment eligibility verification purposes and shall notify the employers of the individuals who wrongfully submitted the social security account number that the employee may not be work eligible. ‘‘(iii) Each employer receiving such notifi-cation of an incorrect social security ac-count number under clause (ii) shall use the verification system described in subsection (d) to check the work eligibility status of the applicable employee within 10 business days of receipt of the notification. ‘‘(C) O
N A VOLUNTARY BASIS .—Subject to paragraph (2), and subparagraphs (A) through (C) of this paragraph, beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, an employer may make an inquiry, as provided in subsection (d), using the verification sys-tem to seek verification of the identity and employment eligibility of any individual em-ployed by the employer. If an employer chooses voluntarily to seek verification of any individual employed by the employer, the employer shall seek verification of all in-dividuals employed at the same geographic location or, at the option of the employer, all individuals employed within the same job category, as the employee with respect to whom the employer seeks voluntarily to use the verification system. An employer’s deci-sion about whether or not voluntarily to seek verification of its current workforce under this subparagraph may not be consid-ered by any government agency in any pro-ceeding, investigation, or review provided for in this Act. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFICATION .—Paragraph (1)(C)(ii) shall apply to verifications pursuant to this paragraph on the same basis as it applies to verifications pursuant to paragraph (1), ex-cept that employers shall— ‘‘(i) use a form designated or established by the Secretary by regulation for purposes of this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) retain a paper, microfiche, microfilm, or electronic version of the form and make it available for inspection by officers of the De-partment of Homeland Security, the Depart-ment of Justice, or the Department of Labor during the period beginning on the date the verification commences and ending on the date that is the later of 3 years after the date of such verification or 1 year after the date the individual’s employment is terminated. ‘‘(4) EARLY COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) F
ORMER E -VERIFY REQUIRED USERS , IN-
CLUDING FEDERAL CONTRACTORS .—Notwith- standing the deadlines in paragraphs (1) and (2), beginning on the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, the Secretary is authorized to commence requiring employers required to participate in the E-Verify Pro-gram described in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), in-cluding employers required to participate in such program by reason of Federal acquisi-tion laws (and regulations promulgated under those laws, including the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation), to commence compli-ance with the requirements of this sub-section (and any additional requirements of such Federal acquisition laws and regula-tion) in lieu of any requirement to partici-pate in the E-Verify Program. ‘‘(B) F
ORMER E -VERIFY VOLUNTARY USERS  
AND OTHERS DESIRING EARLY COMPLIANCE .— Notwithstanding the deadlines in paragraphs (1) and (2), beginning on the date of the en-actment of the Legal Workforce Act, the Secretary shall provide for the voluntary compliance with the requirements of this subsection by employers voluntarily electing to participate in the E-Verify Program de-scribed in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) before such date, as well as by other employers seeking voluntary early compliance. ‘‘(5) C
OPYING OF DOCUMENTATION PER -
MITTED .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, the person or entity may copy a document presented by an individual pursu-ant to this subsection and may retain the copy, but only (except as otherwise per-mitted under law) for the purpose of com-plying with the requirements of this sub-section. ‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FORMS .—A form designated or established by the Secretary of Homeland Security under this subsection and any information contained in or ap-pended to such form, may not be used for purposes other than for enforcement of this Act and any other provision of Federal criminal law. ‘‘(7) G
OOD FAITH COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, a person or entity is considered to have complied with a require-ment of this subsection notwithstanding a technical or procedural failure to meet such requirement if there was a good faith at-tempt to comply with the requirement. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION IF FAILURE TO CORRECT  
AFTER NOTICE .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply if— ‘‘(i) the failure is not de minimus; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Homeland Security has explained to the person or entity the basis for the failure and why it is not de minimus; ‘‘(iii) the person or entity has been pro-vided a period of not less than 30 calendar days (beginning after the date of the expla-nation) within which to correct the failure; and ‘‘(iv) the person or entity has not corrected the failure voluntarily within such period. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR PATTERN OR PRACTICE  
VIOLATORS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a person or entity that has or is en-gaging in a pattern or practice of violations of subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5393 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(8) S INGLE EXTENSION OF DEADLINES UPON  
CERTIFICATION .—In a case in which the Sec-retary of Homeland Security has certified to the Congress that the employment eligi-bility verification system required under subsection (d) will not be fully operational by the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Legal Workforce Act, each deadline established under this section for an employer to make an inquiry using such system shall be extended by 6 months. No other extension of such a deadline shall be made except as authorized under para-graph (1)(D)(iv).’’. (b) D
ATE OF HIRE.—Section 274A(h) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF DATE OF HIRE .—As used in this section, the term ‘date of hire’ means the date of actual commencement of employ-ment for wages or other remuneration, un-less otherwise specified.’’. 
SEC. 1103. EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION SYSTEM. 
Section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) E
MPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION  S
YSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Patterned on the em-ployment eligibility confirmation system es-tablished under section 404 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall estab-lish and administer a verification system through which the Secretary (or a designee of the Secretary, which may be a nongovern-mental entity)— ‘‘(A) responds to inquiries made by persons at any time through a toll-free telephone line and other toll-free electronic media con-cerning an individual’s identity and whether the individual is authorized to be employed; and ‘‘(B) maintains records of the inquiries that were made, of verifications provided (or not provided), and of the codes provided to inquirers as evidence of their compliance with their obligations under this section. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL RESPONSE .—The verification system shall provide confirmation or a ten-tative nonconfirmation of an individual’s identity and employment eligibility within 3 working days of the initial inquiry. If pro-viding confirmation or tentative noncon-firmation, the verification system shall pro-vide an appropriate code indicating such confirmation or such nonconfirmation. ‘‘(3) S
ECONDARY CONFIRMATION PROCESS IN  
CASE OF TENTATIVE NONCONFIRMATION .—In cases of tentative nonconfirmation, the Sec-retary shall specify, in consultation with the Commissioner of Social Security, an avail-able secondary verification process to con-firm the validity of information provided and to provide a final confirmation or non-confirmation not later than 10 working days after the date on which the notice of the ten-tative nonconfirmation is received by the employee. The Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner, may extend this deadline once on a case-by-case basis for a period of 10 working days, and if the time is extended, shall document such extension within the verification system. The Sec-retary, in consultation with the Commis-sioner, shall notify the employee and em-ployer of such extension. The Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner, shall create a standard process of such extension and notification and shall make a descrip-tion of such process available to the public. When final confirmation or nonconfirmation is provided, the verification system shall provide an appropriate code indicating such confirmation or nonconfirmation. ‘‘(4) DESIGN AND OPERATION OF SYSTEM .— The verification system shall be designed and operated— ‘‘(A) to maximize its reliability and ease of use by persons and other entities consistent with insulating and protecting the privacy and security of the underlying information; ‘‘(B) to respond to all inquiries made by such persons and entities on whether individ-uals are authorized to be employed and to register all times when such inquiries are not received; ‘‘(C) with appropriate administrative, tech-nical, and physical safeguards to prevent un-authorized disclosure of personal informa-tion; ‘‘(D) to have reasonable safeguards against the system’s resulting in unlawful discrimi-natory practices based on national origin or citizenship status, including— ‘‘(i) the selective or unauthorized use of the system to verify eligibility; or ‘‘(ii) the exclusion of certain individuals from consideration for employment as a re-sult of a perceived likelihood that additional verification will be required, beyond what is required for most job applicants; ‘‘(E) to maximize the prevention of iden-tity theft use in the system; and ‘‘(F) to limit the subjects of verification to the following individuals: ‘‘(i) Individuals hired, referred, or re-cruited, in accordance with paragraph (1) or (4) of subsection (b). ‘‘(ii) Employees and prospective employ-ees, in accordance with paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of subsection (b). ‘‘(iii) Individuals seeking to confirm their own employment eligibility on a voluntary basis. ‘‘(5) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COMMISSIONER OF  
SOCIAL SECURITY .—As part of the verification system, the Commissioner of Social Secu-rity, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security (and any designee of the Secretary selected to establish and admin-ister the verification system), shall establish a reliable, secure method, which, within the time periods specified under paragraphs (2) and (3), compares the name and social secu-rity account number provided in an inquiry against such information maintained by the Commissioner in order to validate (or not validate) the information provided regarding an individual whose identity and employ-ment eligibility must be confirmed, the cor-respondence of the name and number, and whether the individual has presented a social security account number that is not valid for employment. The Commissioner shall not disclose or release social security informa-tion (other than such confirmation or non-confirmation) under the verification system except as provided for in this section or sec-tion 205(c)(2)(I) of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(6) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF SECRETARY OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY .—As part of the verification system, the Secretary of Home-land Security (in consultation with any des-ignee of the Secretary selected to establish and administer the verification system), shall establish a reliable, secure method, which, within the time periods specified under paragraphs (2) and (3), compares the name and alien identification or authoriza-tion number (or any other information as de-termined relevant by the Secretary) which are provided in an inquiry against such in-formation maintained or accessed by the Secretary in order to validate (or not vali-date) the information provided, the cor-respondence of the name and number, wheth-er the alien is authorized to be employed in the United States, or to the extent that the Secretary determines to be feasible and ap-propriate, whether the records available to the Secretary verify the identity or status of a national of the United States. ‘‘(7) UPDATING INFORMATION .—The Commis-sioner of Social Security and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall update their in-formation in a manner that promotes the maximum accuracy and shall provide a proc-ess for the prompt correction of erroneous information, including instances in which it is brought to their attention in the sec-ondary verification process described in paragraph (3). ‘‘(8) L
IMITATION ON USE OF THE VERIFICATION  
SYSTEM AND ANY RELATED SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) N
O NATIONAL IDENTIFICATION CARD .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize, directly or indirectly, the issuance or use of national identification cards or the establishment of a national identification card. ‘‘(B) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The Sec- retary may authorize or direct any person or entity responsible for granting access to, protecting, securing, operating, admin-istering, or regulating part of the critical in-frastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))) to use the verification system to the extent the Sec-retary determines that such use will assist in the protection of the critical infrastruc-ture. ‘‘(9) R
EMEDIES .—If an individual alleges that the individual would not have been dis-missed from a job but for an error of the verification mechanism, the individual may seek compensation only through the mecha-nism of the Federal Tort Claims Act, and in-junctive relief to correct such error. No class action may be brought under this para-graph.’’. 
SEC. 1104. RECRUITMENT, REFERRAL, AND CON-TINUATION OF EMPLOYMENT. 
(a) A DDITIONAL CHANGES TO RULES FOR RE-
CRUITMENT , REFERRAL , ANDCONTINUATION OF  E
MPLOYMENT .—Section 274A(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘for a fee’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) to hire, continue to employ, or to re-cruit or refer for employment in the United States an individual without complying with the requirements of subsection (b).’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘after hir-ing an alien for employment in accordance with paragraph (1),’’ and inserting ‘‘after complying with paragraph (1),’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—Section 274A(h) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)), as amended by this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF RECRUIT OR REFER .—As used in this section, the term ‘refer’ means the act of sending or directing a person who is in the United States or transmitting docu-mentation or information to another, di-rectly or indirectly, with the intent of ob-taining employment in the United States for such person. Only persons or entities refer-ring for remuneration (whether on a retainer or contingency basis) are included in the def-inition, except that union hiring halls that refer union members or nonunion individuals who pay union membership dues are included in the definition whether or not they receive remuneration, as are labor service entities or labor service agencies, whether public, pri-vate, for-profit, or nonprofit, that refer, dis-patch, or otherwise facilitate the hiring of laborers for any period of time by a third party. As used in this section, the term ‘re-cruit’ means the act of soliciting a person who is in the United States, directly or indi-rectly, and referring the person to another with the intent of obtaining employment for that person. Only persons or entities refer-ring for remuneration (whether on a retainer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5394 June 21, 2018 
or contingency basis) are included in the def-inition, except that union hiring halls that refer union members or nonunion individuals who pay union membership dues are included in this definition whether or not they receive remuneration, as are labor service entities or labor service agencies, whether public, pri-vate, for-profit, or nonprofit that recruit, dispatch, or otherwise facilitate the hiring of laborers for any period of time by a third party.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, except that the amend-ments made by subsection (a) shall take ef-fect 6 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act insofar as such amendments relate to continuation of employment. 
SEC. 1105. GOOD FAITH DEFENSE. 
Section 274A(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(a)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) G
OOD FAITH DEFENSE .— ‘‘(A) D
EFENSE .—An employer (or person or entity that hires, employs, recruits, or refers (as defined in subsection (h)(5)), or is other-wise obligated to comply with this section) who establishes that it has complied in good faith with the requirements of subsection (b)— ‘‘(i) shall not be liable to a job applicant, an employee, the Federal Government, or a State or local government, under Federal, State, or local criminal or civil law for any employment-related action taken with re-spect to a job applicant or employee in good- faith reliance on information provided through the system established under sub-section (d); and ‘‘(ii) has established compliance with its obligations under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) and subsection (b) absent a showing by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, by clear and convincing evidence, that the employer had knowledge that an em-ployee is an unauthorized alien. ‘‘(B) M
ITIGATION ELEMENT .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i), if an employer proves by a preponderance of the evidence that the em-ployer uses a reasonable, secure, and estab-lished technology to authenticate the iden-tity of the new employee, that fact shall be taken into account for purposes of deter-mining good faith use of the system estab-lished under subsection (d). ‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO SEEK AND OBTAIN  
VERIFICATION .—Subject to the effective dates and other deadlines applicable under sub-section (b), in the case of a person or entity in the United States that hires, or continues to employ, an individual, or recruits or re-fers an individual for employment, the fol-lowing requirements apply: ‘‘(i) F
AILURE TO SEEK VERIFICATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—If the person or entity has not made an inquiry, under the mecha-nism established under subsection (d) and in accordance with the timeframes established under subsection (b), seeking verification of the identity and work eligibility of the indi-vidual, the defense under subparagraph (A) shall not be considered to apply with respect to any employment, except as provided in subclause (II). ‘‘(II) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FAILURE OF  
VERIFICATION MECHANISM .—If such a person or entity in good faith attempts to make an in-quiry in order to qualify for the defense under subparagraph (A) and the verification mechanism has registered that not all in-quiries were responded to during the rel-evant time, the person or entity can make an inquiry until the end of the first subse-quent working day in which the verification mechanism registers no nonresponses and qualify for such defense. ‘‘(ii) FAILURE TO OBTAIN VERIFICATION .—If the person or entity has made the inquiry described in clause (i)(I) but has not received an appropriate verification of such identity and work eligibility under such mechanism within the time period specified under sub-section (d)(2) after the time the verification inquiry was received, the defense under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be considered to apply with respect to any employment after the end of such time period.’’. 
SEC. 1106. PREEMPTION AND STATES’ RIGHTS. 
Section 274A(h)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
REEMPTION .— ‘‘(A) S
INGLE , NATIONAL POLICY .—The provi-sions of this section preempt any State or local law, ordinance, policy, or rule, includ-ing any criminal or civil fine or penalty structure, insofar as they may now or here-after relate to the hiring, continued employ-ment, or status verification for employment eligibility purposes, of unauthorized aliens. ‘‘(B) S
TATE ENFORCEMENT OF FEDERAL  
LAW.— ‘‘(i) B
USINESS LICENSING .—A State, local-ity, municipality, or political subdivision may exercise its authority over business li-censing and similar laws as a penalty for failure to use the verification system de-scribed in subsection (d) to verify employ-ment eligibility when and as required under subsection (b). ‘‘(ii) G
ENERAL RULES .—A State, at its own cost, may enforce the provisions of this sec-tion, but only insofar as such State follows the Federal regulations implementing this section, applies the Federal penalty struc-ture set out in this section, and complies with all Federal rules and guidance con-cerning implementation of this section. Such State may collect any fines assessed under this section. An employer may not be subject to enforcement, including audit and inves-tigation, by both a Federal agency and a State for the same violation under this sec-tion. Whichever entity, the Federal agency or the State, is first to initiate the enforce-ment action, has the right of first refusal to proceed with the enforcement action. The Secretary must provide copies of all guid-ance, training, and field instructions pro-vided to Federal officials implementing the provisions of this section to each State.’’. 
SEC. 1107. REPEAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title IV of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is repealed. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any Federal law, Executive order, rule, regula-tion, or delegation of authority, or any docu-ment of, or pertaining to, the Department of Homeland Security, Department of Justice, or the Social Security Administration, to the employment eligibility confirmation sys-tem established under section 404 of the Ille-gal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is deemed to refer to the employment eligi-bility confirmation system established under section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act, as amended by this title. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections, in section 1(d) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996, is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle A of title IV. 
SEC. 1108. PENALTIES. 
Section 274A of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘Serv-ice’’ and inserting ‘‘Department of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subsection (e)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter be-fore clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraph (10),’’ after ‘‘in an amount’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘not less than $250 and not more than $2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $2,500 and not more than $5,000’’; (C) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘not less than $2,000 and not more than $5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $5,000 and not more than $10,000’’; (D) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘not less than $3,000 and not more than $10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than $10,000 and not more than $25,000’’; and (E) by moving the margin of the continu-ation text following subparagraph (B) two ems to the left and by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) may require the person or entity to take such other remedial action as is appro-priate.’’; (3) in subsection (e)(5)— (A) in the paragraph heading, strike ‘‘PA-
PERWORK ’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraphs (10) through (12),’’ after ‘‘in an amount’’; (C) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000’’; (D) by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Failure by a person or entity to utilize the employment eligibility verification system as required by law, or providing information to the system that the person or entity knows or reasonably believes to be false, shall be treated as a violation of subsection (a)(1)(A).’’; (4) by adding at the end of subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(10) E
XEMPTION FROM PENALTY FOR GOOD  
FAITH VIOLATION .—In the case of imposition of a civil penalty under paragraph (4)(A) with respect to a violation of subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2) for hiring or continuation of em-ployment or recruitment or referral by per-son or entity and in the case of imposition of a civil penalty under paragraph (5) for a vio-lation of subsection (a)(1)(B) for hiring or re-cruitment or referral by a person or entity, the penalty otherwise imposed may be waived or reduced if the violator establishes that the violator acted in good faith. ‘‘(11) M
ITIGATION ELEMENT .—For purposes of paragraph (4), the size of the business shall be taken into account when assessing the level of civil money penalty. ‘‘(12) A
UTHORITY TO DEBAR EMPLOYERS FOR  
CERTAIN VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a person or entity is determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be a repeat violator of paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of subsection (a), or is convicted of a crime under this section, such person or entity may be considered for debarment from the receipt of Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements in accordance with the debarment standards and pursuant to the debarment procedures set forth in the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(B) D
OES NOT HAVE CONTRACT , GRANT , 
AGREEMENT .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General wishes to have a person or entity considered for debar-ment in accordance with this paragraph, and such an person or entity does not hold a Fed-eral contract, grant or cooperative agree-ment, the Secretary or Attorney General shall refer the matter to the Administrator of General Services to determine whether to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5395 June 21, 2018 
list the person or entity on the List of Par-ties Excluded from Federal Procurement, and if so, for what duration and under what scope. ‘‘(C) H
AS CONTRACT , GRANT , AGREEMENT .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General wishes to have a person or entity considered for debarment in accord-ance with this paragraph, and such person or entity holds a Federal contract, grant or co-operative agreement, the Secretary or Attor-ney General shall advise all agencies or de-partments holding a contract, grant, or co-operative agreement with the person or enti-ty of the Government’s interest in having the person or entity considered for debar-ment, and after soliciting and considering the views of all such agencies and depart-ments, the Secretary or Attorney General may refer the matter to any appropriate lead agency to determine whether to list the per-son or entity on the List of Parties Excluded from Federal Procurement, and if so, for what duration and under what scope. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW .—Any decision to debar a per-son or entity in accordance with this para-graph shall be reviewable pursuant to part 9.4 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(13) O
FFICE FOR STATE AND LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT COMPLAINTS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish an office— ‘‘(A) to which State and local government agencies may submit information indicating potential violations of subsection (a), (b), or (g)(1) that were generated in the normal course of law enforcement or the normal course of other official activities in the State or locality; ‘‘(B) that is required to indicate to the complaining State or local agency within five business days of the filing of such a com-plaint by identifying whether the Secretary will further investigate the information pro-vided; ‘‘(C) that is required to investigate those complaints filed by State or local govern-ment agencies that, on their face, have a substantial probability of validity; ‘‘(D) that is required to notify the com-plaining State or local agency of the results of any such investigation conducted; and ‘‘(E) that is required to report to the Con-gress annually the number of complaints re-ceived under this paragraph, the States and localities that filed such complaints, and the resolution of the complaints investigated by the Secretary.’’; and (5) by amending paragraph (1) of subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .—Any person or en-tity which engages in a pattern or practice of violations of subsection (a)(1) or (2) shall be fined not more than $5,000 for each unau-thorized alien with respect to which such a violation occurs, imprisoned for not more than 18 months, or both, notwithstanding the provisions of any other Federal law re-lating to fine levels.’’. 
SEC. 1109. FRAUD AND MISUSE OF DOCUMENTS. 
Section 1546(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘identi-fication document,’’ and inserting ‘‘identi-fication document or document meant to es-tablish work authorization (including the documents described in section 274A(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act),’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘identi-fication document’’ and inserting ‘‘identi-fication document or document meant to es-tablish work authorization (including the documents described in section 274A(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act),’’. 
SEC. 1110. PROTECTION OF SOCIAL SECURITY AD-MINISTRATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) F UNDING UNDER AGREEMENT .—Effective for fiscal years beginning on or after October 1, 2019, the Commissioner of Social Security and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall enter into and maintain an agreement which shall— (1) provide funds to the Commissioner for the full costs of the responsibilities of the Commissioner under section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)), as amended by this title, including (but not limited to)— (A) acquiring, installing, and maintaining technological equipment and systems nec-essary for the fulfillment of the responsibil-ities of the Commissioner under such section 274A(d), but only that portion of such costs that are attributable exclusively to such re-sponsibilities; and (B) responding to individuals who contest a tentative nonconfirmation provided by the employment eligibility verification system established under such section; (2) provide such funds annually in advance of the applicable quarter based on esti-mating methodology agreed to by the Com-missioner and the Secretary (except in such instances where the delayed enactment of an annual appropriation may preclude such quarterly payments); and (3) require an annual accounting and rec-onciliation of the actual costs incurred and the funds provided under the agreement, which shall be reviewed by the Inspectors General of the Social Security Administra-tion and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (b) CONTINUATION OF EMPLOYMENT  V
ERIFICATION IN ABSENCE OF TIMELY AGREE -
MENT .—In any case in which the agreement required under subsection (a) for any fiscal year beginning on or after October 1, 2019, has not been reached as of October 1 of such fiscal year, the latest agreement between the Commissioner and the Secretary of Home-land Security providing for funding to cover the costs of the responsibilities of the Com-missioner under section 274A(d) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)) shall be deemed in effect on an in-terim basis for such fiscal year until such time as an agreement required under sub-section (a) is subsequently reached, except that the terms of such interim agreement shall be modified by the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget to adjust for inflation and any increase or decrease in the volume of requests under the employment eligibility verification system. In any case in which an interim agreement applies for any fiscal year under this subsection, the Com-missioner and the Secretary shall, not later than October 1 of such fiscal year, notify the Committee on Ways and Means, the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and the Committee on Finance, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate of the failure to reach the agreement required under subsection (a) for such fiscal year. Until such time as the agreement required under subsection (a) has been reached for such fiscal year, the Commissioner and the Secretary shall, not later than the end of each 90-day period after October 1 of such fis-cal year, notify such Committees of the sta-tus of negotiations between the Commis-sioner and the Secretary in order to reach such an agreement. 
SEC. 1111. FRAUD PREVENTION. 
(a) B LOCKING MISUSED SOCIAL SECURITY AC-
COUNT NUMBERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the Com-missioner of Social Security, shall establish a program in which social security account numbers that have been identified to be sub-ject to unusual multiple use in the employ-ment eligibility verification system estab-lished under section 274A(d) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)), as amended by this title, or that are other-wise suspected or determined to have been compromised by identity fraud or other mis-use, shall be blocked from use for such sys-tem purposes unless the individual using such number is able to establish, through se-cure and fair additional security procedures, that the individual is the legitimate holder of the number. (b) ALLOWING SUSPENSION OF USE OF CER-
TAIN SOCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT NUMBERS .— The Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Commissioner of Social Security, shall establish a program which shall provide a reliable, secure method by which victims of identity fraud and other in-dividuals may suspend or limit the use of their social security account number or other identifying information for purposes of the employment eligibility verification sys-tem established under section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)), as amended by this title. The Sec-retary may implement the program on a lim-ited pilot program basis before making it fully available to all individuals. (c) A
LLOWING PARENTS TOPREVENT THEFT  
OFTHEIR CHILD’SIDENTITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Commissioner of Social Security, shall establish a program which shall provide a re-liable, secure method by which parents or legal guardians may suspend or limit the use of the social security account number or other identifying information of a minor under their care for the purposes of the em-ployment eligibility verification system es-tablished under 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)), as amended by this title. The Secretary may implement the program on a limited pilot program basis before making it fully avail-able to all individuals. 
SEC. 1112. USE OF EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PHOTO TOOL. 
An employer or entity who uses the photo matching tool, if required by the Secretary as part of the verification system, shall match, either visually, or using facial rec-ognition or other verification technology ap-proved or required by the Secretary, the photo matching tool photograph to the pho-tograph on the identity or employment eligi-bility document provided by the individual or to the face of the employee submitting the document for employment verification purposes, or both, as determined by the Sec-retary. 
SEC. 1113. IDENTITY AUTHENTICATION EMPLOY-MENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PILOT PROGRAMS. 
Not later than 24 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Commissioner of Social Security and the Director of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology, shall establish by regu-lation not less than 2 Identity Authentica-tion Employment Eligibility Verification pilot programs, each using a separate and distinct technology (the ‘‘Authentication Pi-lots’’). The purpose of the Authentication Pi-lots shall be to provide for identity authen-tication and employment eligibility verification with respect to enrolled new em-ployees which shall be available to any em-ployer that elects to participate in either of the Authentication Pilots. Any participating employer may cancel the employer’s partici-pation in the Authentication Pilot after one year after electing to participate without prejudice to future participation. The Sec-retary shall report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5396 June 21, 2018 
Senate the Secretary’s findings on the Au-thentication Pilots, including the authen-tication technologies chosen, not later than 12 months after commencement of the Au-thentication Pilots. 
SEC. 1114. INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Social Security Administration shall complete audits of the following categories in order to uncover evi-dence of individuals who are not authorized to work in the United States: (1) Workers who dispute wages reported on their social security account number when they believe someone else has used such number and name to report wages. (2) Children’s social security account num-bers used for work purposes. (3) Employers whose workers present sig-nificant numbers of mismatched social secu-rity account numbers or names for wage re-porting. (b) S
UBMISSION .—The Inspector General of the Social Security Administration shall submit the audits completed under sub-section (a) to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate for review of the evidence of individuals who are not authorized to work in the United States. The Chairmen of those Committees shall then determine information to be shared with the Secretary of Homeland Security so that such Secretary can investigate the un-authorized employment demonstrated by such evidence. TITLE II—SANCTUARY CITIES AND STATE AND LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT CO-OPERATION 
SEC. 2201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘No Sanc-tuary for Criminals Act’’. 
SEC. 2202. STATE NONCOMPLIANCE WITH EN-FORCEMENT OF IMMIGRATION LAW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no Federal, State, or local government entity, and no individual, may prohibit or in any way restrict, a Federal, State, or local government entity, official, or other per-sonnel from complying with the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))), or from assisting or cooperating with Federal law enforcement entities, offi-cials, or other personnel regarding the en-forcement of these laws.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
AWENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Not- withstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no Federal, State, or local government entity, and no individual, may prohibit, or in any way restrict, a Fed-eral, State, or local government entity, offi-cial, or other personnel from undertaking any of the following law enforcement activi-ties as they relate to information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, the inadmissibility or deport-ability, or the custody status, of any indi-vidual: ‘‘(1) Making inquiries to any individual in order to obtain such information regarding such individual or any other individuals. ‘‘(2) Notifying the Federal Government re-garding the presence of individuals who are encountered by law enforcement officials or other personnel of a State or political sub-division of a State. ‘‘(3) Complying with requests for such in-formation from Federal law enforcement en-tities, officials, or other personnel.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Immigra-tion and Naturalization Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Department of Homeland Security’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN GRANT PRO -
GRAMS .—A State, or a political subdivision of a State, that is found not to be in compli-ance with subsection (a) or (b) shall not be eligible to receive— ‘‘(A) any of the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State or political subdivi-sion under section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)), the ‘Cops on the Beat’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10381 et seq.), or the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10151 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) any other grant administered by the Department of Justice that is substantially related to law enforcement (including en-forcement of the immigration laws), immi-gration, enforcement of the immigration laws, or naturalization or administered by the Department of Homeland Security that is substantially related to immigration, the enforcement of the immigration laws, or nat-uralization. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY OF ALIENS PEND -
ING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—The Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, may decline to transfer an alien in the custody of the De-partment of Homeland Security to a State or political subdivision of a State found not to be in compliance with subsection (a) or (b), regardless of whether the State or political subdivision of the State has issued a writ or warrant. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY OF CERTAIN  
ALIENS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary shall not transfer an alien with a final order of re-moval pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) or (5) of section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) to a State or a political subdivision of a State that is found not to be in compliance with sub-section (a) or (b). ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION .—The Sec-retary shall determine for each calendar year which States or political subdivision of States are not in compliance with subsection (a) or (b) and shall report such determina-tions to Congress by March 1 of each suc-ceeding calendar year. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall issue a report concerning the compliance with subsections (a) and (b) of any particular State or political subdivision of a State at the request of the House or the Senate Judiciary Committee. Any jurisdic-tion that is found not to be in compliance shall be ineligible to receive Federal finan-cial assistance as provided in paragraph (1) for a minimum period of 1 year, and shall only become eligible again after the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies that the jurisdiction has come into compliance. ‘‘(6) R
EALLOCATION .—Any funds that are not allocated to a State or to a political sub-division of a State due to the failure of the State or of the political subdivision of the State to comply with subsection (a) or (b) shall be reallocated to States or to political subdivisions of States that comply with both such subsections. ‘‘(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall require law enforcement officials from States, or from political subdivisions of States, to report or arrest victims or wit-nesses of a criminal offense.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, except that subsection (d) of section 642 of the Ille-gal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373), as added by this section, shall apply only to prohibited acts committed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2203. CLARIFYING THE AUTHORITY OF ICE DETAINERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 287(d) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
ETAINER OF INADMISSIBLE OR DEPORT -
ABLE ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who is arrested by any Federal, State, or local law enforcement official or other personnel for the alleged violation of any criminal or motor vehicle law, the Secretary may issue a detainer regarding the indi-vidual to any Federal, State, or local law en-forcement entity, official, or other personnel if the Secretary has probable cause to be-lieve that the individual is an inadmissible or deportable alien. ‘‘(2) P
ROBABLE CAUSE .—Probable cause is deemed to be established if— ‘‘(A) the individual who is the subject of the detainer matches, pursuant to biometric confirmation or other Federal database records, the identity of an alien who the Sec-retary has reasonable grounds to believe to be inadmissible or deportable; ‘‘(B) the individual who is the subject of the detainer is the subject of ongoing re-moval proceedings, including matters where a charging document has already been served; ‘‘(C) the individual who is the subject of the detainer has previously been ordered re-moved from the United States and such an order is administratively final; ‘‘(D) the individual who is the subject of the detainer has made voluntary statements or provided reliable evidence that indicate that they are an inadmissible or deportable alien; or ‘‘(E) the Secretary otherwise has reason-able grounds to believe that the individual who is the subject of the detainer is an inad-missible or deportable alien. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY .—If the Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity, offi-cial, or other personnel to whom a detainer is issued complies with the detainer and de-tains for purposes of transfer of custody to the Department of Homeland Security the individual who is the subject of the detainer, the Department may take custody of the in-dividual within 48 hours (excluding weekends and holidays), but in no instance more than 96 hours, following the date that the indi-vidual is otherwise to be released from the custody of the relevant Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity.’’. (b) I
MMUNITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), and a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, acting in compliance with a Department of Homeland Security detainer issued pursuant to this section who temporarily holds an alien in its custody pursuant to the terms of a detainer so that the alien may be taken into the cus-tody of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, shall be considered to be acting under color of Federal authority for purposes of de-termining their liability and shall be held harmless for their compliance with the de-tainer in any suit seeking any punitive, com-pensatory, or other monetary damages. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5397 June 21, 2018 
(2) F EDERAL GOVERNMENT AS DEFENDANT .— In any civil action arising out of the compli-ance with a Department of Homeland Secu-rity detainer by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, the United States Government shall be the proper party named as the defendant in the suit in regard to the detention resulting from compliance with the detainer. (3) B
AD FAITH EXCEPTION .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any mistreatment of an individual by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention. (c) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .— (1) C
AUSE OF ACTION .—Any individual, or a spouse, parent, or child of that individual (if the individual is deceased), who is the victim of a murder, rape, or any felony, as defined by the State, for which an alien (as defined in section 101(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(3))) has been convicted and sentenced to a term of impris-onment of at least 1 year, may bring an ac-tion against a State or political subdivision of a State or public official acting in an offi-cial capacity in the appropriate Federal court if the State or political subdivision, except as provided in paragraph (3)— (A) released the alien from custody prior to the commission of such crime as a con-sequence of the State or political subdivi-sion’s declining to honor a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)); (B) has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice not in compliance with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) as amended, and as a consequence of its stat-ute, policy, or practice, released the alien from custody prior to the commission of such crime; or (C) has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice requiring a subordinate political sub-division to decline to honor any or all de-tainers issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)), and, as a consequence of its statute, policy or practice, the subordinate political subdivision declined to honor a de-tainer issued pursuant to such section, and as a consequence released the alien from cus-tody prior to the commission of such crime. (2) L
IMITATIONS ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action may not be brought under this sub-section later than 10 years following the oc-currence of the crime, or death of a person as a result of such crime, whichever occurs later. (3) P
ROPER DEFENDANT .—If a political sub-division of a State declines to honor a de-tainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) as a consequence of the State or another political subdivision with juris-diction over the subdivision prohibiting the subdivision through a statute or other legal requirement of the State or other political subdivision— (A) from honoring the detainer; or (B) fully complying with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373), and, as a consequence of the statute or other legal requirement of the State or other polit-ical subdivision, the subdivision released the alien referred to in paragraph (1) from cus-tody prior to the commission of the crime re-ferred to in that paragraph, the State or other political subdivision that enacted the statute or other legal requirement, shall be deemed to be the proper defendant in a cause of action under this subsection, and no such cause of action may be maintained against the political subdivision which declined to honor the detainer. (4) ATTORNEY ’S FEE AND OTHER COSTS .—In any action or proceeding under this sub-section the court shall allow a prevailing plaintiff a reasonable attorneys‘‘ fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attorneys’’ fee. (d) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN GRANT PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a State or political subdivi-sion of a State that has in effect a statute, policy or practice providing that it not com-ply with any or all Department of Homeland Security detainers issued pursuant to sec-tion 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) shall not be eligi-ble to receive— (A) any of the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State or political subdivi-sion under section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)), the ‘‘Cops on the Beat’’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.), or the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10151 et seq.); or (B) any other grant administered by the Department of Justice that is substantially related to law enforcement (including en-forcement of the immigration laws), immi-gration, or naturalization or grant adminis-tered by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity that is substantially related to immi-gration, enforcement of the immigration laws, or naturalization. (2) E
XCEPTION .—A political subdivision de-scribed in subsection (c)(3) that declines to honor a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)) as a consequence of being required to comply with a statute or other legal requirement of a State or an-other political subdivision with jurisdiction over that political subdivision, shall remain eligible to receive grant funds described in paragraph (1). In the case described in the previous sentence, the State or political sub-division that enacted the statute or other legal requirement shall not be eligible to re-ceive such funds. 
SEC. 2204. SARAH AND GRANT’S LAW. 
(a) D ETENTION OF ALIENS DURING REMOVAL  P
ROCEEDINGS .— (1) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(A) Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ each place it appears (except in the second place that term appears in sec-tion 236(a)) and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’. (B) Section 236(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of Homeland Security or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General—’’. (C) Section 236(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘Attorney General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’. (2) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .—Section 236 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, an alien may be detained, and for an alien described in subsection (c) shall be detained, under this section without time limitation, except as provided in subsection (h), during the pend-ency of removal proceedings. ‘‘(2) CONSTRUCTION .—The length of deten-tion under this section shall not affect de-tention under section 241.’’. (3) D
ETENTION OF CRIMINAL ALIENS .—Sec- tion 236(c)(1) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) is unlawfully present in the United States and has been convicted for driving while intoxicated (including a conviction for driving while under the influence or im-paired by alcohol or drugs) without regard to whether the conviction is classified as a mis-demeanor or felony under State law, or ‘‘(F)(i)(I) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(i), ‘‘(II) is deportable by reason of a visa rev-ocation under section 221(i), or ‘‘(III) is deportable under section 237(a)(1)(C)(i), and ‘‘(ii) has been arrested or charged with a particularly serious crime or a crime result-ing in the death or serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365(h)(3) of title 18, United States Code) of another person;’’; and (C) by amending the matter following sub-paragraph (F) (as added by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph) to read as follows: ‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph; to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation; or to whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense. If the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, then when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is prac-tical to take such alien into custody, the Secretary shall take such alien into cus-tody.’’. (4) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226), as amended by paragraph (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—The Attor-ney General’s review of the Secretary’s cus-tody determinations under subsection (a) for the following classes of aliens shall be lim-ited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with secu-rity approved by the Secretary), or released with no bond: ‘‘(1) Aliens in exclusion proceedings. ‘‘(2) Aliens described in section 212(a)(3) or 237(a)(4). ‘‘(3) Aliens described in subsection (c). ‘‘(h) R
ELEASE ON BOND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien detained under subsection (a) may seek release on bond. No bond may be granted except to an alien who establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien is not a flight risk or a danger to another person or the community. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ALIENS INELIGIBLE .—No alien detained under subsection (c) may seek re-lease on bond.’’. (5) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(A) Section 236(a)(2)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(a)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘conditional parole’’ and insert-ing ‘‘recognizance’’. (B) Section 236(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘recognizance’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5398 June 21, 2018 
shall apply to any alien in detention under the provisions of section 236 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226), as so amended, or otherwise subject to the provi-sions of such section, on or after such date. 
SEC. 2205. CLARIFICATION OF CONGRESSIONAL INTENT. 
Section 287(g) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may enter’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘shall enter into a written agreement with a State, or any political subdivision of a State, upon request of the State or political sub-division, pursuant to which officers or em-ployees of the State or subdivision, who are determined by the Secretary to be qualified to perform a function of an immigration offi-cer in relation to the investigation, appre-hension, or detention of aliens in the United States (including the transportation of such aliens across State lines to detention cen-ters), may carry out such function at the ex-pense of the State or political subdivision and to the extent consistent with State and local law. No request from a bona fide State or political subdivision or bona fide law en-forcement agency shall be denied absent a compelling reason. No limit on the number of agreements under this subsection may be imposed. The Secretary shall process re-quests for such agreements with all due haste, and in no case shall take not more than 90 days from the date the request is made until the agreement is consummated.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (5) and paragraphs (3) through (10) as paragraphs (7) through (14), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) An agreement under this subsection shall accommodate a requesting State or po-litical subdivision with respect to the en-forcement model or combination of models, and shall accommodate a patrol model, task force model, jail model, any combination thereof, or any other reasonable model the State or political subdivision believes is best suited to the immigration enforcement needs of its jurisdiction. ‘‘(3) No Federal program or technology di-rected broadly at identifying inadmissible or deportable aliens shall substitute for such agreements, including those establishing a jail model, and shall operate in addition to any agreement under this subsection. ‘‘(4)(A) No agreement under this subsection shall be terminated absent a compelling rea-son. ‘‘(B)(i) The Secretary shall provide a State or political subdivision written notice of in-tent to terminate at least 180 days prior to date of intended termination, and the notice shall fully explain the grounds for termi-nation, along with providing evidence sub-stantiating the Secretary’s allegations. ‘‘(ii) The State or political subdivision shall have the right to a hearing before an administrative law judge and, if the ruling is against the State or political subdivision, to appeal the ruling to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals and, if the ruling is against the State or political subdivision, to petition the Supreme Court for certiorari. ‘‘(C) The agreement shall remain in full ef-fect during the course of any and all legal proceedings.’’; and (4) by inserting after paragraph (5) (as re-designated) the following: ‘‘(6) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall make training of State and local law enforcement officers available through as many means as possible, including through residential training at the Center for Domes-tic Preparedness and the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, onsite training held at State or local police agencies or fa-cilities, online training courses by computer, teleconferencing, and videotape, or the dig-ital video display (DVD) of a training course or courses. Distance learning through a se-cure, encrypted, distributed learning system that has all its servers based in the United States, is scalable, survivable, and can have a portal in place not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Securing America’s Future Act of 2018, shall be made available by the COPS Office of the Depart-ment of Justice and the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center Distributed Learning Program for State and local law enforcement personnel. Preference shall be given to private sector-based, web-based im-migration enforcement training programs for which the Federal Government has al-ready provided support to develop.’’. 
SEC. 2206. PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL ENTRY OR PRESENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 275 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
ILLEGAL ENTRY OR PRESENCE  ‘‘S
EC. 275. (a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) I
LLEGAL ENTRY OR PRESENCE .—An alien shall be subject to the penalties set forth in paragraph (2) if the alien— ‘‘(A) knowingly enters or crosses the bor-der into the United States at any time or place other than as designated by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; ‘‘(B) knowingly eludes, at any time or place, examination or inspection by an au-thorized immigration, customs, or agri-culture officer (including by failing to stop at the command of such officer); ‘‘(C) knowingly enters or crosses the bor-der to the United States and, upon examina-tion or inspection, knowingly makes a false or misleading representation or the knowing concealment of a material fact (including such representation or concealment in the context of arrival, reporting, entry, or clear-ance requirements of the customs laws, im-migration laws, agriculture laws, or shipping laws); ‘‘(D) knowingly violates the terms or con-ditions of the alien’s admission or parole into the United States and has remained in violation for an aggregate period of 90 days or more; or ‘‘(E) knowingly is unlawfully present in the United States (as defined in section 212(a)(9)(B)(ii) subject to the exceptions set forth in section 212(a)(9)(B)(iii)) and has re-mained in violation for an aggregate period of 90 days or more. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .—Any alien who violates any provision under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall, for the first violation, be fined under title 18, United States Code, impris-oned not more than 6 months, or both; ‘‘(B) shall, for a second or subsequent vio-lation, or following an order of voluntary de-parture, be fined under such title, impris-oned not more than 2 years (or not more than 6 months in the case of a second or sub-sequent violation of paragraph (1)(E)), or both; ‘‘(C) if the violation occurred after the alien had been convicted of 3 or more mis-demeanors or for a felony, shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(D) if the violation occurred after the alien had been convicted of a felony for which the alien received a term of imprison-ment of not less than 30 months, shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; and ‘‘(E) if the violation occurred after the alien had been convicted of a felony for which the alien received a term of imprison-ment of not less than 60 months, such alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘(3) PRIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convic-tions described in subparagraphs (C) through (E) of paragraph (2) are elements of the of-fenses described and the penalties in such subparagraphs shall apply only in cases in which the conviction or convictions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(A) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(B) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(4) D
URATION OF OFFENSE .—An offense under this subsection continues until the alien is discovered within the United States by an immigration, customs, or agriculture officer, or until the alien is granted a valid visa or relief from removal. ‘‘(5) A
TTEMPT .—Whoever attempts to com-mit any offense under this section shall be punished in the same manner as for a com-pletion of such offense. ‘‘(b) I
MPROPER TIME OR PLACE ; CIVIL PEN-
ALTIES .—Any alien who is apprehended while entering, attempting to enter, or knowingly crossing or attempting to cross the border to the United States at a time or place other than as designated by immigration officers shall be subject to a civil penalty, in addi-tion to any criminal or other civil penalties that may be imposed under any other provi-sion of law, in an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) not less than $50 or more than $250 for each such entry, crossing, attempted entry, or attempted crossing; or ‘‘(2) twice the amount specified in para-graph (1) if the alien had previously been subject to a civil penalty under this sub-section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 275 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 275. Illegal entry or presence.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES AND APPLICABILITY .— (1) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .—Section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)), as amended by subsection (a), shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to acts, conditions, or violations described in such section 275(a) that occur or exist on or after such effective date. (2) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Section 275(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(b)), as amended by subsection (a), shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts described in such section 275(b) that occur before, on, or after such date. TITLE III—CRIMINAL ALIENS 
SEC. 3301. PRECLUDING ADMISSIBILITY OF ALIENS CONVICTED OF AGGRA-VATED FELONIES OR OTHER SERI-OUS OFFENSES. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY ON CRIMINAL AND RE-
LATED GROUNDS ; W AIVERS .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(A)(i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (C) by inserting after subclause (II) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(III) a violation of (or a conspiracy or at-tempt to violate) an offense described in sec-tion 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to social security account num-bers or social security cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents, authentication features, and information),’’; (2) by adding at the end of subsection (a)(2) the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5399 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(J) P ROCUREMENT OF CITIZENSHIP OR NATU -
RALIZATION UNLAWFULLY .—Any alien con-victed of, or who admits having committed, or who admits committing acts which con-stitute the essential elements of, a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, subsection (a) or (b) of section 1425 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the procure-ment of citizenship or naturalization unlaw-fully) is inadmissible. ‘‘(K) C
ERTAIN FIREARM OFFENSES .—Any alien who at any time has been convicted under any law of, or who admits having com-mitted or admits committing acts which constitute the essential elements of, pur-chasing, selling, offering for sale, exchang-ing, using, owning, possessing, or carrying, or of attempting or conspiring to purchase, sell, offer for sale, exchange, use, own, pos-sess, or carry, any weapon, part, or accessory which is a firearm or destructive device (as defined in section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code) in violation of any law is inad-missible. ‘‘(L) A
GGRAVATED FELONS .—Any alien who has been convicted of an aggravated felony at any time is inadmissible. ‘‘(M) C
RIMES OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALK -
ING, OR VIOLATION OF PROTECTION ORDERS , 
CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN .— ‘‘(i) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALKING , AND 
CHILD ABUSE .—Any alien who at any time is convicted of, or who admits having com-mitted or admits committing acts which constitute the essential elements of, a crime of domestic violence, a crime of stalking, or a crime of child abuse, child neglect, or child abandonment is inadmissible. For purposes of this clause, the term ‘crime of domestic violence’ means any crime of violence (as de-fined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code) against a person committed by a cur-rent or former spouse of the person, by an in-dividual with whom the person shares a child in common, by an individual who is cohab-iting with or has cohabited with the person as a spouse, by an individual similarly situ-ated to a spouse of the person under the do-mestic or family violence laws of the juris-diction where the offense occurs, or by any other individual against a person who is pro-tected from that individual’s acts under the domestic or family violence laws of the United States or any State, Indian tribal government, or unit of local or foreign gov-ernment. ‘‘(ii) V
IOLATORS OF PROTECTION ORDERS .— Any alien who at any time is enjoined under a protection order issued by a court and whom the court determines has engaged in conduct that violates the portion of a protec-tion order that involves protection against credible threats of violence, repeated harass-ment, or bodily injury to the person or per-sons for whom the protection order was issued is inadmissible. For purposes of this clause, the term ‘protection order’ means any injunction issued for the purpose of pre-venting violent or threatening acts of domes-tic violence, including temporary or final or-ders issued by civil or criminal courts (other than support or child custody orders or pro-visions) whether obtained by filing an inde-pendent action or as a independent order in another proceeding. ‘‘(iii) W
AIVER AUTHORIZED .—The waiver au-thority available under section 237(a)(7) with respect to section 237(a)(2)(E)(i) shall be available on a comparable basis with respect to this subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) C
LARIFICATION .—If the conviction records do not conclusively establish wheth-er a crime of domestic violence constitutes a crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code), the Attorney General may consider other evidence related to the conviction that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged con-stitutes a crime of violence.’’; and (3) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Attorney General may, in his discretion, waive the application of subparagraphs (A)(i)(I), (B), (D), and (E) of subsection (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Attor-ney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security may, in the discretion of the Attor-ney General or the Secretary, waive the ap-plication of subparagraphs (A)(i)(I), (III), (B), (D), (E), (K), and (M) of subsection (a)(2)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘a criminal act involving torture.’’ and inserting ‘‘a criminal act in-volving torture, or has been convicted of an aggravated felony.’’; (C) by striking ‘‘if either since the date of such admission the alien has been convicted of an aggravated felony or the alien’’ and in-serting ‘‘if since the date of such admission the alien’’; and (D) by inserting ‘‘or Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘the Attorney General’’ each place it appears. (b) DEPORTABILITY ; CRIMINAL OFFENSES .— Section 237(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (3) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) of a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, section 1425(a) or (b) of title 18 (relating to the procurement of citi-zenship or naturalization unlawfully),’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY ; OTHER CRIMINAL OF-
FENSES .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(G) F
RAUD AND RELATED ACTIVITY ASSOCI -
ATED WITH SOCIAL SECURITY ACT BENEFITS AND  
IDENTIFICATION DOCUMENTS .—Any alien who at any time after admission has been con-victed of a violation of (or a conspiracy or attempt to violate) section 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to so-cial security account numbers or social secu-rity cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related ac-tivity in connection with identification) is deportable.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply— (1) to any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) to all aliens who are required to estab-lish admissibility on or after such date, and in all removal, deportation, or exclusion pro-ceedings that are filed, pending, or reopened, on or after such date. (e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall not be construed to create eligibility for relief from removal under former section 212(c) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act where such eligi-bility did not exist before these amendments became effective. 
SEC. 3302. INCREASED PENALTIES BARRING THE ADMISSION OF CONVICTED SEX OF-FENDERS FAILING TO REGISTER AND REQUIRING DEPORTATION OF SEX OFFENDERS FAILING TO REG-ISTER. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)(i)), as amended by this title, is further amended— (1) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (III), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (3) by inserting after subclause (III) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(IV) a violation of section 2250 of title 18, United States Code (relating to failure to register as a sex offender),’’. (b) DEPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)), as amended by this title, is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause (v); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) F
AILURE TO REGISTER AS A SEX OF -
FENDER .—Any alien convicted of, or who ad-mits having committed, or who admits com-mitting acts which constitute the essential elements of a violation of section 2250 of title 18, United States Code (relating to failure to register as a sex offender) is deportable.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3303. GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORTABILITY FOR ALIEN GANG MEMBERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GANG MEMBER .—Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) The term ‘criminal gang’ means an ongoing group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons that has as one of its primary purposes the commission of 1 or more of the following criminal offenses and the members of which engage, or have engaged within the past 5 years, in a con-tinuing series of such offenses, or that has been designated as a criminal gang by the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Attorney General, as meeting these criteria. The offenses de-scribed, whether in violation of Federal or State law or foreign law and regardless of whether the offenses occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this para-graph, are the following: ‘‘(A) A ‘felony drug offense’ (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)). ‘‘(B) A felony offense involving firearms or explosives or in violation of section 931 of title 18, United States Code (relating to pur-chase, ownership, or possession of body armor by violent felons). ‘‘(C) An offense under section 274 (relating to bringing in and harboring certain aliens), section 277 (relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States), or section 278 (relating to importation of alien for immoral purpose). ‘‘(D) A crime of violence (as defined in sec-tion 16 of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(E) A crime involving obstruction of jus-tice, tampering with or retaliating against a witness, victim, or informant. ‘‘(F) Any conduct punishable under sec-tions 1028A and 1029 of title 18, United States Code (relating to aggravated identity theft or fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents or access de-vices), sections 1581 through 1594 of such title (relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons), section 1951 of such title (relat-ing to interference with commerce by threats or violence), section 1952 of such title (relating to interstate and foreign travel or transportation in aid of racketeering enter-prises), section 1956 of such title (relating to the laundering of monetary instruments), section 1957 of such title (relating to engag-ing in monetary transactions in property de-rived from specified unlawful activity), or sections 2312 through 2315 of such title (relat-ing to interstate transportation of stolen motor vehicles or stolen property). ‘‘(G) A conspiracy to commit an offense de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (F).’’. (b) I
NADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5400 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(J) A LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—(i) Any alien is inadmissible who a consular officer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the At-torney General knows or has reason to be-lieve— ‘‘(I) to be or to have been a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)); or ‘‘(II) to have participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang. ‘‘(ii) Any alien for whom a consular officer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Attorney General has reasonable grounds to believe has par-ticipated in, been a member of, promoted, or conspired with a criminal gang, either inside or outside of the United States, is inadmis-sible. ‘‘(iii) Any alien for whom a consular offi-cer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Attorney General has reasonable grounds to believe seeks to enter the United States or has entered the United States in furtherance of the activities of a criminal gang, either inside or outside of the United States, is inadmissible.’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—Any alien is deportable who— ‘‘(i) is or has been a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)); or ‘‘(ii) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as so defined), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, further, aid, or support the il-legal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (d) D
ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended by inserting after section 219 the following: ‘‘
DESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANG  ‘‘S
EC. 220. ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the At-torney General, may designate a group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more per-sons as a criminal gang if the Secretary finds that their conduct is described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION .—Seven days before making a designation under this subsection, the Secretary shall, by classified commu-nication, notify the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the Senate, and the mem-bers of the relevant committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in writ-ing, of the intent to designate a group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more per-sons under this subsection and the factual basis therefor. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG -
ISTER .—The Secretary shall publish the des-ignation in the Federal Register seven days after providing the notification under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(3) R
ECORD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making a designation under this subsection, the Secretary shall create an administrative record. ‘‘(B) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a designation under this sub-section. Classified information shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it re-mains classified, except that such informa-tion may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(4) PERIOD OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A designation under this subsection shall be effective for all purposes until revoked under paragraph (5) or (6) or set aside pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF DESIGNATION UPON PETI -
TION.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view the designation of a criminal gang under the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) if the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 5 or more persons files a petition for revocation within the pe-tition period described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ETITION PERIOD .—For purposes of clause (i)— ‘‘(I) if the designated group, club, organiza-tion, or association of 5 or more persons has not previously filed a petition for revocation under this subparagraph, the petition period begins 2 years after the date on which the designation was made; or ‘‘(II) if the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 5 or more persons has previously filed a petition for revocation under this subparagraph, the petition period begins 2 years after the date of the deter-mination made under clause (iv) on that pe-tition. ‘‘(iii) P
ROCEDURES .—Any group, club, orga-nization, or association of 5 or more persons that submits a petition for revocation under this subparagraph of its designation as a criminal gang must provide evidence in that petition that it is not described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(iv) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition for revocation sub-mitted under this subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall make a determination as to such revocation. ‘‘(II) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a determination in response to a petition for revocation. Classified informa-tion shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classified, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(III) P
UBLICATION OF DETERMINATION .—A determination made by the Secretary under this clause shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(IV) P
ROCEDURES .—Any revocation by the Secretary shall be made in accordance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) O
THER REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If in a 5-year period no review has taken place under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall review the designa-tion of the criminal gang in order to deter-mine whether such designation should be re-voked pursuant to paragraph (6). ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—If a review does not take place pursuant to subparagraph (B) in response to a petition for revocation that is filed in accordance with that subparagraph, then the review shall be conducted pursuant to procedures established by the Secretary. The results of such review and the applicable procedures shall not be reviewable in any court. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLICATION OF RESULTS OF REVIEW .— The Secretary shall publish any determina-tion made pursuant to this subparagraph in the Federal Register. ‘‘(5) R
EVOCATION BY ACT OF CONGRESS .—The Congress, by an Act of Congress, may block or revoke a designation made under para-graph (1). ‘‘(6) R
EVOCATION BASED ON CHANGE IN CIR-
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-voke a designation made under paragraph (1) at any time, and shall revoke a designation upon completion of a review conducted pur-suant to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of para-graph (4) if the Secretary finds that— ‘‘(i) the group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons that has been designated as a criminal gang is no longer described in section 101(a)(53); or ‘‘(ii) the national security or the law en-forcement interests of the United States warrants a revocation. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedural require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply to a revocation under this paragraph. Any rev-ocation shall take effect on the date speci-fied in the revocation or upon publication in the Federal Register if no effective date is specified. ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of a designation under paragraph (5) or (6) shall not affect any action or proceeding based on conduct committed prior to the ef-fective date of such revocation. ‘‘(8) U
SE OF DESIGNATION IN TRIAL OR HEAR-
ING.—If a designation under this subsection has become effective under paragraph (2) an alien in a removal proceeding shall not be permitted to raise any question concerning the validity of the issuance of such designa-tion as a defense or an objection. ‘‘(b) A
MENDMENTS TO A DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may amend a designation under this subsection if the Secretary finds that the group, club, or-ganization, or association of 5 or more per-sons has changed its name, adopted a new alias, dissolved and then reconstituted itself under a different name or names, or merged with another group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more persons. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .—Amendments made to a designation in accordance with paragraph (1) shall be effective upon publication in the Federal Register. Paragraphs (2), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8) of subsection (a) shall also apply to an amended designation. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—The admin-istrative record shall be corrected to include the amendments as well as any additional relevant information that supports those amendments. ‘‘(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary may consider classified information in amending a designation in accordance with this subsection. Classified information shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classified, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judi-cial review under subsection (c) of this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a designation, an amended designation, or a determination in response to a petition for revocation, the designated group, club, orga-nization, or association of 5 or more persons may seek judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(2) B
ASIS OF REVIEW .—Review under this subsection shall be based solely upon the ad-ministrative record, except that the Govern-ment may submit, for ex parte and in camera review, classified information used in mak-ing the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The Court shall hold unlawful and set aside a designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation the court finds to be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5401 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of dis-cretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; ‘‘(B) contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; ‘‘(C) in excess of statutory jurisdiction, au-thority, or limitation, or short of statutory right; ‘‘(D) lacking substantial support in the ad-ministrative record taken as a whole or in classified information submitted to the court under paragraph (2); or ‘‘(E) not in accord with the procedures re-quired by law. ‘‘(4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW INVOKED .—The pend-ency of an action for judicial review of a des-ignation, amended designation, or deter-mination in response to a petition for rev-ocation shall not affect the application of this section, unless the court issues a final order setting aside the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘classified information’ has the meaning given that term in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.); ‘‘(2) the term ‘national security’ means the national defense, foreign relations, or eco-nomic interests of the United States; ‘‘(3) the term ‘relevant committees’ means the Committees on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for such Act is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 219 the following: ‘‘Sec. 220. Designation.’’. (e) M
ANDATORY DETENTION OF CRIMINAL  G
ANGMEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 236(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)), as amended by this title, is fur-ther amended— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(2)(J) or deportable under section 217(a)(2)(G),’’. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1 of each year (beginning 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, after consulta-tion with the appropriate Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and of the Senate on the number of aliens detained under the amendments made by paragraph (1). (f) A
SYLUM CLAIMS BASED ON GANGAFFILI -
ATION .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF RESTRICTION ON RE -
MOVAL TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1251(b)(3)(B)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by insert-ing ‘‘who is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i) or who is’’ after ‘‘to an alien’’. (2) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR ASYLUM .—Section 208(b)(2)(A) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the alien is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i); or’’. (g) TEMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS .—Sec- tion 244 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subparagraph (c)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the alien is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or section 237(a)(2)(G).’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security may detain an alien provided tem-porary protected status under this section whenever appropriate under any other provi-sion of law.’’. (h) S
PECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE VISAS.— Section 101(a)(27)(J)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(iii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) no alien who is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or sec-tion 237(a)(2)(G) shall be eligible for any im-migration benefit under this subparagraph;’’. (i) P
AROLE .—An alien described in section 212(a)(2)(J) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as added by subsection (b), shall not be eligible for parole under section 212(d)(5)(A) of such Act unless— (1) the alien is assisting or has assisted the United States Government in a law enforce-ment matter, including a criminal investiga-tion; and (2) the alien’s presence in the United States is required by the Government with respect to such assistance. (j) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3304. INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORT-ABILITY OF DRUNK DRIVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (T), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (U), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (U) the following: ‘‘(V)(i) a single conviction for driving while intoxicated (including a conviction for driv-ing while under the influence of or impair-ment by alcohol or drugs), when such im-paired driving was a cause of the serious bod-ily injury or death of another person; or ‘‘(ii) a second or subsequent conviction for driving while intoxicated (including a con-viction for driving under the influence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply to convictions entered on or after such date. 
SEC. 3305. DEFINITION OF AGGRAVATED FELONY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF AGGRAVATED FELONY .— Section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)), as amend-ed by this title, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term ‘aggravated fel-ony’ means—’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwith-standing any other provision of law, the term ‘aggravated felony’ applies to an of-fense described in this paragraph, whether in violation of Federal or State law, or in viola-tion of the law of a foreign country for which the term of imprisonment was completed within the previous 15 years, even if the length of the term of imprisonment for the offense is based on recidivist or other en-hancements and regardless of whether the conviction was entered before, on, or after September 30, 1996, and means—’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘mur-der, rape, or sexual abuse of a minor;’’ and inserting ‘‘an offense relating to murder, manslaughter, homicide, rape (whether the victim was conscious or unconscious), statu-tory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature involving a victim under the age of 18 years;’’; (3) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘an offense relating to’’ before ‘‘illicit trafficking’’; and (B) by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘and any offense under State law relating to a controlled sub-stance (as so classified under State law) which is classified as a felony in that State, regardless of whether the substance is classi-fied as a controlled substance under section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (8 U.S.C. 802)’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘an offense relating to’’ before ‘‘illicit traf-ficking in firearms’’; (5) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘or 2252’’ and inserting ‘‘2252, or 2252A’’; (6) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘for which the term of imprisonment is at least one year;’’ and inserting ‘‘, including of-fenses of assault and battery under State or Federal law, for which the term of imprison-ment is at least one year, except that if the conviction records do not conclusively estab-lish whether a crime constitutes a crime of violence, the Attorney General or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may consider other evidence related to the conviction that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime of violence;’’; (7) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(G) an offense relating to a theft under State or Federal law (including theft by de-ceit, theft by fraud, and receipt of stolen property) regardless of whether any taking was temporary or permanent, or burglary of-fense under State or Federal law for which the term of imprisonment is at least one year, except that if the conviction records do not conclusively establish whether a crime constitutes a theft or burglary offense, the Attorney General or Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may consider other evidence related to the conviction that es-tablishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a theft or bur-glary offense;’’; (8) in subparagraph (N)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of’’; and (B) by inserting a semicolon at the end; (9) in subparagraph (O), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 275(a) or 276 committed by an alien who was previously deported on the basis of a conviction for an offense described in an-other subparagraph of this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘section 275 or 276 for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year’’; (10) in subparagraph (P)— (A) by striking ‘‘(i) which either is falsely making, forging, counterfeiting, mutilating, or altering a passport or instrument in viola-tion of section 1543 of title 18, United States Code, or is described in section 1546(a) of such title (relating to document fraud) and (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘which is described in any section of chapter 75 of title 18, United States Code, and’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5402 June 21, 2018 
(B) by striking ‘‘, except in the case of a first offense for which the alien has affirma-tively shown that the alien committed the offense for the purpose of assisting, abetting, or aiding only the alien’s spouse, child, or parent (and no other individual) to violate a provision of this Act’’; (11) in subparagraph (U), by striking ‘‘an attempt or conspiracy to commit an offense described in this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘attempting or conspiring to commit an of-fense described in this paragraph, or aiding, abetting, counseling, procuring, com-manding, inducing, or soliciting the commis-sion of such an offense’’; and (12) by striking the undesignated matter following subparagraph (U). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; A PPLICATION OF  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a)— (A) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (B) shall apply to any act or conviction that occurred before, on, or after such date. (2) A
PPLICATION OF IIRIRA AMENDMENTS .— The amendments to section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)) made by section 321 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–627) shall continue to apply, whether the conviction was entered before, on, or after September 30, 1996. 
SEC. 3306. PRECLUDING WITHHOLDING OF RE-MOVAL FOR AGGRAVATED FELONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(B)), is amended by inserting after clause (v) the following: ‘‘(vi) the alien is convicted of an aggra-vated felony.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply— (1) to any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) to all aliens who are required to estab-lish admissibility on or after such date, and in all removal, deportation, or exclusion pro-ceedings that are filed, pending, or reopened on or after such date. 
SEC. 3307. PROTECTING IMMIGRANTS FROM CON-VICTED SEX OFFENDERS. 
(a) I MMIGRANTS .—Section 204(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(a)(1)), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (viii) to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) Clause (i) shall not apply to a cit-izen of the United States who has been con-victed of an offense described in subpara-graph (A), (I), or (K) of section 101(a)(43), un-less the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discre-tion, determines that the citizen poses no risk to the alien with respect to whom a pe-tition described in clause (i) is filed.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (A) by redesignating the second subclause (I) as subclause (II); and (B) by amending such subclause (II) to read as follows: ‘‘(II) Subclause (I) shall not apply in the case of an alien admitted for permanent resi-dence who has been convicted of an offense described in subparagraph (A), (I), or (K) of section 101(a)(43), unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that the alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence poses no risk to the alien with re-spect to whom a petition described in sub-clause (I) is filed.’’. (b) N
ONIMMIGRANTS .—Section 101(a)(15)(K) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(K)), is amended by striking ‘‘204(a)(1)(A)(viii)(I))’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘204(a)(1)(A)(viii))’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to petitions filed on or after such date. 
SEC. 3308. CLARIFICATION TO CRIMES OF VIO-LENCE AND CRIMES INVOLVING MORAL TURPITUDE. 
(a) I NADMISSIBLE ALIENS .—Section 212(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
LARIFICATION .—If the conviction records do not conclusively establish wheth-er a crime constitutes a crime involving moral turpitude, the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as ap-propriate, may consider other evidence re-lated to the conviction that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime involving moral turpi-tude.’’. (b) D
EPORTABLE ALIENS .— (1) G
ENERAL CRIMES .—Section 237(a)(2)(A) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(A)), as amend-ed by this title, is further amended by insert-ing after clause (iv) the following: ‘‘(v) C
RIMES INVOLVING MORAL TURPITUDE .— If the conviction records do not conclusively establish whether a crime constitutes a crime involving moral turpitude, the Attor-ney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may consider other evidence related to the conviction that es-tablishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime in-volving moral turpitude.’’. (2) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE .—Section 237(a)(2)(E) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) C
RIMES OF VIOLENCE .—If the convic-tion records do not conclusively establish whether a crime of domestic violence con-stitutes a crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code), the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may con-sider other evidence related to the convic-tion that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime of violence.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3309. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears, except for the first ref-erence in paragraph (4)(B)(i), and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal period begins on the latest of the following: ‘‘(i) The date the order of removal becomes administratively final. ‘‘(ii) If the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date the order of re-moval becomes administratively final, the date the alien is taken into such custody. ‘‘(iii) If the alien is detained or confined (except under an immigration process) on the date the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final, the date the alien is taken into the custody of the Secretary, after the alien is released from such deten-tion or confinement.’’; (3) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) E
XTENSION .—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period if— ‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; ‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; ‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or ‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). ‘‘(ii) RENEWAL .—If the removal period has been extended under subparagraph (C)(i), a new removal period shall be deemed to have begun on the date— ‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; ‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-fect; or ‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—In the case of an alien described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 236(c)(1), the Secretary shall keep that alien in detention during the extended period de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may seek relief from detention under this sub-paragraph only by filing an application for a writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by adding after ‘‘If the alien does not leave or is not removed within the removal period’’ the following: ‘‘or is not detained pursuant to paragraph (6) of this sub-section’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien, in order to prevent the alien from absconding, for the protection of the community, or for other purposes related to the enforcement of the immigration laws.’’; (5) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (6) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .—For an alien who is not otherwise subject to mandatory detention, who has made all reasonable ef-forts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary of Home-land Security’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5403 June 21, 2018 
has not conspired or acted to prevent re-moval, the Secretary shall establish an ad-ministrative review process to determine whether the alien should be detained or re-leased on conditions. The Secretary shall make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B). The determination shall include consideration of any evidence submitted by the alien, and may include con-sideration of any other evidence, including any information or assistance provided by the Secretary of State or other Federal offi-cial and any other information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in the exercise of the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, may continue to de-tain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the re-moval period as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subparagraph shall have no right to seek release on bond. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s sole discretion, may con-tinue to detain an alien beyond the 90 days authorized in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines that there is a significant likeli-hood that the alien— ‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; or ‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future, or would have been re-moved, but for the alien’s failure or refusal to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to cooperate fully with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, or con-spires or acts to prevent removal; ‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; ‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; ‘‘(cc) based on information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or ‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or any person, and either (AA) the alien has been convicted of one or more aggravated felonies (as defined in section 101(a)(43)(A)) or of one or more crimes identi-fied by the Secretary of Homeland Security by regulation, or of one or more attempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, if the ag-gregate term of imprisonment for such at-tempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or (BB) the alien has committed one or more crimes of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, but not includ-ing a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or ‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-clause (II), so long as the Secretary of Home-land Security has initiated the administra-tive review process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod, as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). ‘‘(iii) NO RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall have no right to seek release on bond, including by reason of a certifi-cation under clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(i) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months, after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 103, the Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), (cc), or (dd) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may request that the Attorney General or the Attorney General’s designee provide for a hearing to make the determina-tion described in item (dd)(BB) of subpara-graph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s discretion, may impose condi-tions on release as provided in paragraph (3). ‘‘(E) R
EDETENTION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s discretion, without any limita-tions other than those specified in this sec-tion, may again detain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody, if removal becomes likely in the reasonably foreseeable future, the alien fails to comply with the conditions of release, or to continue to satisfy the conditions de-scribed in subparagraph (A), or if, upon re-consideration, the Secretary, in the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). This section shall apply to any alien re-turned to custody pursuant to this subpara-graph, as if the removal period terminated on the day of the redetention. ‘‘(F) R
EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. 3310. TIMELY REPATRIATION. 
(a) L ISTING OF COUNTRIES .—Beginning on the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall publish a report includ-ing the following: (1) A list of the following: (A) Countries that have refused or unrea-sonably delayed repatriation of an alien who is a national of that country since the date of the enactment of this Act and the total number of such aliens, disaggregated by na-tionality. (B) Countries that have an excessive repa-triation failure rate. (2) A list of each country that was included under subparagraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (1) in both the report preceding the current report and the current report. (b) SANCTIONS .—Beginning on the date on which a country is included in a list under subsection (a)(2) and ending on the date on which that country is not included in such list, that country shall be subject to the fol-lowing: (1) The Secretary of State may not issue visas under section 101(a)(15)(A)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(A)(iii)) to attendants, servants, personal employees, and members of their immediate families, of the officials and em-ployees of that country who receive non-immigrant status under clause (i) or (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A) of such Act. (2) Each 6 months thereafter that the coun-try is included in that list, the Secretary of State shall reduce the number of visas avail-able under clause (i) or (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act in a fiscal year to nationals of that country by an amount equal to 10 percent of the baseline visa number for that country. Except as provided under section 243(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1253), the Secretary may not reduce the number to a level below 20 percent of the baseline visa number. (c) W
AIVERS .— (1) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—If the Sec-retary of State submits to Congress a writ-ten determination that significant national security interests of the United States re-quire a waiver of the sanctions under sub-section (b), the Secretary may waive any re-duction below 80 percent of the baseline visa number. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity may not delegate the authority under this subsection. (2) T
EMPORARY EXIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—If the Secretary of State submits to Congress a written determination that temporary exi-gent circumstances require a waiver of the sanctions under subsection (b), the Secretary may waive any reduction below 80 percent of the baseline visa number during 6-month re-newable periods. The Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority under this subsection. (d) E
XEMPTION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, may exempt a country from inclusion in a list under subsection (a)(2) if the total number of nonrepatriations out-standing is less than 10 for the preceding 3- year period. (e) U
NAUTHORIZED VISA ISSUANCE .—Any visa issued in violation of this section shall be void. (f) N
OTICE .—If an alien who has been con-victed of a criminal offense before a Federal or State court whose repatriation was re-fused or unreasonably delayed is to be re-leased from detention by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall pro-vide notice to the State and local law en-forcement agency for the jurisdictions in which the alien is required to report or is to be released. When possible, and particularly in the case of violent crime, the Secretary shall make a reasonable effort to provide no-tice of such release to any crime victims and their immediate family members. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) R
EFUSED OR UNREASONABLY DELAYED .—A country is deemed to have refused or unrea-sonably delayed the acceptance of an alien who is a citizen, subject, national, or resi-dent of that country if, not later than 90 days after receiving a request to repatriate such alien from an official of the United States who is authorized to make such a re-quest, the country does not accept the alien or issue valid travel documents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5404 June 21, 2018 
(2) F AILURE RATE .—The term ‘‘failure rate’’ for a period means the percentage deter-mined by dividing the total number of repa-triation requests for aliens who are citizens, subjects, nationals, or residents of a country that that country refused or unreasonably delayed during that period by the total num-ber of such requests during that period. (3) E
XCESSIVE REPATRIATION FAILURE  
RATE .—The term ‘‘excessive repatriation failure rate’’ means, with respect to a report under subsection (a), a failure rate greater than 10 percent for any of the following: (A) The period of the 3 full fiscal years pre-ceding the date of publication of the report. (B) The period of 1 year preceding the date of publication of the report. (4) N
UMBER OF NONREPATRIATIONS OUT -
STANDING .—The term ‘‘number of nonrepatri-ations outstanding’’ means, for a period, the number of unique aliens whose repatriation a country has refused or unreasonably delayed and whose repatriation has not occurred dur-ing that period. (5) B
ASELINE VISA NUMBER .—The term ‘‘baseline visa number’’ means, with respect to a country, the average number of visas issued each fiscal year to nationals of that country under clauses (i) and (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(A)) for the 3 full fiscal years immediately preceding the first report under subsection (a) in which that country is included in the list under subsection (a)(2). (h) GAO R
EPORT .—On the date that is 1 day after the date that the President submits a budget under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the progress of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State in im-plementation of this section and in making requests to repatriate aliens as appropriate. 
SEC. 3311. ILLEGAL REENTRY. 
Section 276 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 276. REENTRY OF REMOVED ALIEN. 
‘‘(a) R EENTRY AFTER REMOVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or re-moved, or who has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deporta-tion, or removal is outstanding, and subse-quently enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If an alien sought and re-ceived the express consent of the Secretary to reapply for admission into the United States, or, with respect to an alien pre-viously denied admission and removed, the alien was not required to obtain such ad-vance consent under the Immigration and Nationality Act or any prior Act, the alien shall not be subject to the fine and imprison-ment provided for in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
EENTRY OF CRIMINAL OFFENDERS .— Notwithstanding the penalty provided in subsection (a), if an alien described in that subsection was convicted before such re-moval or departure— ‘‘(1) for 3 or more misdemeanors or for a felony, the alien shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(2) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 30 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; ‘‘(3) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 60 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; or ‘‘(4) for murder, rape, kidnapping, or a fel-ony offense described in chapter 77 (relating to peonage and slavery) or 113B (relating to terrorism) of such title, or for 3 or more felo-nies of any kind, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 25 years, or both. ‘‘(c) REENTRY AFTER REPEATED REMOVAL .— Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or removed 3 or more times and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(d) P
ROOF OF PRIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convictions described in subsection (b) are elements of the crimes described, and the penalties in that subsection shall apply only in cases in which the conviction or convic-tions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(1) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(2) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(e) R
EENTRY OF ALIEN REMOVED PRIOR TO  C
OMPLETION OF TERM OF IMPRISONMENT .—Any alien removed pursuant to section 241(a)(4) who enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in, the United States shall be incarcerated for the remainder of the sentence of imprisonment which was pending at the time of deportation without any reduction for parole or supervised re-lease unless the alien affirmatively dem-onstrates that the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to the alien’s reentry. Such alien shall be subject to such other penalties relating to the reentry of removed aliens as may be available under this section or any other provision of law. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion and section 275, the following defini-tions shall apply: ‘‘(1) C
ROSSES THE BORDER TO THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘crosses the border’ refers to the physical act of crossing the border free from official restraint. ‘‘(2) O
FFICIAL RESTRAINT .—The term ‘offi-cial restraint’ means any restraint known to the alien that serves to deprive the alien of liberty and prevents the alien from going at large into the United States. Surveillance unbeknownst to the alien shall not con-stitute official restraint. ‘‘(3) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means any criminal offense punishable by a term of im-prisonment of more than 1 year under the laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(4) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means any criminal offense pun-ishable by a term of imprisonment of not more than 1 year under the applicable laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(5) R
EMOVAL .—The term ‘removal’ in-cludes any denial of admission, exclusion, deportation, or removal, or any agreement by which an alien stipulates or agrees to ex-clusion, deportation, or removal. ‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.’’. TITLE IV—ASYLUM REFORM 
SEC. 4401. CLARIFICATION OF INTENT REGARD-ING TAXPAYER-PROVIDED COUNSEL. 
Section 292 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1362) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In any removal pro-ceedings before an immigration judge and in any appeal proceedings before the Attorney General from any such removal proceedings’’ and inserting ‘‘In any removal proceedings before an immigration judge, or any other immigration proceedings before the Attor-ney General, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, or any appeal of such a proceeding’’. (2) by striking ‘‘(at no expense to the Gov-ernment)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in no instance shall the Government bear any expense for counsel for any person in proceedings described in this section.’’. SEC. 4402. CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
Section 235(b)(1)(B)(v) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘claim’’ and all that follows, and inserting ‘‘claim, as determined pursuant to section 208(b)(1)(B)(iii), and such other facts as are known to the officer, that the alien could establish eligibility for asy-lum under section 1158 of this title, and it is more probable than not that the statements made by, and on behalf of, the alien in sup-port of the alien’s claim are true.’’. 
SEC. 4403. RECORDING EXPEDITED REMOVAL AND CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish quality assur-ance procedures and take steps to effectively ensure that questions by employees of the Department of Homeland Security exercising expedited removal authority under section 235(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)) are asked in a uniform manner, to the extent possible, and that both these questions and the answers pro-vided in response to them are recorded in a uniform fashion. (b) F
ACTORS RELATING TO SWORN STATE -
MENTS .—Where practicable, any sworn or signed written statement taken of an alien as part of the record of a proceeding under section 235(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(A)) shall be accompanied by a recording of the inter-view which served as the basis for that sworn statement. (c) I
NTERPRETERS .—The Secretary shall en-sure that a competent interpreter, not affili-ated with the government of the country from which the alien may claim asylum, is used when the interviewing officer does not speak a language understood by the alien. (d) R
ECORDINGS IN IMMIGRATION PRO-
CEEDINGS .—There shall be an audio or audio visual recording of interviews of aliens sub-ject to expedited removal. The recording shall be included in the record of proceeding and shall be considered as evidence in any further proceedings involving the alien. (e) N
OPRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to create any right, benefit, trust, or responsibility, whether substantive or procedural, enforce-able in law or equity by a party against the United States, its departments, agencies, in-strumentalities, entities, officers, employ-ees, or agents, or any person, nor does this section create any right of review in any ad-ministrative, judicial, or other proceeding. 
SEC. 4404. SAFE THIRD COUNTRY. 
Section 208(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(a)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘removed, pursuant to a bi-lateral or multilateral agreement, to’’ and inserting ‘‘removed to’’. 
SEC. 4405. RENUNCIATION OF ASYLUM STATUS PURSUANT TO RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5405 June 21, 2018 
1158(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
ENUNCIATION OF STATUS PURSUANT TO  
RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), any alien who is granted asylum status under this Act, who, absent changed country conditions, subse-quently returns to the country of such alien’s nationality or, in the case of an alien having no nationality, returns to any coun-try in which such alien last habitually re-sided, and who applied for such status be-cause of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution in that country on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion, shall have his or her status terminated. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary has discre-tion to waive subparagraph (A) if it is estab-lished to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the alien had a compelling reason for the return. The waiver may be sought prior to departure from the United States or upon return. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ALIENS FROM  
CUBA .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who is eligible for adjustment to that of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence pursuant to the Cuban Ad-justment Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–732).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 208(c)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(c)(3)) is amended by insert-ing after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ the following: ‘‘or (4)’’. 
SEC. 4406. NOTICE CONCERNING FRIVOLOUS ASY-LUM APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(d)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(4)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and of the consequences, under paragraph (6), of knowingly filing a frivolous application for asylum; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) ensure that a written warning appears on the asylum application advising the alien of the consequences of filing a frivolous ap-plication and serving as notice to the alien of the consequence of filing a frivolous appli-cation.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 208(d)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(6)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘If the’’ and all that follows and insert-ing: ‘‘(A) If the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General determines that an alien has knowingly made a frivolous appli-cation for asylum and the alien has received the notice under paragraph (4)(C), the alien shall be permanently ineligible for any bene-fits under this chapter, effective as the date of the final determination of such an appli-cation; ‘‘(B) An application is frivolous if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General determines, consistent with sub-paragraph (C), that— ‘‘(i) it is so insufficient in substance that it is clear that the applicant knowingly filed the application solely or in part to delay re-moval from the United States, to seek em-ployment authorization as an applicant for asylum pursuant to regulations issued pursu-ant to paragraph (2), or to seek issuance of a Notice to Appeal in order to pursue Cancella-tion of Removal under section 240A(b); or ‘‘(ii) any of its material elements are delib-erately fabricated. ‘‘(C) In determining that an application is frivolous, the Secretary or the Attorney General, must be satisfied that the appli-cant, during the course of the proceedings, has had sufficient opportunity to clarify any discrepancies or implausible aspects of the claim. ‘‘(D) For purposes of this section, a finding that an alien filed a frivolous asylum appli-cation shall not preclude the alien from seeking withholding of removal under sec-tion 241(b)(3).) or protection pursuant to the Convention Against Torture.’’. SEC. 4407. ANTI-FRAUD INVESTIGATIVE WORK PRODUCT. 
(a) A SYLUM CREDIBILITY DETERMINATIONS .— Section 208(b)(1)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(1)(B)(iii)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘all relevant factors’’ the following: ‘‘, including statements made to, and investiga-tive reports prepared by, immigration au-thorities and other government officials’’. (b) R
ELIEF FOR REMOVAL CREDIBILITY DE-
TERMINATIONS .—Section 240(c)(4)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(c)(4)(C)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘all relevant factors’’ the following: ‘‘, in-cluding statements made to, and investiga-tive reports prepared by, immigration au-thorities and other government officials’’. 
SEC. 4408. PENALTIES FOR ASYLUM FRAUD. 
Section 1001 of title 18 is amended by in-serting at the end of the paragraph— ‘‘(d) Whoever, in any matter before the Secretary of Homeland Security or the At-torney General pertaining to asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act or withholding of removal under section 241(b)(3) of such Act, knowingly and willfully— ‘‘(1) makes any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation; or ‘‘(2) makes or uses any false writings or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry; shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 4409. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR ASY-LUM FRAUD. 
Section 3291 of title 18 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1544,’’ and inserting ‘‘1544 and 1546,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘offense.’’ and inserting ‘‘of-fense or within 10 years after the fraud is dis-covered.’’. 
SEC. 4410. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; and (C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’. TITLE V—UNACCOMPANIED AND ACCOM-PANIED ALIEN MINORS APPREHENDED ALONG THE BORDER SEC. 5501. REPATRIATION OF UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending the heading to read as fol-lows: ‘‘R
ULES FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHIL -
DREN .—’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘who is a national or habitual resi-dent of a country that is contiguous with the United States’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (IV) by striking clause (iii); (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.)—’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting before ‘‘per-mit such child to withdraw’’ the following: ‘‘may’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting before ‘‘re-turn such child’’ the following: ‘‘shall’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending the heading to read as fol-lows: ‘‘A
GREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .—’’; and (II) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State shall nego-tiate agreements between the United States and countries contiguous to the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of State may negotiate agreements between the United States and any foreign country that the Secretary determines appropriate’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively, and inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR INTERVIEWING UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .—An unaccom-panied alien child shall be interviewed by a dedicated U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services immigration officer with special-ized training in interviewing child traf-ficking victims. Such officer shall be in plain clothes and shall not carry a weapon. The interview shall occur in a private room.’’; and (C) in paragraph (6)(D) (as so redesig-nated)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘, except for an unaccompanied alien child from a contiguous country sub-ject to exceptions under subsection (a)(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘who does not meet the cri-teria listed in paragraph (2)(A)’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, which shall include a hearing before an immigra-tion judge not later than 14 days after being screened under paragraph (4)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘believed not to meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘and does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5406 June 21, 2018 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘an unac-companied alien child in custody shall’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘an unaccompanied alien child in custody— ‘‘(A) in the case of a child who does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), shall transfer the custody of such child to the Secretary of Health and Human Services not later than 30 days after deter-mining that such child is an unaccompanied alien child who does not meet such criteria; or ‘‘(B) in the case of child who meets the cri-teria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), may transfer the custody of such child to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services after determining that such child is an unaccom-panied alien child who meets such criteria.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUALS WITH  
WHOM CHILDREN ARE PLACED .— ‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO HOME -
LAND SECURITY .—Before placing a child with an individual, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, regarding the individual with whom the child will be placed, the following information: ‘‘(I) The name of the individual. ‘‘(II) The social security number of the in-dividual. ‘‘(III) The date of birth of the individual. ‘‘(IV) The location of the individual’s resi-dence where the child will be placed. ‘‘(V) The immigration status of the indi-vidual, if known. ‘‘(VI) Contact information for the indi-vidual. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of a child who was apprehended on or after June 15, 2012, and before the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, who the Secretary of Health and Human Services placed with an individual, the Secretary shall provide the information listed in clause (i) to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. ‘‘(iii) A
CTIVITIES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY .—Not later than 30 days after receiving the information listed in clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall— ‘‘(I) in the case that the immigration sta-tus of an individual with whom a child is placed is unknown, investigate the immigra-tion status of that individual; and ‘‘(II) upon determining that an individual with whom a child is placed is unlawfully present in the United States, initiate re-moval proceedings pursuant to chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.).’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘to the greatest ex-tent practicable’’ the following: ‘‘(at no ex-pense to the Government)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘have counsel to represent them’’ and inserting ‘‘have access to counsel to represent them’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any un-authorized alien child apprehended on or after June 15, 2012. 
SEC. 5502. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE STA-TUS FOR IMMIGRANTS UNABLE TO REUNITE WITH EITHER PARENT. 
Section 101(a)(27)(J)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1 or both of the immigrant’s parents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘either of the immigrant’s parents’’. SEC. 5503. JURISDICTION OF ASYLUM APPLICA-TIONS. 
Section 208(b)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 5504. QUARTERLY REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than January 5, 2019, and every 3 months thereafter— (1) the Attorney General shall submit a re-port on— (A) the total number of asylum cases filed by unaccompanied alien children and com-pleted by an immigration judge during the 3- month period preceding the date of the re-port, and the percentage of those cases in which asylum was granted; and (B) the number of unaccompanied alien children who failed to appear for any pro-ceeding before an immigration judge during the 3-month period preceding the date of the report; and (2) the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report on the total number of applications for asylum, filed by unaccom-panied alien children, that were adjudicated during the 3-month period preceding the date of the report and the percentage of those ap-plications that were granted. 
SEC. 5505. BIANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than January 5, 2019, and every 6 months thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit a report to Congress on each crime for which an unaccompanied alien child is charged or convicted during the pre-vious 6-month period following their release from the custody of the Secretary of Home-land Security pursuant to section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232). 
SEC. 5506. CLARIFICATION OF STANDARDS FOR FAMILY DETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) C
ONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, judicial determina-tion, consent decree, or settlement agree-ment, the detention of any alien child who is not an unaccompanied alien child shall be governed by sections 217, 235, 236, and 241 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187, 1225, 1226, and 1231). There exists no presumption that an alien child who is not an unaccompanied alien child should not be detained, and all such determinations shall be in the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF MINORS OTHER THAN UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIENS .—In no circumstances shall an alien minor who is not an unaccom-panied alien child be released by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security other than to a parent or legal guardian.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to all actions that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. DIVISION C—BORDER ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 1100. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Border Security for America Act of 2018’’. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY 
SEC. 1101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DVANCED UNATTENDED SURVEILLANCE  
SENSORS .—The term ‘‘advanced unattended surveillance sensors’’ means sensors that utilize an onboard computer to analyze de-tections in an effort to discern between vehi-cles, humans, and animals, and ultimately filter false positives prior to transmission. (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(2) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(2)). (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (4) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘‘high traffic areas’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e)(1) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996, as amended by section 1111 of this division. (5) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘‘operational control’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (7) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7)). (8) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘small unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small un-manned aircraft’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (9) T
RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit zone’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(8) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7)). (10) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial system’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (11) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ in sec-tion 331 of the FAA Modernization and Re-form Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). Subtitle A—Infrastructure and Equipment 
SEC. 1111. STRENGTHENING THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BARRIERS ALONG THE SOUTH-ERN BORDER. 
Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1103 note) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall take such actions as may be necessary (including the removal of obsta-cles to detection of illegal entrants) to de-sign, test, construct, install, deploy, and op-erate physical barriers, tactical infrastruc-ture, and technology in the vicinity of the United States border to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border and deter, impede, and detect illegal activity in high traffic areas.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ENCING AND ROADIMPROVEMENTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘P
HYSICAL BARRIERS ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘this section’’; (II) by striking ‘‘roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors’’ and inserting ‘‘tactical infra-structure, and technology’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘gain’’ inserting ‘‘achieve situational awareness and’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS AND TACTICAL IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5407 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective physical bar-riers and tactical infrastructure available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION FOR CERTAIN PHYSICAL  
BARRIERS AND TACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— The deployment of physical barriers and tac-tical infrastructure under this subparagraph shall not apply in any area or region along the border where natural terrain features, natural barriers, or the remoteness of such area or region would make any such deploy-ment ineffective, as determined by the Sec-retary, for the purposes of achieving situa-tional awareness or operational control of such area or region.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, before constructing physical barriers in a specific area or region, consult with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, appropriate representatives of Federal, State, local, and tribal govern-ments, and appropriate private property owners in the United States to minimize the impact on the environment, culture, com-merce, and quality of life for the commu-nities and residents located near the sites at which such physical barriers are to be con-structed.’’; (II) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (III) by inserting after clause (i), as amend-ed, the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the consultation required under clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate of the type of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology the Secretary has determined is most practical and effective to achieve sit-uational awareness and operational control in a specific area or region and the other al-ternatives the Secretary considered before making such a determination.’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (D); (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘this section’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘construction of fences’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of physical barriers’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) A
GENT SAFETY .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, when designing, constructing, and deploying physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology, shall incorporate such safety features into such design, construction, or deployment of such physical barriers, tac-tical infrastructure, or technology, as the case may be, that the Secretary determines, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, are nec-essary to maximize the safety and effective-ness of officers or agents of the Department of Homeland Security or of any other Fed-eral agency deployed in the vicinity of such physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending para-graph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall have the authority to waive all legal requirements the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines necessary to ensure the expeditious design, testing, construction, installation, deployment, operation, and maintenance of the physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology under this section. Any such decision by the Secretary shall be effective upon publication in the Federal Register.’’; and (4) by adding after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) TECHNOLOGY .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective technology available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as re-quiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to install tactical infrastructure, tech-nology, and physical barriers in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain situational awareness and operational control over the international border at such location. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘high traffic areas’ means areas in the vicinity of the United States border that— ‘‘(A) are within the responsibility of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) have significant unlawful cross-border activity, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘operational control’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). ‘‘(3) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS .—The term ‘phys-ical barriers’ includes reinforced fencing, border wall system, and levee walls. ‘‘(4) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘situational awareness’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). ‘‘(5) T
ACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘tactical infrastructure’ includes boat ramps, access gates, checkpoints, lighting, and roads. ‘‘(6) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ includes border surveillance and detection technology, including the following: ‘‘(A) Tower-based surveillance technology. ‘‘(B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. ‘‘(C) Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radars (VADER). ‘‘(D) 3-dimensional, seismic acoustic detec-tion and ranging border tunneling detection technology. ‘‘(E) Advanced unattended surveillance sensors. ‘‘(F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man- portable surveillance capabilities. ‘‘(G) Unmanned aerial vehicles. ‘‘(H) Other border detection, communica-tion, and surveillance technology. ‘‘(7) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .—The term ‘unmanned aerial vehicle’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 1112. AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS FLIGHT HOURS. 
(a) I NCREASED FLIGHT HOURS .—The Sec- retary, after coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, shall ensure that not fewer than 95,000 annual flight hours are carried out by Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that Air and Marine Op-erations operate unmanned aerial systems on the southern border of the United States for not less than 24 hours per day for five days per week. (c) C
ONTRACT AIRSUPPORT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—The Commissioner shall contract for the unfulfilled identified air support mission critical hours, as identified by the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol. (d) P
RIMARY MISSION .—The Commissioner shall ensure that— (1) the primary missions for Air and Ma-rine Operations are to directly support U.S. Border Patrol activities along the southern border of the United States and Joint Inter-agency Task Force South operations in the transit zone; and (2) the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Air and Marine Operations assigns the greatest priority to support missions estab-lished by the Commissioner to carry out the requirements under this Act. (e) H
IGH-DEMAND FLIGHT HOUR REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In accordance with subsection (d), the Commissioner shall ensure that U.S. Border Patrol Sector Chiefs— (1) identify critical flight hour require-ments; and (2) direct Air and Marine Operations to support requests from Sector Chiefs as their primary mission. (f) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of the U.S. Bor-der Patrol shall be the executive agent for U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of small unmanned aerial vehicles for the pur-pose of meeting the U.S. Border Patrol’s unmet flight hour operational requirements and to achieve situational awareness and operational control. (2) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall— (A) coordinate flight operations with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to ensure the safe and efficient operation of the National Airspace System; and (B) coordinate with the Executive Assist-ant Commissioner for Air and Marine Oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure the safety of other U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection aircraft flying in the vicinity of small unmanned aerial ve-hicles operated by the U.S. Border Patrol. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of section 411(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(e)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) carry out the small unmanned aerial vehicle requirements pursuant to subsection (f) of section 1112 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; and’’. (g) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall confer, transfer, or delegate to the Secretary, the Commissioner, the Executive Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, or the Chief of the U.S. Border Pa-trol any authority of the Secretary of Trans-portation or the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration relating to the use of airspace or aviation safety. 
SEC. 1113. CAPABILITY DEPLOYMENT TO SPE-CIFIC SECTORS AND TRANSIT ZONE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary, in implementing sec-tion 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5408 June 21, 2018 
amended by section 1111 of this division), and acting through the appropriate component of the Department of Homeland Security, shall deploy to each sector or region of the south-ern border and the northern border, in a prioritized manner to achieve situational awareness and operational control of such borders, the following additional capabili-ties: (1) S
AN DIEGO SECTOR .—For the San Diego sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Subterranean surveillance and detec-tion technologies. (C) To increase coastal maritime domain awareness, the following: (i) Deployable, lighter-than-air surface sur-veillance equipment. (ii) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (iii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection maritime patrol aircraft. (iv) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (v) Maritime signals intelligence capabili-ties. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (2) E
L CENTRO SECTOR .—For the El Centro sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (3) Y
UMA SECTOR .—For the Yuma sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (4) T
UCSON SECTOR .—For the Tucson sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (C) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (5) EL PASO SECTOR .—For the El Paso sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (6) B
IG BEND SECTOR .—For the Big Bend sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (7) D
EL RIO SECTOR .—For the Del Rio sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Improved maritime capabilities in the Amistad National Recreation Area. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (8) L
AREDO SECTOR .—For the Laredo sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Maritime detection resources for the Falcon Lake region. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (F) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (9) R
IO GRANDE VALLEY SECTOR .—For the Rio Grande Valley sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, footpaths. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (I) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (J) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (K) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (10) BLAINE SECTOR .—For the Blaine sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (11) S
POKANE SECTOR .—For the Spokane sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (C) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (F) Completion of six miles of the Bog Creek road. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (12) H
AVRE SECTOR .—For the Havre sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (13) G
RAND FORKS SECTOR .—For the Grand Forks sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (14) D
ETROIT SECTOR .—For the Detroit sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5409 June 21, 2018 
(B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (15) B
UFFALO SECTOR .—For the Buffalo sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (16) S
WANTON SECTOR .—For the Swanton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (17) H
OULTON SECTOR .—For the Houlton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (18) T
RANSIT ZONE .—For the transit zone, the following: (A) Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, an increase in the number of overall cutter, boat, and air-craft hours spent conducting interdiction op-erations over the average number of such hours during the preceding three fiscal years. (B) Increased maritime signals intelligence capabilities. (C) To increase maritime domain aware-ness, the following: (i) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (ii) Increased maritime aviation patrol hours. (D) Increased operational hours for mari-time security components dedicated to joint counter-smuggling and interdiction efforts with other Federal agencies, including the Deployable Specialized Forces of the Coast Guard. (E) Coastal radar surveillance systems with long range day and night cameras capa-ble of providing full maritime domain aware-ness of the United States territorial waters surrounding Puerto Rico, Mona Island, Desecheo Island, Vieques Island, Culebra Is-land, Saint Thomas, Saint John, and Saint Croix. (b) TACTICAL FLEXIBILITY .— (1) S
OUTHERN AND NORTHERN LAND BOR -
DERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on September 30, 2021, or after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of the capabilities re-quired in each sector specified in subsection (a), whichever comes later, the Secretary may deviate from such capability deploy-ments if the Secretary determines that such deviation is required to achieve situational awareness or operational control. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary exer-cises the authority described in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after such exercise, notify the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives regarding the deviation under such subparagraph that is the subject of such exercise. If the Secretary makes any changes to such deviation, the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after any such change, notify such committees regarding such change. (2) T
RANSIT ZONE .— (A) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the capa-bility deployments for the transit zone speci-fied in paragraph (18) of subsection (a), in-cluding information relating to— (i) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed; and (ii) the impact such deployments have on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (B) A
LTERATION .—The Secretary may alter the capability deployments referred to in this section if the Secretary— (i) determines, after consultation with the committees referred to in subparagraph (A), that such alteration is necessary; and (ii) not later than 30 days after making a determination under clause (i), notifies the committees referred to in such subparagraph regarding such alteration, including infor-mation relating to— (I) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed pursuant to such alteration; and (II) the impact such alteration has on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (c) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), the Secretary may deploy the ca-pabilities referred to in subsection (a) in a manner that is inconsistent with the re-quirements specified in such subsection if, after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of such capabilities, the Secretary determines that exigent circumstances de-mand such an inconsistent deployment or that such an inconsistent deployment is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representative and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days after making a determination under paragraph (1). Such notification shall in-clude a detailed justification regarding such determination. SEC. 1114. U.S. BORDER PATROL ACTIVITIES. 
The Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall prioritize the deployment of U.S. Border Pa-trol agents to as close to the physical land border as possible, consistent with border se-curity enforcement priorities and accessi-bility to such areas. 
SEC. 1115. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 435. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) M AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘major ac-quisition program’ means an acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is estimated by the Secretary to require an eventual total expenditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2017 constant dollars) over its life cycle cost. ‘‘(b) P
LANNING DOCUMENTATION .—For each border security technology acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is determined to be a major acquisition program, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that each such program has a written acquisition program baseline ap-proved by the relevant acquisition decision authority; ‘‘(2) document that each such program is meeting cost, schedule, and performance thresholds as specified in such baseline, in compliance with relevant departmental ac-quisition policies and the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; and ‘‘(3) have a plan for meeting program im-plementation objectives by managing con-tractor performance. ‘‘(c) A
DHERENCE TO STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall ensure border security technology acquisi-tion program managers who are responsible for carrying out this section adhere to rel-evant internal control standards identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. The Commissioner shall provide in-formation, as needed, to assist the Under Secretary in monitoring management of bor-der security technology acquisition pro-grams under this section. ‘‘(d) P
LAN.—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a plan for testing, evaluating, and using independent verification and validation resources for bor-der security technology. Under the plan, new border security technologies shall be evalu-ated through a series of assessments, proc-esses, and audits to ensure— ‘‘(1) compliance with relevant depart-mental acquisition policies and the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and ‘‘(2) the effective use of taxpayer dollars.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 435. Border security technology pro-gram management.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 435 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). Such section shall be carried out using 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5410 June 21, 2018 
amounts otherwise authorized for such pur-poses. 
SEC. 1116. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES FOR DE-PLOYMENT OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AT THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With the approval of the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense, the Governor of a State may order any units or personnel of the National Guard of such State to perform operations and missions under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, along the southern border for the pur-poses of assisting U.S. Customs and Border Protection to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border. (b) A
SSIGNMENT OF OPERATIONS AND MIS-
SIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—National Guard units and personnel deployed under subsection (a) may be assigned such operations and missions specified in subsection (c) as may be nec-essary to secure the southern border. (2) N
ATURE OF DUTY .—The duty of National Guard personnel performing operations and missions described in paragraph (1) shall be full-time duty under title 32, United States Code. (c) R
ANGE OF OPERATIONS AND MISSIONS .— The operations and missions assigned under subsection (b) shall include the temporary authority to— (1) construct reinforced fencing or other physical barriers; (2) operate ground-based surveillance sys-tems; (3) operate unmanned and manned aircraft; (4) provide radio communications inter-operability between U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies; (5) construct checkpoints along the South-ern border to bridge the gap to long-term permanent checkpoints; and (6) provide intelligence support. (d) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense shall deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistical support as may be necessary to ensure success of the operations and missions conducted by the National Guard under this section. (e) R
EIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall reimburse States for the cost of the de-ployment of any units or personnel of the National Guard to perform operations and missions in full-time State Active Duty in support of a southern border mission. The Secretary of Defense may not seek reim-bursement from the Secretary for any reim-bursements paid to States for the costs of such deployments. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of reim-bursements under this section may not ex-ceed $35,000,000 for any fiscal year. 
SEC. 1117. NATIONAL GUARD SUPPORT TO SE-CURE THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary, shall provide assistance to U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection for purposes of increasing on-going efforts to secure the southern border. (b) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— The assistance provided under subsection (a) may include— (1) deployment of manned aircraft, un-manned aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to sup-port continuous surveillance of the southern border; and (2) intelligence analysis support. (c) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense may deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistics support as may be necessary to ensure the effectiveness of the assistance provided under subsection (a). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense $75,000,000 to pro-vide assistance under this section. The Sec-retary of Defense may not seek reimburse-ment from the Secretary for any assistance provided under this section. (e) REPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) regarding any assistance pro-vided under subsection (a) during the period specified in paragraph (3). (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include, for the period speci-fied in paragraph (3), a description of— (A) the assistance provided; (B) the sources and amounts of funds used to provide such assistance; and (C) the amounts obligated to provide such assistance. (3) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this paragraph is— (A) in the case of the first report required under paragraph (1), the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) in the case of any subsequent report submitted under paragraph (1), the calendar year for which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 1118. PROHIBITIONS ON ACTIONS THAT IM-PEDE BORDER SECURITY ON CER-TAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON INTERFERENCE WITH U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned may not impede, prohibit, or restrict activi-ties of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on covered Federal land to carry out the ac-tivities described in subsection (b). (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct activities described in subsection (b) on cov-ered Federal land applies without regard to whether a state of emergency exists. (b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES OF U.S. C US-
TOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall have immediate access to covered Federal land to conduct the activi-ties described in paragraph (2) on such land to prevent all unlawful entries into the United States, including entries by terror-ists, unlawful aliens, instruments of ter-rorism, narcotics, and other contraband through the southern border or the northern border. (2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are— (A) the execution of search and rescue op-erations; (B) the use of motorized vehicles, foot pa-trols, and horseback to patrol the border area, apprehend illegal entrants, and rescue individuals; and (C) the design, testing, construction, in-stallation, deployment, and operation of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology pursuant to section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 1111 of this division). (c) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO WAIVER AU-
THORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The activities of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection described in sub-section (b)(2) may be carried out without re-gard to the provisions of law specified in paragraph (2). (2) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW SPECIFIED .—The pro- visions of law specified in this section are all Federal, State, or other laws, regulations, and legal requirements of, deriving from, or related to the subject of, the following laws: (A) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (C) The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’). (D) Division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code (54 U.S.C. 300301 et seq.) (formerly known as the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Act’’). (E) The Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.). (F) The Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (G) The Archaeological Resources Protec-tion Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.). (H) The Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.). (I) The Noise Control Act of 1972 (42 U.S.C. 4901 et seq.). (J) The Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (K) The Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). (L) Chapter 3125 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Archae-ological and Historic Preservation Act’’). (M) The Antiquities Act (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.). (N) Chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Historic Sites, Buildings, and Antiquities Act’’). (O) The Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). (P) The Farmland Protection Policy Act (7 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). (Q) The Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.). (R) The Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (S) The Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (T) The National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.). (U) The Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.). (V) The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). (W) Subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’). (X) The Otay Mountain Wilderness Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–145). (Y) Sections 102(29) and 103 of the Cali-fornia Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433). (Z) Division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘National Park Service Organic Act’’. (AA) The National Park Service General Authorities Act (Public Law 91–383, 16 U.S.C. 1a–1 et seq.). (BB) Sections 401(7), 403, and 404 of the Na-tional Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–625). (CC) Sections 301(a) through (f) of the Ari-zona Desert Wilderness Act (Public Law 101– 628). (DD) The Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403). (EE) The Eagle Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.). (FF) The Native American Graves Protec-tion and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). (GG) The American Indian Religious Free-dom Act (42 U.S.C. 1996). (II) The National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.). (JJ) The Multiple Use and Sustained Yield Act of 1960 (16 U.S.C. 528 et seq.). (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF WAIVER TO SUCCESSOR  
LAWS .—If a provision of law specified in para-graph (2) was repealed and incorporated into title 54, United States Code, after April 1, 2008, and before the date of the enactment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5411 June 21, 2018 
this Act, the waiver described in paragraph (1) shall apply to the provision of such title that corresponds to the provision of law specified in paragraph (2) to the same extent the waiver applied to that provision of law. (4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The waiver authority under this subsection may not be construed as affecting, negating, or diminishing in any manner the applicability of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), in any relevant matter. (d) P
ROTECTION OF LEGAL USES.—This sec- tion may not be construed to provide— (1) authority to restrict legal uses, such as grazing, hunting, mining, or recreation or the use of backcountry airstrips, on land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture; or (2) any additional authority to restrict legal access to such land. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE AND PRIVATE LAND.— This section shall— (1) have no force or effect on State lands or private lands; and (2) not provide authority on or access to State lands or private lands. (f) T
RIBAL SOVEREIGNTY .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede, re-place, negate, or diminish treaties or other agreements between the United States and Indian tribes. (g) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The requirements of this section shall not apply to the extent that such requirements are in-compatible with any memorandum of under-standing or similar agreement entered into between the Commissioner and a National Park Unit before the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘covered Federal land’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary concerned that is located within 100 miles of the south-ern border or the northern border. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Agriculture, the Secretary of Agriculture; and (B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of the Interior, the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 1119. LANDOWNER AND RANCHER SECURITY ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BORDER  S
ECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Sec- retary shall establish a National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee, which— (1) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to border security matters, including— (A) verifying security claims and the bor-der security metrics established by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 1092 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223); and (B) discussing ways to improve the secu-rity of high traffic areas along the northern border and the southern border; and (2) may provide, through the Secretary, recommendations to Congress. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS.—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of the National Border Security Advisory Committee in for-mulating policy regarding matters affecting border security. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee shall consist of at least one member from each State who— (1) has at least five years practical experi-ence in border security operations; or (2) lives and works in the United States within 80 miles from the southern border or the northern border. (d) NONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the National Border Security Advi-sory Committee. 
SEC. 1120. ERADICATION OF CARRIZO CANE AND SALT CEDAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary, after coordinating with the heads of the relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, shall begin eradi-cating the carrizo cane plant and any salt cedar along the Rio Grande River that im-pedes border security operations. (b) E
XTENT .—The waiver authority under subsection (c) of section 102 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1103 note), as amended by section 1111 of this division, shall extend to activities carried out pursu-ant to this section. 
SEC. 1121. SOUTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) T HREAT ANALYSIS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a Southern border threat anal-ysis. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The analysis submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an assess-ment of— (A) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (i) to unlawfully enter the United States through the Southern border; or (ii) to exploit security vulnerabilities along the Southern border; (B) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Southern border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; (C) gaps in law, policy, and coordination between State, local, or tribal law enforce-ment, international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder effective and effi-cient border security, counterterrorism, and anti-human smuggling and trafficking ef-forts; (D) the current percentage of situational awareness achieved by the Department along the Southern border; (E) the current percentage of operational control achieved by the Department on the Southern border; and (F) traveler crossing times and any poten-tial security vulnerability associated with prolonged wait times. (3) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In compiling the Southern border threat analysis required under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider and examine— (A) the technology needs and challenges, including such needs and challenges identi-fied as a result of previous investments that have not fully realized the security and oper-ational benefits that were sought; (B) the personnel needs and challenges, in-cluding such needs and challenges associated with recruitment and hiring; (C) the infrastructure needs and chal-lenges; (D) the roles and authorities of State, local, and tribal law enforcement in general border security activities; (E) the status of coordination among Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and Mexican law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (F) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Southern border; and (G) the international agreements between the United States and Mexico related to bor-der security. (4) CLASSIFIED FORM .—To the extent pos-sible, the Secretary shall submit the South-ern border threat analysis required under this subsection in unclassified form, but may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines such action is appropriate. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL STRATEGIC PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the threat analysis required under subsection (a) or June 30, 2018, and every five years thereafter, the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, shall issue a Border Patrol Strategic Plan. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The Border Patrol Stra-tegic Plan required under this subsection shall include a consideration of— (A) the Southern border threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a), with an empha-sis on efforts to mitigate threats identified in such threat analysis; (B) efforts to analyze and disseminate bor-der security and border threat information between border security components of the Department and other appropriate Federal departments and agencies with missions as-sociated with the Southern border; (C) efforts to increase situational aware-ness, including— (i) surveillance capabilities, including ca-pabilities developed or utilized by the De-partment of Defense, and any appropriate technology determined to be excess by the Department of Defense; and (ii) the use of manned aircraft and un-manned aerial systems, including camera and sensor technology deployed on such as-sets; (D) efforts to detect and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; (E) efforts to detect, interdict, and disrupt aliens and illicit drugs at the earliest pos-sible point; (F) efforts to focus intelligence collection to disrupt transnational criminal organiza-tions outside of the international and mari-time borders of the United States; (G) efforts to ensure that any new border security technology can be operationally in-tegrated with existing technologies in use by the Department; (H) any technology required to maintain, support, and enhance security and facilitate trade at ports of entry, including nonintru-sive detection equipment, radiation detec-tion equipment, biometric technology, sur-veillance systems, and other sensors and technology that the Secretary determines to be necessary; (I) operational coordination unity of effort initiatives of the border security components of the Department, including any relevant task forces of the Department; (J) lessons learned from Operation Jumpstart and Operation Phalanx; (K) cooperative agreements and informa-tion sharing with State, local, tribal, terri-torial, and other Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the North-ern border or the Southern border; (L) border security information received from consultation with State, local, tribal, territorial, and Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the North-ern border or the Southern border, or in the maritime environment, and from border community stakeholders (including through public meetings with such stakeholders), in-cluding representatives from border agricul-tural and ranching organizations and rep-resentatives from business and civic organi-zations along the Northern border or the Southern border; (M) staffing requirements for all depart-mental border security functions; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5412 June 21, 2018 
(N) a prioritized list of departmental re-search and development objectives to en-hance the security of the Southern border; (O) an assessment of training programs, in-cluding training programs for— (i) identifying and detecting fraudulent documents; (ii) understanding the scope of enforce-ment authorities and the use of force poli-cies; and (iii) screening, identifying, and addressing vulnerable populations, such as children and victims of human trafficking; and (P) an assessment of how border security operations affect border crossing times. 
SEC. 1122. AMENDMENTS TO U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) D UTIES .—Subsection (c) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (19) as para-graph (21); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(19) administer the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection public private partnerships under subtitle G; ‘‘(20) administer preclearance operations under the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4431 et seq.; enacted as sub-title B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.); and’’. (b) O
FFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS STAFF -
ING.—Subparagraph (A) of section 411(g)(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(g)(5)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘compared to the number indicated by the current fiscal year work flow staffing model’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Subparagraph (B) of section 814(e)(1) of the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4433(e)(1); enacted as subtitle B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) a port of entry vacancy rate which compares the number of officers identified in subparagraph (A) with the number of officers at the port at which such officer is currently assigned.’’. (d) D
EFINITION .—Subsection (r) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section, the terms’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this section: ‘‘(1) the terms’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as added by subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) the term ‘unmanned aerial systems’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 1123. AGENT AND OFFICER TECHNOLOGY USE. 
In carrying out section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 1111 of this division) and section 1113 of this division, the Secretary shall, to the greatest extent practicable, ensure that technology deployed to gain situational awareness and operational control of the border be provided to front-line officers and agents of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 1124. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 1115 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 436. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a program to be known as the Integrated Border En-forcement Team program (referred to in this section as ‘IBET’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the IBET program in a manner that re-sults in a cooperative approach between the United States and Canada to— ‘‘(1) strengthen security between des-ignated ports of entry; ‘‘(2) detect, prevent, investigate, and re-spond to terrorism and violations of law re-lated to border security; ‘‘(3) facilitate collaboration among compo-nents and offices within the Department and international partners; ‘‘(4) execute coordinated activities in fur-therance of border security and homeland se-curity; and ‘‘(5) enhance information-sharing, includ-ing the dissemination of homeland security information among such components and of-fices. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION AND LOCATION OF  IBET
S.— ‘‘(1) C
OMPOSITION .—IBETs shall be led by the United States Border Patrol and may be comprised of personnel from the following: ‘‘(A) Other subcomponents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(B) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, led by Homeland Security Inves-tigations. ‘‘(C) The Coast Guard, for the purpose of securing the maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(D) Other Department personnel, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(E) Other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate. ‘‘(F) Appropriate State law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(G) Foreign law enforcement partners. ‘‘(H) Local law enforcement agencies from affected border cities and communities. ‘‘(I) Appropriate tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—The Secretary is author-ized to establish IBETs in regions in which such teams can contribute to IBET missions, as appropriate. When establishing an IBET, the Secretary shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the region in which the IBET would be established is significantly im-pacted by cross-border threats. ‘‘(B) The availability of Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign law enforcement re-sources to participate in an IBET. ‘‘(C) Whether, in accordance with para-graph (3), other joint cross-border initiatives already take place within the region in which the IBET would be established, includ-ing other Department cross-border programs such as the Integrated Cross-Border Mari-time Law Enforcement Operation Program established under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border En-forcement Security Task Force established under section 432. ‘‘(3) D
UPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—In deter- mining whether to establish a new IBET or to expand an existing IBET in a given region, the Secretary shall ensure that the IBET under consideration does not duplicate the efforts of other existing interagency task forces or centers within such region, includ-ing the Integrated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforcement Operation Program estab-lished under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border Enforcement Security Task Force established under sec-tion 432. ‘‘(d) OPERATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After determining the regions in which to establish IBETs, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) direct the assignment of Federal per-sonnel to such IBETs; and ‘‘(B) take other actions to assist Federal, State, local, and tribal entities to partici-pate in such IBETs, including providing fi-nancial assistance, as appropriate, for oper-ational, administrative, and technological costs associated with such participation. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Coast Guard personnel assigned under paragraph (1) may be as-signed only for the purposes of securing the maritime borders of the United States, in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(1)(C). ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate the IBET program with other similar border security and antiterrorism programs within the Department in accord-ance with the strategic objectives of the Cross-Border Law Enforcement Advisory Committee. ‘‘(f) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Secretary may enter into memoranda of un-derstanding with appropriate representatives of the entities specified in subsection (c)(1) necessary to carry out the IBET program. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which an IBET is established and biannually thereafter for the following six years, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees, includ-ing the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and in the case of Coast Guard personnel used to secure the maritime borders of the United States, addi-tionally to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the effectiveness of IBETs in fulfilling the purposes specified in subsection (b); ‘‘(2) assess the impact of certain challenges on the sustainment of cross-border IBET op-erations, including challenges faced by inter-national partners; ‘‘(3) addresses ways to support joint train-ing for IBET stakeholder agencies and radio interoperability to allow for secure cross- border radio communications; and ‘‘(4) assesses how IBETs, Border Enforce-ment Security Task Forces, and the Inte-grated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforce-ment Operation Program can better align op-erations, including interdiction and inves-tigation activities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 435 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 436. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams.’’. 
SEC. 1125. TUNNEL TASK FORCES. 
The Secretary is authorized to establish Tunnel Task Forces for the purposes of de-tecting and remediating tunnels that breach the international border of the United States. 
SEC. 1126. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF ELECTRO-MAGNETIC SPECTRUM IN SUPPORT OF BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in consulta-tion with the Assistant Secretary of Com-merce for Communications and Information, shall conduct a pilot program to test and evaluate the use of electromagnetic spec-trum by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in support of border security operations through— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5413 June 21, 2018 
(1) ongoing management and monitoring of spectrum to identify threats such as unau-thorized spectrum use, and the jamming and hacking of United States communications assets, by persons engaged in criminal enter-prises; (2) automated spectrum management to enable greater efficiency and speed for U.S. Customs and Border Protection in addressing emerging challenges in overall spectrum use on the United States border; and (3) coordinated use of spectrum resources to better facilitate interoperability and interagency cooperation and interdiction ef-forts at or near the United States border. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the conclusion of the pilot pro-gram conducted under subsection (a), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings and data derived from such pro-gram. 
SEC. 1127. HOMELAND SECURITY FOREIGN AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by sections 1115 and 1124 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 437. SECURITY ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide to a foreign government, financial assistance and, with or without reimburse-ment, security assistance, including equip-ment, training, maintenance, supplies, and sustainment support. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary may only provide financial assistance or security assistance pursuant to subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such assistance would enhance the recipient government’s capacity to— ‘‘(1) mitigate the risk or threat of transnational organized crime and terrorism; ‘‘(2) address irregular migration flows that may affect the United States, including any detention or removal operations of the re-cipient government; or ‘‘(3) protect and expedite legitimate trade and travel. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFER .—The Sec- retary may not— ‘‘(1) transfer any equipment or supplies that are designated as a munitions item or controlled on the United States Munitions List, pursuant to section 38 of the Foreign Military Sales Act (22 U.S.C. 2778); or ‘‘(2) transfer any vessel or aircraft pursu-ant to this section. ‘‘(d) R
ELATED TRAINING .—In conjunction with a transfer of equipment pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary may provide such equipment-related training and assist-ance as the Secretary determines necessary. ‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF TRANSFERRED EQUIP-
MENT .—The Secretary may provide for the maintenance of transferred equipment through service contracts or other means, with or without reimbursement, as the Sec-retary determines necessary. ‘‘(f) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may col-lect payment from the receiving entity for the provision of security assistance under this section, including equipment, training, maintenance, supplies, sustainment support, and related shipping costs. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, to the extent the Sec-retary does not collect payment pursuant to paragraph (1), any amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be transferred to the account that finances the security as-sistance provided pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(g) RECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING  C
OLLECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, any reim-bursement collected pursuant to subsection (f) shall— ‘‘(1) be credited as offsetting collections to the account that finances the security as-sistance under this section for which such re-imbursement is received; and ‘‘(2) remain available until expended for the purpose of carrying out this section. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting, augmenting, or diminishing the authority of the Secretary of State.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 436 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 437. Security assistance.’’. Subtitle B—Personnel 
SEC. 1131. ADDITIONAL U.S. CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PROTECTION AGENTS AND OF-FICERS. 
(a) B ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 26,370 full-time equivalent agents. (b) CBP O
FFICERS .—In addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing officer vacancies within U.S. Customs and Border Protection as of such date, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign to duty, not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022— (1) sufficient U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 27,725 full-time equivalent officers; and (2) 350 full-time support staff distributed among all United States ports of entry. (c) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to maintain not fewer than 1,675 full-time equivalent agents and not fewer than 264 Marine and Air Inter-diction Agents for southern border air and maritime operations. (d) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  K–9 U
NITS AND HANDLERS .— (1) K–9 
UNITS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall deploy not fewer than 300 new K–9 units, with sup-porting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other required staff, at land ports of entry and checkpoints, on the south-ern border and the northern border. (2) U
SE OF CANINES .—The Commissioner shall prioritize the use of canines at the pri-mary inspection lanes at land ports of entry and checkpoints. (e) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  H
ORSEBACK UNITS.— (1) I
NCREASE .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall increase the number of horseback units, with supporting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion and other required staff, by not fewer than 100 officers and 50 horses for security patrol along the Southern border. (2) H
ORSEBACK UNIT SUPPORT .—The Com-missioner shall construct new stables, main-tain and improve existing stables, and pro-vide other resources needed to maintain the health and well-being of the horses that serve in the horseback units of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (f) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  S
EARCH TRAUMA AND RESCUE TEAMS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commis-sioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers engaged in search and res-cue activities along the southern border. (g) U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  T
UNNEL DETECTION AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers assisting task forces and activities related to deploy-ment and operation of border tunnel detec-tion technology and apprehensions of indi-viduals using such tunnels for crossing into the United States, drug trafficking, or human smuggling. (h) A
GRICULTURAL SPECIALISTS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall hire, train, and assign to duty, in addition to the officers and agents authorized under sub-sections (a) through (g), 631 U.S. Customs and Border Protection agricultural special-ists to ports of entry along the southern bor-der and the northern border. (i) O
FFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and as-sign sufficient Office of Professional Respon-sibility special agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 550 full-time equivalent special agents. (j) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  O
FFICE OF INTELLIGENCE .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient Office of In-telligence personnel to maintain not fewer than 700 full-time equivalent employees. (k) GAO R
EPORT .—If the staffing levels re-quired under this section are not achieved by September 30, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the reasons why such levels were not achieved. 
SEC. 1132. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION RETENTION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment authorities ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection described under any of subsections (a) through (h) of section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. ‘‘(b) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) S
TATEMENT OF PURPOSE AND LIMITA -
TION.—The purpose of this subsection is to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to expeditiously meet the hiring goals and staffing levels required by section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018. The Secretary shall not use this authority be-yond meeting the requirements of such sec-tion. ‘‘(2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may appoint, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, can-didates to positions in the competitive serv-ice as CBP employees if the Secretary has given public notice for the positions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5414 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(3) R ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a recruit-ment or relocation bonus of up to 50 percent of the annual rate of basic pay to an indi-vidual CBP employee at the beginning of the service period multiplied by the number of years (including a fractional part of a year) in the required service period to an indi-vidual (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that condi-tions consistent with the conditions de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of such section 5753 are satisfied with respect to the individual (without re-gard to the regulations referenced in sub-section (b)(2)(B(ii)(I) of such section or to any other provision of that section); and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) R
ETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus of up to 50 per-cent of basic pay to an individual CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of such section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP employee (without regard to any other provision of that section); ‘‘(ii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(5) R
ULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee under— ‘‘(i) paragraph (3) may not exceed 100 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (4) may not exceed 50 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee. ‘‘(B) R
ELATIONSHIP TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose, includ-ing for retirement or in computing a lump- sum payment to the covered employee for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552. ‘‘(C) PERIOD OF SERVICE FOR RECRUITMENT , 
RELOCATION , AND RETENTION BONUSES .— ‘‘(i) A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (4) may not be based on any period of such service which is the basis for a re-cruitment or relocation bonus under para-graph (3). ‘‘(ii) A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) may not be based on any period of service which is the basis for a re-cruitment or relocation bonus under section 5753 or a retention bonus under section 5754. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RATES OF PAY.—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may establish special rates of pay in accordance with that section to assist the Secretary in meeting the requirements of section 1131 of the Bor-der Security for America Act of 2018. The Di-rector shall prioritize the consideration of requests from the Secretary for such special rates of pay and issue a decision as soon as practicable. The Secretary shall provide such information to the Director as the Di-rector deems necessary to evaluate special rates of pay under this subsection. ‘‘(d) OPM O
VERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) Not later than September 30 of each year, the Secretary shall provide a report to the Director on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of authorities provided under subsections (b) and (c). In each report, the Secretary shall provide such information as the Director determines is appropriate to ensure appropriate use of authorities under such subsections. Each report shall also in-clude an assessment of— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of authorities under subsections (b) and (c) on implementa-tion of section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; ‘‘(B) solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the agency, including at specific lo-cations; ‘‘(C) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the agency or specific lo-cations; and ‘‘(D) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use authorities provided under this section at the agency or at specific loca-tions. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In compiling a report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (b) and (c) and then transferred to a new lo-cation or left U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—In addition to the Di-rector, the Secretary shall submit each re-port required under this subsection to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(e) OPM A
CTION .—If the Director deter-mines the Secretary has inappropriately used authorities under subsection (b) or a special rate of pay provided under subsection (c), the Director shall notify the Secretary and the appropriate congressional commit-tees in writing. Upon receipt of the notifica-tion, the Secretary may not make any new appointments or issue any new bonuses under subsection (b), nor provide CBP em-ployees with further special rates of pay, until the Director has provided the Sec-retary and the appropriate congressional committees a written notice stating the Di-rector is satisfied safeguards are in place to prevent further inappropriate use. ‘‘(f) IMPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and in conjunc-tion with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall develop and implement a strategy to improve the education regarding hiring and human resources flexibilities (in-cluding hiring and human resources flexibili-ties for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency head-quarters or field offices, who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assessment, or se-lection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(B) Regular training sessions for per-sonnel who are critical to filling open posi-tions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(C) The development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, consistent with authorities provided to the Secretary to address identified hiring challenges, includ-ing in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(D) Developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through the relationships with institutions of higher education, as de-fined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), veterans transi-tion and employment centers, and job place-ment program in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(E) Examination of existing agency pro-grams on how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are can-didates or new hires in a rural or remote area. ‘‘(F) Feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families. ‘‘(G) Feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families. ‘‘(H) Evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of those programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions, including in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges, including in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5415 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(g) I NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall review the use of hiring and pay flexibilities under subsections (b) and (c) to determine whether the use of such flexibili-ties is helping the Secretary meet hiring and retention needs, including in rural and re-mote areas. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON POLYGRAPH REQUESTS .— The Secretary shall report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the number of requests the Secretary receives from any other Federal agency for the file of an applicant for a position in U.S. Customs and Border Protection that includes the re-sults of a polygraph examination. ‘‘(i) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (b) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71 and any collec-tive bargaining agreement. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-gate any authority under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from applicability of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(k) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (b) and (c) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2022. Any bonus to be paid pursu-ant to subsection (b) that is approved before such date may continue until such bonus has been paid, subject to the conditions specified in this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment au-thorities.’’. 
SEC. 1133. ANTI-BORDER CORRUPTION REAU-THORIZATION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’. (b) H
IRING FLEXIBILITY .—Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion may waive the application of subsection (a)(1)— ‘‘(1) to a current, full-time law enforce-ment officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of, or the incarcer-ation of any person for, any violation of law, and has statutory powers for arrest or appre-hension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) has, within the past ten years, suc-cessfully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such offi-cer’s current law enforcement agency; ‘‘(2) to a current, full-time Federal law en-forcement officer who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) is authorized to make arrests, conduct investigations, conduct searches, make sei-zures, carry firearms, and serve orders, war-rants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation; and ‘‘(3) to a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve component thereof) or a veteran, if such individual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past five years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past five years, a current Tier 4 background investigation or current Tier 5 background investigation; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an honorable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in crimi-nal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) TERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the Border Security for America Act of 2018.’’. (c) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY AND DEFINITIONS .— (1) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ON-EXEMPTION .—An individual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) is not ex-empt from other hiring requirements relat-ing to suitability for employment and eligi-bility to hold a national security designated position, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any in- dividual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) who holds a current Tier 4 background investigation shall be subject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to ad-minister a polygraph examination to an ap-plicant or employee who is eligible for or re-ceives a waiver under section 3(b) if informa-tion is discovered before the completion of a background investigation that results in a determination that a polygraph examination is necessary to make a final determination regarding suitability for employment or con-tinued employment, as the case may be.’’. (2) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter while the waiver authority under section 3(b) is in ef-fect, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to Congress a report that includes, with respect to each such reporting period— ‘‘(1) the number of waivers requested, granted, and denied under section 3(b); ‘‘(2) the reasons for any denials of such waiver; ‘‘(3) the percentage of applicants who were hired after receiving a waiver; ‘‘(4) the number of instances that a poly-graph was administered to an applicant who initially received a waiver and the results of such polygraph; ‘‘(5) an assessment of the current impact of the polygraph waiver program on filling law enforcement positions at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(6) additional authorities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to better uti-lize the polygraph waiver program for its in-tended goals. ‘‘(b) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The first report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) an analysis of other methods of em-ployment suitability tests that detect decep-tion and could be used in conjunction with traditional background investigations to evaluate potential employees for suitability; and ‘‘(2) a recommendation regarding whether a test referred to in paragraph (1) should be adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion when the polygraph examination re-quirement is waived pursuant to section 3(b).’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘Federal law enforcement officer’ means a ‘law enforcement officer’ defined in section 8331(20) or 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) S
ERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, authorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Court-Martial, as pursuant to Army Regulation 635–200 chapter 14–12. ‘‘(3) T
IER 4; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background inves-tigations have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Stand-ards. ‘‘(4) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code.’’. (d) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINERS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall in-crease to not fewer than 150 the number of trained full-time equivalent polygraph exam-iners for administering polygraphs under the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by this subtitle. 
SEC. 1134. TRAINING FOR OFFICERS AND AGENTS OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PRO-TECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) T
RAINING AND CONTINUING EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—The Commis-sioner shall ensure that every agent and offi-cer of U.S. Customs and Border Protection receives a minimum of 21 weeks of training that are directly related to the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol, Air and Marine, and the Office of Field Operations before the ini-tial assignment of such agents and officers. ‘‘(2) FLETC.—The Commissioner shall work in consultation with the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters to establish guidelines and curriculum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5416 June 21, 2018 
for the training of agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection under sub-section (a). ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING EDUCATION .—The Commis-sioner shall annually require all agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion who are required to undergo training under subsection (a) to participate in not fewer than eight hours of continuing edu-cation annually to maintain and update un-derstanding of Federal legal rulings, court decisions, and Department policies, proce-dures, and guidelines related to relevant sub-ject matters. ‘‘(4) L
EADERSHIP TRAINING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Commissioner shall de-velop and require training courses geared to-wards the development of leadership skills for mid- and senior-level career employees not later than one year after such employees assume duties in supervisory roles.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report identifying the guidelines and curriculum established to carry out sub-section (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. (c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than four years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that assesses the training and education, including con-tinuing education, required under subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. Subtitle C—Grants 
SEC. 1141. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’, under which the Secretary, acting through the Adminis-trator, shall make grants to eligible law en-forcement agencies, through the State ad-ministrative agency, to enhance border secu-rity in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency— ‘‘(1) shall be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) shall be involved in an active, ongoing, U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ation coordinated through a U.S. Border Pa-trol sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for— ‘‘(1) equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs; ‘‘(2) personnel, including overtime and backfill, in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities; ‘‘(3) any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s Fiscal Year 2017 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity; and ‘‘(4) any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award grants under this section to grant recipients for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $110,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 for grants under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. Subtitle D—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1151. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
In addition to amounts otherwise author-ized to be appropriated, there are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years 2018 through 2022, $24,800,000,000 to implement this title and the amendments made by this title, of which— (1) $9,300,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment of Homeland Security to construct physical barriers pursuant to section 102 of the Illegal Immigration and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996, as amended by sec-tion 1111 of this division; (2) $1,000,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment to improve tactical infrastructure pursuant to such section 102, as amended by such section 1111; (3) $5,800,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment to carry out section 1112 of this di-vision; (4) $200,000,000 shall be used by the Coast Guard for deployments of personnel and as-sets under paragraph (18) of section 1113(a) of this division; and (5) $8,500,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment to carry out section 1131 of this di-vision. TITLE II—EMERGENCY PORT OF ENTRY PERSONNEL AND INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING 
SEC. 2101. PORTS OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PORTS OF ENTRY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of Gen-eral Services may, subject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, construct new ports of entry along the northern border and southern border at locations determined by the Secretary. (2) C
ONSULTATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONSULT .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator of General Services shall consult with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Transportation, and appropriate representa-tives of State and local governments, and In-dian tribes, and property owners in the United States prior to determining a loca-tion for any new port of entry constructed pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) CONSIDERATIONS .—The purpose of the consultations required by subparagraph (A) shall be to minimize any negative impacts of constructing a new port of entry on the envi-ronment, culture, commerce, and quality of life of the communities and residents located near such new port. (b) E
XPANSION AND MODERNIZATION OF HIGH- P
RIORITY SOUTHERN BORDER PORTS OF  E
NTRY .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Administrator of General Services, sub-ject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, and in coordination with the Sec-retary, shall expand or modernize high-pri-ority ports of entry on the southern border, as determined by the Secretary, for the pur-poses of reducing wait times and enhancing security. (c) P
ORT OF ENTRY PRIORITIZATION .—Prior to constructing any new ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (a), the Administrator of General Services shall complete the expan-sion and modernization of ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (b) to the extent prac-ticable. (d) N
OTIFICATIONS .— (1) R
ELATING TO NEW PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 15 days after determining the lo-cation of any new port of entry for construc-tion pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Members of Congress who represent the State or congres-sional district in which such new port of entry will be located, as well as the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. Such notification shall include information relating to the location of such new port of entry, a description of the need for such new port of entry and associated an-ticipated benefits, a description of the con-sultations undertaken by the Secretary and the Administrator pursuant to paragraph (2) of such subsection, any actions that will be taken to minimize negative impacts of such new port of entry, and the anticipated time- line for construction and completion of such new port of entry. (2) R
ELATING TO EXPANSION AND MODERNIZA -
TION OF PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Finance, the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Home-land Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives of the ports of entry on the southern border that are the subject of expansion or modernization pursuant to subsection (b) and the Secretary’s and Administrator’s plan for expanding or modernizing each such port of entry. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as providing the Secretary new authority related to the construction, acquisition, or renovation of real property. 
SEC. 2102. SECURE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5417 June 21, 2018 
Enforcement officer or agent, if appropriate, is equipped with a secure radio or other two- way communication device, supported by system interoperability, that allows each such officer to communicate— (1) between ports of entry and inspection stations; and (2) with other Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement entities. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that each U.S. Border Pa-trol agent or officer assigned or required to patrol on foot, by horseback, or with a ca-nine unit, in remote mission critical loca-tions, and at border checkpoints, has a multi- or dual-band encrypted portable radio. (c) LTE C
APABILITY .—In carrying out sub-section (b), the Secretary shall acquire ra-dios or other devices with the option to be LTE-capable for deployment in areas where LTE enhances operations and is cost effec-tive. 
SEC. 2103. BORDER SECURITY DEPLOYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E XPANSION .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Secretary shall fully implement the Border Security Deployment Program of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and expand the integrated surveillance and in-trusion detection system at land ports of entry along the southern border and the northern border. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $33,000,000 for fis-cal year 2018 to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 2104. PILOT AND UPGRADE OF LICENSE PLATE READERS AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) U PGRADE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall upgrade all existing li-cense plate readers on the northern and southern borders on incoming and outgoing vehicle lanes. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall conduct a one-month pilot program on the southern border using license plate readers for one to two cargo lanes at the top three high-volume land ports of entry or checkpoints to determine their effectiveness in reducing cross-border wait times for commercial traffic and trac-tor-trailers. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security, and Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives the results of the pilot program under subsection (b) and make rec-ommendations for implementing use of such technology on the southern border. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 2105. NON-INTRUSIVE INSPECTION OPER-ATIONAL DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a six- month operational demonstration to deploy a high-throughput non-intrusive passenger vehicle inspection system at not fewer than three land ports of entry along the United States-Mexico border with significant cross- border traffic. Such demonstration shall be located within the pre-primary traffic flow and should be scalable to span up to 26 con-tiguous in-bound traffic lanes without re- configuration of existing lanes. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the operational demonstra-tion under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that describes the following: (1) The effects of such demonstration on le-gitimate travel and trade. (2) The effects of such demonstration on wait times, including processing times, for non-pedestrian traffic. (3) The effectiveness of such demonstration in combating terrorism and smuggling. 
SEC. 2106. BIOMETRIC EXIT DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by inserting after sec-tion 415 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 416. BIOMETRIC ENTRY-EXIT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives an implementation plan to es-tablish a biometric exit data system to com-plete the integrated biometric entry and exit data system required under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) an integrated master schedule and cost estimate, including requirements and design, development, operational, and main-tenance costs of such a system, that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Accountability Of-fice and the Department; ‘‘(B) cost-effective staffing and personnel requirements of such a system that leverages existing resources of the Department that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(C) a consideration of training programs necessary to establish such a system that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(D) a consideration of how such a system will affect arrival and departure wait times that takes into account prior reports on such matter issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(E) information received after consulta-tion with private sector stakeholders, in-cluding the— ‘‘(i) trucking industry; ‘‘(ii) airport industry; ‘‘(iii) airline industry; ‘‘(iv) seaport industry; ‘‘(v) travel industry; and ‘‘(vi) biometric technology industry; ‘‘(F) a consideration of how trusted trav-eler programs in existence as of the date of the enactment of this section may be im-pacted by, or incorporated into, such a sys-tem; ‘‘(G) defined metrics of success and mile-stones; ‘‘(H) identified risks and mitigation strate-gies to address such risks; ‘‘(I) a consideration of how other countries have implemented a biometric exit data sys-tem; and ‘‘(J) a list of statutory, regulatory, or ad-ministrative authorities, if any, needed to integrate such a system into the operations of the Transportation Security Administra-tion; and ‘‘(2) not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this section, establish a biometric exit data system at the— ‘‘(A) 15 United States airports that support the highest volume of international air trav-el, as determined by available Federal flight data; ‘‘(B) 10 United States seaports that support the highest volume of international sea trav-el, as determined by available Federal travel data; and ‘‘(C) 15 United States land ports of entry that support the highest volume of vehicle, pedestrian, and cargo crossings, as deter-mined by available Federal border crossing data. ‘‘(b) IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAM AT LAND PORTS OF  
ENTRY FOR NON -PEDESTRIAN OUTBOUND TRAF -
FIC.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in collaboration with industry stakeholders, shall establish a six-month pilot program to test the biometric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) on non-pedestrian outbound traffic at not fewer than three land ports of entry with signifi-cant cross-border traffic, including at not fewer than two land ports of entry on the southern land border and at least one land port of entry on the northern land border. Such pilot program may include a consider-ation of more than one biometric mode, and shall be implemented to determine the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) How a nationwide implementation of such biometric exit data system at land ports of entry shall be carried out. ‘‘(B) The infrastructure required to carry out subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) The effects of such pilot program on legitimate travel and trade. ‘‘(D) The effects of such pilot program on wait times, including processing times, for such non-pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(E) The effects of such pilot program on combating terrorism. ‘‘(F) The effects of such pilot program on identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(2) A
T LAND PORTS OF ENTRY FOR NON -PE-
DESTRIAN OUTBOUND TRAFFIC .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall expand the bio-metric exit data system referred to in sub-section (a)(2) to all land ports of entry, and such system shall apply only in the case of non-pedestrian outbound traffic. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend for a single two-year period the date specified in subparagraph (A) if the Sec-retary certifies to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that the 15 land ports of entry that support the highest volume of passenger vehicles, as determined by available Federal data, do not have the physical infrastructure or characteristics to install the systems necessary to implement a biometric exit data system. ‘‘(3) A
T AIR AND SEA PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than five years after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Secretary shall expand the biometric exit data system re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2) to all air and sea ports of entry. ‘‘(4) A
T LAND PORTS OF ENTRY FOR PEDES -
TRIANS .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5418 June 21, 2018 
Secretary shall expand the biometric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) to all land ports of entry, and such system shall apply only in the case of pedestrians. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTS ON AIR, S EA, AND LAND T
RANSPORTATION .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with appropriate private sector stakeholders, shall ensure that the collec-tion of biometric data under this section causes the least possible disruption to the movement of people or cargo in air, sea, or land transportation, while fulfilling the goals of improving counterterrorism efforts and identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION OF PROCEEDING .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall, on the date of the enact-ment of this section, terminate the pro-ceeding entitled ‘Collection of Alien Biomet-ric Data Upon Exit From the United States at Air and Sea Ports of Departure; United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indi-cator Technology Program (‘‘US–VISIT’’)’, issued on April 24, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 22065). ‘‘(e) D
ATA-MATCHING .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall— ‘‘(1) match biometric information for an individual, regardless of nationality, citizen-ship, or immigration status, who is depart-ing the United States against biometric data previously provided to the United States Government by such individual for the pur-poses of international travel; ‘‘(2) leverage the infrastructure and data-bases of the current biometric entry and exit system established pursuant to section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b) for the purpose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) be interoperable with, and allow matching against, other Federal databases that— ‘‘(A) store biometrics of known or sus-pected terrorists; and ‘‘(B) identify visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(f) S
COPE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall include a requirement for the collection of biometric exit data at the time of departure for all categories of individuals who are re-quired by the Secretary to provide biometric entry data. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN OTHER INDIVID -
UALS .—This section shall not apply in the case of an individual who exits and then en-ters the United States on a passenger vessel (as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) the itinerary of which originates and terminates in the United States. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR LAND PORTS OF ENTRY .— This section shall not apply in the case of a United States or Canadian citizen who exits the United States through a land port of entry. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION OF DATA.—The Secretary may not require any non-Federal person to collect biometric data, or contribute to the costs of collecting or administering the bio-metric exit data system established under this section, except through a mutual agree-ment. ‘‘(h) M
ULTI-MODAL COLLECTION .—In car- rying out subsections (a)(1) and (b), the Sec-retary shall make every effort to collect bio-metric data using multiple modes of bio-metrics. ‘‘(i) F
ACILITIES .—All facilities at which the biometric exit data system established under this section is implemented shall provide and maintain space for Federal use that is adequate to support biometric data collec-tion and other inspection-related activity. For non-federally owned facilities, such space shall be provided and maintained at no cost to the Government. For all facilities at land ports of entry, such space requirements shall be coordinated with the Administrator of General Services. ‘‘(j) NORTHERN LAND BORDER .—In the case of the northern land border, the require-ments under subsections (a)(2)(C), (b)(2)(A), and (b)(4) may be achieved through the shar-ing of biometric data provided to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection by the Canadian Border Services Agency pursuant to the 2011 Beyond the Border agreement. ‘‘(k) F
AIR AND OPEN COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall procure goods and services to implement this section via fair and open competition in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations. ‘‘(l) O
THER BIOMETRIC INITIATIVES .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as lim-iting the authority of the Secretary to col-lect biometric information in circumstances other than as specified in this section. ‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives reports and recommendations regard-ing the Science and Technology Direc-torate’s Air Entry and Exit Re-Engineering Program of the Department and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection entry and exit mobility program demonstrations. ‘‘(n) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall prohibit the collection of user fees permitted by section 13031 of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 415 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 416. Biometric entry-exit.’’. 
SEC. 2107. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERA-TION BETWEEN AGENCIES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that personnel constraints exist at land ports of entry with regard to sanitary and phytosanitary inspec-tions for exported goods. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in the best interest of cross- border trade and the agricultural commu-nity— (1) any lack of certified personnel for in-spection purposes at ports of entry should be addressed by seeking cooperation between agencies and departments of the United States, whether in the form of a memo-randum of understanding or through a cer-tification process, whereby additional exist-ing agents are authorized for additional hours to facilitate and expedite the flow of legitimate trade and commerce of perishable goods in a manner consistent with rules of the Department of Agriculture; and (2) cross designation should be available for personnel who will assist more than one agency or department of the United States at land ports of entry to facilitate and expe-dite the flow of increased legitimate trade and commerce. 
SEC. 2108. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
In addition to any amounts otherwise au-thorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is authorized to be appropriated $1,250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this title, of which— (1) $2,000,000 shall be used by the Secretary for hiring additional Uniform Management Center support personnel, purchasing uni-forms for CBP officers and agents, acquiring additional motor vehicles to support vehicle mounted surveillance systems, hiring addi-tional motor vehicle program support per-sonnel, and for contract support for cus-tomer service, vendor management, and op-erations management; and (2) $250,000,000 per year shall be used to im-plement the biometric exit data system de-scribed in section 416 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 2106 of this division. SEC. 2109. DEFINITION. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. TITLE III—VISA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY 
SEC. 3101. VISA SECURITY. 
(a) V ISA SECURITY UNITS AT HIGH-RISK P
OSTS.—Paragraph (1) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION .—Subject to the min-imum number specified in subparagraph (B), the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) R
ISK-BASED ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall assign, in a risk-based manner, and considering the cri-teria described in clause (ii), employees of the Department to not fewer than 75 diplo-matic and consular posts at which visas are issued. ‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA DESCRIBED .—The criteria re-ferred to in clause (i) are the following: ‘‘(I) The number of nationals of a country in which any of the diplomatic and consular posts referred to in clause (i) are located who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identities of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year. ‘‘(II) Information on the cooperation of such country with the counterterrorism ef-forts of the United States. ‘‘(III) Information analyzing the presence, activity, or movement of terrorist organiza-tions (as such term is defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi))) within or through such country. ‘‘(IV) The number of formal objections based on derogatory information issued by the Visa Security Advisory Opinion Unit pursuant to paragraph (10) regarding nation-als of a country in which any of the diplo-matic and consular posts referred to in clause (i) are located. ‘‘(V) The adequacy of the border and immi-gration control of such country. ‘‘(VI) Any other criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(iii) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The assign-ment of employees of the Department pursu-ant to this subparagraph is solely the au-thority of the Secretary and may not be al-tered or rejected by the Secretary of State.’’. (b) C
OUNTERTERROR VETTING AND SCREEN -
ING.—Paragraph (2) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) Screen any such applications against the appropriate criminal, national security, and terrorism databases maintained by the Federal Government.’’. (c) T
RAINING AND HIRING .—Subparagraph (A) of section 428(e)(6) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘The Secretary shall ensure, to the extent possible, that any employees’’ and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5419 June 21, 2018 
inserting ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Director of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, shall provide training to any employees’’; and (2) striking ‘‘shall be provided the nec-essary training’’. (d) P
RE-ADJUDICATED VISASECURITY AS-
SISTANCE AND VISASECURITY ADVISORY OPIN-
IONUNIT.—Subsection (e) of section 428 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(9) R
EMOTE PRE -ADJUDICATED VISA SECU -
RITY ASSISTANCE .—At the visa-issuing posts at which employees of the Department are not assigned pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in a risk-based manner, as-sign employees of the Department to re-motely perform the functions required under paragraph (2) at not fewer than 50 of such posts. ‘‘(10) V
ISA SECURITY ADVISORY OPINION  
UNIT.—The Secretary shall establish within U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement a Visa Security Advisory Opinion Unit to re-spond to requests from the Secretary of State to conduct a visa security review using information maintained by the Department on visa applicants, including terrorism asso-ciation, criminal history, counter-prolifera-tion, and other relevant factors, as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’. (e) D
EADLINES .—The requirements estab-lished under paragraphs (1) and (9) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)), as amended and added by this section, shall be implemented not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3102. ELECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING AND BIOMETRIC MATCHING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 2106 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 420. ELECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING AND BIOMETRIC MATCHING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(1) screen electronic passports at airports of entry by reading each such passport’s em-bedded chip; and ‘‘(2) to the greatest extent practicable, uti-lize facial recognition technology or other biometric technology, as determined by the Commissioner, to inspect travelers at United States airports of entry. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
LECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall apply to passports belonging to individuals who are United States citizens, individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), and individuals who are nationals of any other foreign country that issues electronic passports. ‘‘(2) F
ACIAL RECOGNITION MATCHING .—Para- graph (2) of subsection (a) shall apply, at a minimum, to individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in collaboration with the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, shall issue to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate an annual report through fiscal year 2021 on the utilization of facial recognition technology and other biometric technology pursuant to subsection (a)(2). Each such report shall include information on the type of technology used at each air-port of entry, the number of individuals who were subject to inspection using either of such technologies at each airport of entry, and within the group of individuals subject to such inspection at each airport, the num-ber of those individuals who were United States citizens and legal permanent resi-dents. Each such report shall provide infor-mation on the disposition of data collected during the year covered by such report, to-gether with information on protocols for the management of collected biometric data, in-cluding timeframes and criteria for storing, erasing, destroying, or otherwise removing such data from databases utilized by the De-partment. ‘‘SEC. 420A. CONTINUOUS SCREENING BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION. 
‘‘The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall, in a risk based man-ner, continuously screen individuals issued any visa, and individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), who are present, or are expected to arrive within 30 days, in the United States, against the appropriate criminal, na-tional security, and terrorism databases maintained by the Federal Government.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 419 the fol-lowing new items: ‘‘Sec. 420. Electronic passport screening and biometric matching. ‘‘Sec. 420A. Continuous screening by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 3103. REPORTING OF VISA OVERSTAYS. 
Section 2 of Public Law 105–173 (8 U.S.C. 1376) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and any additional in-formation that the Secretary determines necessary for purposes of the report under subsection (b)’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than June 30, 2018, and not later than June 30 of each year thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report providing, for the preceding fiscal year, numerical estimates (including infor-mation on the methodology utilized to de-velop such numerical estimates) of— ‘‘(1) for each country, the number of aliens from the country who are described in sub-section (a), including— ‘‘(A) the total number of such aliens within all classes of nonimmigrant aliens described in section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)); and ‘‘(B) the number of such aliens within each of the classes of nonimmigrant aliens, as well as the number of such aliens within each of the subclasses of such classes of non-immigrant aliens, as applicable; ‘‘(2) for each country, the percentage of the total number of aliens from the country who were present in the United States and were admitted to the United States as non-immigrants who are described in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) the number of aliens described in sub-section (a) who arrived by land at a port of entry into the United States; ‘‘(4) the number of aliens described in sub-section (a) who entered the United States using a border crossing identification card (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(6))); and ‘‘(5) the number of Canadian nationals who entered the United States without a visa whose authorized period of stay in the United States terminated during the pre-vious fiscal year, but who remained in the United States.’’. SEC. 3104. STUDENT AND EXCHANGE VISITOR IN-FORMATION SYSTEM VERIFICATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that the in-formation collected under the program es-tablished under section 641 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1372) is available to officers of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for the purpose of conducting pri-mary inspections of aliens seeking admission to the United States at each port of entry of the United States. 
SEC. 3105. SOCIAL MEDIA REVIEW OF VISA APPLI-CANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by sections 1115, 1124, and 1127 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tions: 
‘‘SEC. 438. SOCIAL MEDIA SCREENING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, and in a risk based manner and on an individualized basis, review the so-cial media accounts of certain visa appli-cants who are citizens of, or who reside in, high-risk countries, as determined by the Secretary based on the criteria described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) H
IGH-RISK CRITERIA DESCRIBED .—In determining whether a country is high-risk pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider the following criteria: ‘‘(1) The number of nationals of the coun-try who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identi-ties of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year. ‘‘(2) The level of cooperation of the country with the counter-terrorism efforts of the United States. ‘‘(3) Any other criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—To carry out the re-quirements of subsection (a), the Secretary may collaborate with— ‘‘(1) the head of a national laboratory with-in the Department’s laboratory network with relevant expertise; ‘‘(2) the head of a relevant university-based center within the Department’s centers of excellence network; and ‘‘(3) the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 439. OPEN SOURCE SCREENING. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, and in a risk based manner, review open source information of visa appli-cants.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by this divi-sion is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 437 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 438. Social media screening. ‘‘Sec. 439. Open source screening.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5420 June 21, 2018 
TITLE IV—TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION ILLICIT SPOTTER PRE-VENTION AND ELIMINATION 
SEC. 4101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Transnational Criminal Organization Illicit Spotter Prevention and Elimination Act’’. 
SEC. 4102. UNLAWFULLY HINDERING IMMIGRA-TION, BORDER, AND CUSTOMS CON-TROLS. 
(a) B RINGING IN AND HARBORING OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .—Section 274(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘brings to or attempts to’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘brings to or attempts or conspires to’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) In the case of a person who has brought aliens into the United States in vio-lation of this subsection, the sentence other-wise provided for may be increased by up to 10 years if that person, at the time of the of-fense, used or carried a firearm or who, in furtherance of any such crime, possessed a firearm.’’. (b) A
IDING OR ASSISTING CERTAIN ALIENS TO E
NTER THE UNITED STATES .—Section 277 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1327) is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘knowingly aids or assists’’ the following: ‘‘or attempts to aid or assist’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of a person convicted of an offense under this section, the sentence otherwise provided for may be increased by up to 10 years if that person, at the time of the of-fense, used or carried a firearm or who, in furtherance of any such crime, possessed a firearm.’’. (c) D
ESTRUCTION OF UNITED STATES BORDER  C
ONTROLS .—Section 1361 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘If the damage’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) Except as otherwise provided in this section, if the damage’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) If the injury or depredation was made or attempted against any fence, barrier, sen-sor, camera, or other physical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry or otherwise was intended to construct, exca-vate, or make any structure intended to de-feat, circumvent, or evade any such fence, barrier, sensor camera, or other physical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry, by a fine under this title or impris-onment for not more than 15 years, or both. ‘‘(3) If the injury or depredation was de-scribed under paragraph (2) and, in the com-mission of the offense, the offender used or carried a firearm or, in furtherance of any such offense, possessed a firearm, by a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than 20 years, or both.’’. DIVISION D—LAWFUL STATUS FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS 
SEC. 1101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the terms used in this di-vision have the meanings given such terms in subsections (a) and (b) of section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) C
ONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANT .—The term ‘‘contingent nonimmigrant’’ means an alien who is granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this division. (3) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘educational institution’’ means— (A) an institution that is described in sec-tion 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)) or is a proprietary in-stitution of higher education (as defined in section 102(b) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1002(b))); (B) an elementary, primary, or secondary school within the United States; or (C) an educational program assisting stu-dents either in obtaining a high school equivalency diploma, certificate, or its rec-ognized equivalent under State law, or in passing a General Educational Development exam or other equivalent State-authorized exam or other applicable State requirements for high school equivalency. (4) SECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (5) S
EXUAL ASSAULT OR HARASSMENT .—The term ‘‘sexual assault or harassment’’ means— (A) conduct engaged in by an alien 18 years of age or older, which consists of unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, or other verbal or physical conduct of a sex-ual nature, and— (i) submission to such conduct is made ei-ther explicitly or implicitly a term or condi-tion of an individual’s employment; (ii) submission to or rejection of such con-duct by an individual is used as the basis for employment decisions affecting such indi-vidual; or (iii) such conduct has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile, or offen-sive environment; (B) conduct constituting a criminal offense of rape, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (C) conduct constituting a criminal offense of statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature involving a victim under the age of 18 years, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (D) sexual conduct with a minor who is under 14 years of age, or with a minor under 16 years of age where the alien was at least 4 years older than the minor; (E) conduct punishable under section 2251 or 2251A (relating to the sexual exploitation of children and the selling or buying of chil-dren), or section 2252 or 2252A (relating to certain activities relating to material in-volving the sexual exploitation of minors or relating to material constituting or con-taining child pornography) of title 18, United States Code; or (F) conduct constituting the elements of any other Federal or State sexual offense re-quiring a defendant, if convicted, to register on a sexual offender registry (except that this provision shall not apply to convictions solely for urinating or defecating in public). (6) V
ICTIM .—The term ‘‘victim’’ has the meaning given the term in section 503(e) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(e)). 
SEC. 1102. CONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANT STATUS FOR CERTAIN ALIENS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS MI-NORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may grant contingent nonimmigrant status to an alien who— (1) meets the eligibility requirements set forth in subsection (b); (2) submits a completed application before the end of the period set forth in subsection (c)(2); and (3) has paid the fees required under sub-section (c)(5). (b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien is eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status if the alien establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien meets the requirements set forth in this subsection. (2) GENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—The require-ments under this paragraph are that the alien— (A) is physically present in the United States on the date on which the alien sub-mits an application for contingent non-immigrant status; (B) was physically present in the United States on June 15, 2007; (C) was younger than 16 years of age on the date the alien initially entered the United States; (D) is a person of good moral character; (E) was under 31 years of age on June 15, 2012, and at the time of filing an application under subsection (c); (F) has maintained continuous physical presence in the United States from June 15, 2012, until the date on which the alien is granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this section; (G) had no lawful immigration status on June 15, 2012; (H) has requested the release to the De-partment of Homeland Security of all records regarding their being adjudicated de-linquent in State or local juvenile court pro-ceedings, and the Department has obtained all such records; and (I) possesses a valid Employment Author-ization Document which authorizes the alien to work as of the date of the enactment of this Act, which was issued pursuant to the June 15, 2012, U.S. Department of Homeland Security Memorandum entitled, ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion With Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’. (3) E
DUCATION REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may not be granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this section unless the alien estab-lishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien— (i) is enrolled in, and is in regular full-time attendance at, an educational institution within the United States; or (ii) has acquired a diploma from a high school in the United States, has earned a General Educational Development certifi-cate recognized under State law, or has earned a recognized high school equivalency certificate under applicable State law. (B) E
VIDENCE .—An alien shall demonstrate compliance with clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (A) by providing a valid certified tran-script or diploma from the educational insti-tution the alien is enrolled in or from which the alien has acquired a diploma or certifi-cate. (4) G
ROUNDS FOR INELIGIBILITY .—An alien is ineligible for contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus if the Secretary determines that the alien— (A) has a conviction for— (i) an offense classified as a felony in the convicting jurisdiction; (ii) an aggravated felony; (iii) an offense classified as a misdemeanor in the convicting jurisdiction which in-volved— (I) domestic violence (as defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a))); (II) child abuse or neglect (as defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a))); (III) assault resulting in bodily injury (as such term is defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); (IV) the violation of a protection order (as such term is defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); or (V) driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence (as such terms are de-fined in section 164(a)(2) of title 23, United States Code); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5421 June 21, 2018 
(iv) two or more misdemeanor convictions (excluding minor traffic offenses that did not involve driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence, or that did not subject any individual other than the alien to bodily injury); or (v) any offense under foreign law, except for a purely political offense, which, if the offense had been committed in the United States, would render the alien inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) or deport-able under section 237(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)); (B) has been adjudicated delinquent in a State or local juvenile court proceeding for an offense equivalent to— (i) an offense relating to murder, man-slaughter, homicide, rape (whether the vic-tim was conscious or unconscious), statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature in-volving a victim under the age of 18 years, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (ii) a crime of violence, as such term is de-fined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code; or (iii) an offense punishable under section 401 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841); (C) has a conviction for any other criminal offense, which regard to which the alien has not satisfied any civil legal judgements awarded to any victims (or family members of victims) of the crime; (D) is described in section 212(a)(2)(J) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1882(a)(2)(J)) (relating to aliens associ-ated with criminal gangs); (E) has been charged with a felony or mis-demeanor offense (excluding minor traffic of-fenses that did not involve driving while in-toxicated or driving under the influence, or that did not subject any individual other than the alien to bodily injury), and the charge or charges are still pending; (F) is inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)), except that in determining an alien’s inadmissibility— (i) paragraphs (5), (7), and (9)(B) of such section shall not apply; and (ii) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (G) of para-graph (6), and paragraphs (9)(C)(i)(I) and (10)(B), of such section shall not apply, ex-cept in the case of the alien unlawfully en-tering the United States after June 15, 2007; (G) is deportable under section 237(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)), except that in determining an alien’s deportability— (i) subparagraph (A) of section 237(a)(1) of such Act shall not apply with respect to grounds of inadmissibility that do not apply pursuant to subparagraph (C) of such sec-tion; and (ii) subparagraphs (B) through (D) of sec-tion 237(a)(1) and section 237(a)(3)(A) of such Act shall not apply; (H) was, on the date of the enactment of this Act— (i) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence; (ii) an alien admitted as a refugee under section 207 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157), or granted asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157 and 1158); or (iii) an alien who, according to the records of the Secretary or the Secretary of State, is lawfully present in the United States in any nonimmigrant status (other than an alien considered to be a nonimmigrant solely due to the application of section 244(f)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(f)(4)) or the amendment made by sec-tion 702 of the Consolidated Natural Re-sources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229)), not-withstanding any unauthorized employment or other violation of nonimmigrant status; (I) has failed to comply with the require-ments of any removal order or voluntary de-parture agreement; (J) has been ordered removed in absentia pursuant to section 240(b)(5)(A) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(5)(A)); (K) has failed or refused to attend or re-main in attendance at a proceeding to deter-mine the alien’s inadmissibility or deport-ability; (L) if over the age of 18, has failed to dem-onstrate that he or she is able to maintain himself or herself at an annual income that is not less than 125 percent of the Federal poverty level throughout the period of ad-mission as a contingent nonimmigrant, un-less the alien has demonstrated that the alien is enrolled in, and is in regular full- time attendance at, an educational institu-tion within the United States; (M) is delinquent with respect to any Fed-eral, State, or local income or property tax liability; (N) has failed to pay to the Treasury, in addition to any amounts owed, an amount equal to the aggregate value of any disburse-ments received by such alien for refunds de-scribed in section 1324(b)(2); (O) has income that would result in tax li-ability under section 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and that was not reported to the Internal Revenue Service; or (P) has at any time engaged in sexual as-sault or harassment. (c) A
PPLICATION PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may apply for contingent nonimmigrant status by submit-ting a completed application form via elec-tronic filing to the Secretary during the ap-plication period set forth in paragraph (2), in accordance with the interim final rule made by the Secretary under section 1105. (2) A
PPLICATION PERIOD .—The Secretary may only accept applications for contingent nonimmigrant status from aliens in the United States during the 1-year period begin-ning on the date on which the interim final rule is published in the Federal Register pur-suant to section 1105. (3) A
PPLICATION FORM .— (A) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The applica-tion form referred to in paragraph (1) shall collect such information as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary and appropriate in order to determine whether an alien meets the eligibility requirements set forth in sub-section (b). (B) I
NTERVIEW .—The Secretary shall con-duct an in-person interview of each applicant for contingent nonimmigrant status under this section as part of the determination as to whether the alien meets the eligibility re-quirements set forth in subsection (b). (4) D
OCUMENTARY REQUIREMENTS .—An ap- plication filed by an alien under this section shall include the following: (A) One or more of the following docu-ments demonstrating the alien’s identity: (i) A passport (or national identity docu-ment) from the alien’s country of origin. (ii) A certified birth certificate along with photo identification. (iii) A State-issued identification card bearing the alien’s name and photograph. (iv) An Armed Forces identification card issued by the Department of Defense. (v) A Coast Guard identification card issued by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (B) A certified copy of the alien’s birth cer-tificate or certified school transcript dem-onstrating that the alien satisfies the re-quirement of subsection (b)(2)(A)(iii) and (v). (C) A certified school transcript dem-onstrating that the alien satisfies the re-quirements of subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii) and (vi). (D) Immigration records from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (demonstrating that the alien satisfies the requirements under subsection (b)(2)(A)(i), (ii), and (vi)). (5) FEES.— (A) S
TANDARD PROCESSING FEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens applying for con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion shall pay a processing fee to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in an amount de-termined by the Secretary. (ii) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS .—The processing fee authorized under clause (i) shall be set at a level that is, at a minimum, sufficient to recover the full costs of processing the appli-cation, including any costs incurred— (I) to adjudicate the application; (II) to take and process biometrics; (III) to perform national security and criminal checks; (IV) to prevent and investigate fraud; and (V) to administer the collection of such fee. (iii) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCESSING  
FEES.—Fees collected under clause (i) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examina-tions Fee Account pursuant to section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)). (B) B
ORDER SECURITY FEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens applying for con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion shall pay a border security fee to the Department of Homeland Security in an amount of $1,000. (ii) U
SE OF BORDER SECURITY FEES .—Fees collected under clause (i) shall be available, to the extent provided in advance in appro-priation Acts, to the Secretary of Homeland Security for the purposes of carrying out di-vision C, and the amendments made by that division. (6) A
LIENS APPREHENDED BEFORE OR DURING  
THE APPLICATION PERIOD .—If an alien who is apprehended during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the application pe-riod described in paragraph (2) appears prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, the Secretary— (A) shall provide the alien with a reason-able opportunity to file an application under this section during such application period; and (B) may not remove the individual until the Secretary has denied the application, un-less the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that expeditious removal of the alien is in the na-tional security, public safety, or foreign pol-icy interests of the United States, or the Secretary will be required for constitutional reasons or court order to release the alien from detention. (7) S
USPENSION OF REMOVAL DURING APPLI -
CATION PERIOD .— (A) A
LIENS IN REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this di-vision, if the Secretary determines that an alien, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the application period de-scribed in subsection (c)(2), is in removal, de-portation, or exclusion proceedings before the Executive Office for Immigration Review and is prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status under this section— (i) the Secretary shall provide the alien with the opportunity to file an application for such status; and (ii) upon motion by the alien and with the consent of the Secretary, the Executive Of-fice for Immigration Review shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5422 June 21, 2018 
(I) provide the alien a reasonable oppor-tunity to apply for such status; and (II) if the alien applies within the time frame provided, suspend such proceedings until the Secretary has made a determina-tion on the application. (B) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—If an alien who meets the eligibility requirements set forth in subsection (b) is present in the United States and has been ordered excluded, deported, or removed, or ordered to depart voluntarily from the United States pursuant to section 212(a)(6)(A)(i) or 237(a)(1)(B) or (C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(6)(A)(i), 1227(a)(1)(B) or (C)), the Secretary shall provide the alien with the opportunity to file an application for contingent nonimmigrant status provided that the alien has not failed to comply with any order issued pursuant to section 239 or 240B of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229, 1229c). (C) P
ERIOD PENDING ADJUDICATION OF APPLI -
CATION .—During the period beginning on the date on which an alien applies for contingent nonimmigrant status under subsection (c) and ending on the date on which the Sec-retary makes a determination regarding such application, an otherwise removable alien may not be removed from the United States unless— (i) the Secretary makes a prima facie de-termination that such alien is, or has be-come, ineligible for contingent non-immigrant status under subsection (b); or (ii) the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that removal of the alien is in the national secu-rity, public safety, or foreign policy interest of the United States. (8) S
ECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT CLEAR -
ANCES .— (A) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not grant contingent non-immigrant status to an alien under this sec-tion unless such alien submits biometric and biographic data in accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary may provide an alternative procedure for applicants who cannot provide the bio-metric data required under subparagraph (A) due to a physical impairment. (C) C
LEARANCES .— (i) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall collect, from each alien applying for status under this section, biometric, biographic, and other data that the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate— (I) to conduct national security and law enforcement checks; and (II) to determine whether there are any factors that would render an alien ineligible for such status. (ii) A
DDITIONAL SECURITY SCREENING .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State and the heads of other agen-cies as appropriate, shall conduct an addi-tional security screening upon determining, in the Secretary’s opinion based upon infor-mation related to national security, that an alien is or was a citizen or resident of a re-gion or country known to pose a threat, or that contains groups or organizations that pose a threat, to the national security of the United States. (iii) P
REREQUISITE .—The required clear-ances and screenings described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii) shall be completed before the alien may be granted contingent non-immigrant status. (9) D
URATION OF STATUS AND EXTENSION .— The initial period of contingent non-immigrant status— (A) shall be 3 years unless revoked pursu-ant to subsection (e); and (B) may be extended for additional 3-year terms if— (i) the alien remains eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status under subsection (b); (ii) the alien again passes background checks equivalent to the background checks described in subsection (c)(9); and (iii) such status was not revoked by the Secretary for any reason. (d) TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTINGENT  N
ONIMMIGRANT STATUS .— (1) W
ORK AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall grant employment authorization to an alien granted contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus who requests such authorization. (2) T
RAVEL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The status of a contin-gent nonimmigrant who is absent from the United States without authorization shall be subject to revocation under subsection (e). (B) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may authorize a contingent nonimmigrant to travel outside the United States and may grant the contingent nonimmigrant reentry provided that the contingent non-immigrant— (i) was not absent from the United States for a period of more than 15 consecutive days, or 90 days in the aggregate during each 3-year period that the alien is in contingent nonimmigrant status, unless the contingent nonimmigrant’s failure to return was due to extenuating circumstances beyond the indi-vidual’s control; and (ii) is otherwise admissible to the United States, except as provided in subsection (b)(4)(F). (C) C
LARIFICATION ON ADMISSION .—The ad- mission to the United States of a contingent nonimmigrant after such trips as described in subparagraph (B) shall not be considered an admission for the purposes of section 245(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)). (3) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR HEALTH CARE SUB -
SIDIES AND REFUNDABLE TAX CREDITS .— (A) H
EALTH CARE SUBSIDIES .—A contingent nonimmigrant— (i) is not entitled to the premium assist-ance tax credit authorized under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and shall be subject to the rules applicable to in-dividuals who are not lawfully present set forth in subsection (e) of such section; and (ii) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals who are not lawfully present set forth in section 1402(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071(e)). (B) R
EFUNDABLE TAX CREDITS .—A contin-gent nonimmigrant shall not be allowed any credit under sections 24 and 32 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. (4) F
EDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL PUBLIC BEN -
EFITS .—For purposes of title IV of the Per-sonal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), a contingent nonimmigrant shall not be considered a qualified alien under the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (5) C
LARIFICATION .—An alien granted con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this divi-sion shall not be considered to have been ad-mitted to the United States for the purposes of section 245(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)). (e) R
EVOCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-voke the status of a contingent non-immigrant at any time if the alien— (A) no longer meets the eligibility require-ments set forth in subsection (b); (B) knowingly uses documentation issued under this section for an unlawful or fraudu-lent purpose; or (C) was absent from the United States at any time without authorization after being granted contingent nonimmigrant status. (2) ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE .—In determining whether to revoke an alien’s status under paragraph (1), the Secretary may require the alien— (A) to submit additional evidence; or (B) to appear for an in-person interview. (3) I
NVALIDATION OF DOCUMENTATION .—If an alien’s contingent nonimmigrant status is revoked under paragraph (1), any documenta-tion issued by the Secretary to such alien under this section shall automatically be rendered invalid for any purpose except for departure from the United States. 
SEC. 1103. ADMINISTRATIVE AND JUDICIAL RE-VIEW. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— Administrative review of a determination of an application for status, extension of sta-tus, or revocation of status under this divi-sion shall be conducted solely in accordance with this section. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPELLATE REVIEW .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE AP -
PELLATE AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall es-tablish or designate an appellate authority to provide for a single level of administra-tive appellate review of a determination with respect to applications for status, ex-tension of status, or revocation of status under this division. (2) S
INGLE APPEAL FOR EACH ADMINISTRA -
TIVE DECISION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien in the United States whose application for status under this division has been denied or revoked may file with the Secretary not more than 1 ap-peal, pursuant to this subsection, of each de-cision to deny or revoke such status. (B) N
OTICE OF APPEAL .—A notice of appeal filed under this subparagraph shall be filed not later than 30 calendar days after the date of service of the decision of denial or revoca-tion. (3) R
ECORD FOR REVIEW .—Administrative appellate review under this subsection shall be de novo and based only on— (A) the administrative record established at the time of the determination on the ap-plication; and (B) any additional newly discovered or pre-viously unavailable evidence. (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) A
PPLICABLE PROVISIONS .—Judicial re-view of an administratively final denial or revocation of, or failure to extend, an appli-cation for status under this division shall be governed only by chapter 158 of title 28, ex-cept as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection, and except that a court may not order the taking of additional evidence under section 2347(c) of such chapter. (2) S
INGLE APPEAL FOR EACH ADMINISTRA -
TIVE DECISION .—An alien in the United States whose application for status under this divi-sion has been denied, revoked, or failed to be extended, may file not more than 1 appeal, pursuant to this subsection, of each decision to deny or revoke such status. (3) L
IMITATION ON CIVIL ACTIONS .— (A) C
LASS ACTIONS .—No court may certify a class under Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in any civil action filed after the date of the enactment of this Act per-taining to the administration or enforce-ment of the application for status under this division. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR AN ORDER GRANTING  
PROSPECTIVE RELIEF AGAINST THE GOVERN -
MENT .—If a court determines that prospec-tive relief should be ordered against the Gov-ernment in any civil action pertaining to the administration or enforcement of the appli-cation for status under this division, the court shall— (i) limit the relief to the minimum nec-essary to correct the violation of law; (ii) adopt the least intrusive means to cor-rect the violation of law; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5423 June 21, 2018 
(iii) minimize, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, the adverse impact on national secu-rity, border security, immigration adminis-tration and enforcement, and public safety; (iv) provide for the expiration of the relief on a specific date, which allows for the min-imum practical time needed to remedy the violation; and (v) limit the relief to the case at issue and shall not extend any prospective relief to in-clude any other application for status under this division pending before the Secretary or in a Federal court (whether in the same or another jurisdiction). 
SEC. 1104. PENALTIES AND SIGNATURE REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) P ENALTIES FOR FALSE STATEMENTS IN  A
PPLICATIONS .—Whoever files an initial or renewal application for contingent non-immigrant status under this division and knowingly and willfully falsifies, misrepre-sents, conceals, or covers up a material fact or makes any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations, or makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry, shall be fined in accordance with title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. (b) S
IGNATURE REQUIREMENTS .—An appli-cant under this division shall sign their ap-plication, and the signature shall be an origi-nal signature. A parent or legal guardian may sign for a child or for an applicant whose physical or developmental disability or mental impairment prevents the appli-cant from being competent to sign. In such a case, the filing shall include evidence of par-entage or legal guardianship. 
SEC. 1105. RULEMAKING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue interim final regulations to implement this division, which shall take effect imme-diately upon publication in the Federal Reg-ister. 
SEC. 1106. STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION. 
Except as specifically provided, nothing in this division may be construed to create any substantive or procedural right or benefit that is legally enforceable by any party against the United States or its agencies or officers or any other person. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member on the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 4760. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I introduced H.R. 4760, along with MICHAEL MCCAUL, MARTHA  M
CSALLY , and R AU´LLABRADOR , to pro-vide an equitable and permanent legal status for unlawful aliens who grew up in America after their parents brought them here as children. Just as impor-tantly, we want to strengthen our bor-ders, close gaping loopholes, curtail en-demic fraud, and enhance interior im-migration enforcement so that our Na-tion won’t face the same dilemma in a few years. President Trump did the right thing and tried to end President Obama’s bla-tantly unconstitutional DACA pro-gram. As a Federal court ruled in en-joining DACA’s sister program, DHS cannot ‘‘enact a program whereby it not only ignores the dictates of Con-gress, but actively acts to thwart them. . . . The DHS Secretary is not just rewriting the laws; he is creating them from scratch.’’ President Trump also did the right thing by immediately turning to us, asking Congress to fix the problem. As he asked for, H.R. 4760 solves the DACA conundrum. It provides DACA beneficiaries with an indefinitely re-newable legal nonimmigrant status al-lowing them to live and work in the United States without worry and trav-el abroad as they choose. It also allows them to receive green cards on the same terms as any other intending im-migrant around the world. As I indicated, the bill will help en-sure that the distressing DACA di-lemma does not recur. It ends catch and release at the border, battles asy-lum fraud, and ensures that unaccom-panied minors caught at the border will be treated equally, regardless of their home country. It will ensure that the law no longer tempts minors and their parents to make the dangerous il-licit journey to the United States and to line the pockets of cancerous cartels with hundreds of millions of dollars. The bill will also take away the other magnet that draws millions of persons to come to the United States illegally: the jobs magnet. Through the inclusion of L
AMAR SMITH’s Legal Workforce Act, it makes E-Verify mandatory. After two decades of constant improvement, E-Verify has become an extremely ef-fective, reliable, and easy way for em-ployers to ensure that they have hired a legal workforce. Three-quarters of a million employers currently use E- Verify, which almost instantaneously confirms the work eligibility of new hires 99 percent of the time. The bill will also allow DHS to de-port members of MS–13 and other viru-lent criminal gangs and allow it to de-tain dangerous aliens who cannot be removed. It will combat the public safety menace of sanctuary cities in multiple ways, including by allowing the Justice Department to withhold from them law enforcement grants. The bill makes significant reforms to our legal immigration system. It puts an end to extended family chain migra-tion and terminates the diversity visa green card lottery, which awards green cards at random to people with no ties to the United States or any particular skills. In addition, it replaces the dysfunc-tional H–2A agricultural guestworker program. The H–2A program is slow, bureaucratic, and frustrating, often forcing growers to leave crops to rot in the fields. They also must pay an arti-ficially inflated wage rate, along with providing free housing and transpor-tation. In doing the right thing, H–2A users are almost always repaid by being placed at a competitive disadvan-tage in the marketplace. The bill provides growers with streamlined access to guestworkers when sufficient American labor cannot be found. It finally provides dairies and food processors with year-round labor needs with access to a guestworker program. It avoids the pitfalls of the H–2A program, and it will remain at its core a true guestworker program. As growers learned the hard way after the 1986 amnesty, illegal farmworkers will leave en mass and flock to the cities when provided with permanent resi-dence. The Agricultural Guestworker Act contained in this bill is supported by the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion, the dairy industry, and over 200 distinct agricultural organizations from across the United States. Following introduction of this legis-lation, I have sat down with my col-leagues for months to learn of any con-cerns and to strive to improve the bill. The product of this intensive work is better legislation. While I am dis-appointed that the rule did not allow me to include all of the improvements made possible by the input of so many Members, I am gratified that I could include the refinements to the H–2C ag-ricultural guestworker program. To give just one example, the bill now clarifies that the Department of Homeland Security will issue docu-ments to unlawful alien farmworkers who have been sponsored by growers to join the program, authorizing them to return to the United States without the need for visas after completing their initial touchbacks. This will cre-ate certainty for growers, allowing them to receive pre-approval of their H–2C petitions for current workers be-fore they leave the country and precertification of the workers’ admis-sion back into the United States before they leave. Congress has a unique opportunity to act before the country ends up with an-other large population who crossed the border illegally as children. Let’s take this historic moment to come together and support vital legislation that pro-vides commonsense, reasonable solu-tions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join President Trump and support H.R. 4760, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.001 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5424 June 21, 2018 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for the opportunity to review the relevant provi-sions of the text of H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act of 2018. As you are aware, the bill was primarily referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, while the Agri-culture Committee received an additional re-ferral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner. Accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 4760 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on the Judi-ciary and agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Secur-ing America’s Future Act of 2018,’’ so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your foregoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4760 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : I write con-cerning H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Act of 2018’’. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 4760, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity agrees to forgo action on this bill. How-ever, this is conditional on our mutual un-derstanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or simi-lar legislation that fall within the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Rule X juris-diction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. I thank you for your coopera-tion in this matter. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on the Judi-ciary and agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Secur-ing America’s Future Act of 2018,’’ so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your foregoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 4760 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose H.R. 4760. This legislation is nothing more than a wish-list of the far right anti-immi-grant fringe. It would do nothing to solve the real problems plaguing our immigration system, while causing un-told suffering for millions of people. The world has watched President Trump create a family separation cri-sis out of thin air. I personally met with fathers whose children had been ripped from their arms, who have no idea when, or if, they will ever see their children again. One father I spoke to was promised he would be kept with his young child, only to have officers enter his room in the middle of the night and forcibly take away his young daughter. We have all seen the anguished faces of the parents separated from their children, and listened to the desperate cries of sobbing children screaming for their parents. This is government-spon-sored child abuse. This bill does absolutely nothing to solve the crisis. The President, after falsely claiming that he had no choice but to enact this cruel and brutal pol-icy, now says he will end it, proving that he and his administration were lying all along. But it is not clear that yesterday’s executive order imme-diately ends family separation. It also puts our country on a dangerous path to prolonged detention for parents and children. The Keeping Families Together Act, which I introduced this week, along with virtually every Democratic Mem-ber, would actually prevent children from being separated from their par-ents, except in extraordinary cir-cumstances. We could vote on that legislation today. But instead, we have this bill before us now. This bill turns all un-documented immigrants into crimi-nals. It takes particular aim at fami-lies, children, workers, businesses, pub-lic safety, and our fundamental values as a nation, all at once. It is almost impressive how many bad ideas have been crammed into one comprehensive package. For example, it eliminates most visa categories that promote family reunifi-cation, as well as the diversity visa program, which provides residents of many countries the only method of im-migrating to the United States. It re-moves critical protections for unac-companied children, and it does away with other important safeguards for children traveling with their parents. It would decimate the agriculture community by requiring employers to use the E-Verify employment verifica-tion system without fixing the under-lying immigration system. And it would undercut American workers by importing guestworkers at drastically depressed wages. It would also undermine our asylum system, breaking with our proud tradi-tion of being a beacon of hope and free-dom for the oppressed. In exchange for all these harsh, anti- immigrant provisions, it offers the most minimal protections to Dreamers, creating a renewable temporary status with no path to citizenship, leaving them in perpetual limbo, and unable to become full members of society in the only country they have ever known. This is an act of extortion we cannot abide. This bill fails to repair our bro-ken immigration system and, indeed, in many ways, makes it even worse, and all without substantially helping the Dreamers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. b1230 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), who is the author of an important provision in this bill re-lated to electronic verification of em-ployment, and he is the former chair-man of the House Judiciary Com-mittee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.011 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5425 June 21, 2018 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the chairman of the Judici-ary Committee, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), for all that he has done to advance immigration re-form during this Congress. I do support H.R. 4760, Securing America’s Future Act. This legislation ensures that our immigration policies put the interests of Americans first. We need to thank not only Chairman G
OODLATTE , but others who have put so much time and effort into this legisla-tion. We appreciate Mr. G
OODLATTE ’s diligence, expertise, and commitment to improving our immigration system. Any immigration reform considered by Congress must, at a minimum, se-cure our borders, implement workforce verification to end the illegal jobs magnet, reduce chain migration, bol-ster interior enforcement, and prevent abuse of our asylum laws. Securing America’s Future Act includes all of these necessary provisions. The bill delivers on the President’s pledge to voters to complete physical barriers along our southern border, pe-nalize lawless sanctuary cities, and end the Obama administration’s catch-and- release policy that returns dangerous criminal immigrants to our streets to prey on innocent Americans. Of special interest to me is the inclu-sion of the Legal Workforce Act in the bill, which requires all new employees’ work eligibility to be verified. This will reduce illegal immigration and save jobs for American workers. Also important is the deadline to fi-nally implement an entry-exit track-ing system to identify visa overstayers. They comprise half of the almost 1 mil-lion new illegal immigrants every year. Securing America’s Future Act helps keep our communities safe and pro-tects American workers. It deserves our enthusiastic support. Madam Speaker, again I want to thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for offer-ing this legislation. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Im-migration Subcommittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, this is an anti-immigrant bill. It slashes legal immigration. It will injure the ag industry. It criminalizes nearly the en-tire undocumented population. It will undermine public safety and removes critical protections for families and children, and it even fails to provide a pathway to legal permanent residence for Dreamers. Sometimes my friends across the aisle say the problem with immigra-tion is we don’t have assimilation. You don’t get assimilation when you create a permanent underclass of people who are Americans in every way but their paperwork. It eliminates family-based cat-egories, and this is the relatives of Americans. American citizens and legal permanent residents, forget it. You are not going to be able to get your family members in if this bill passes. It mandates the use of E-Verify, which would be highly disruptive to restaurants, hotels, and other indus-tries, and the changes in the ag worker provision are just a fig leaf. The bill transforms a civil law viola-tion into a crime so that undocu-mented immigrants, including the par-ents of Dreamers the bill purports to help, become criminals overnight. It would accelerate separation of kids from parents when 11 million American workers suddenly become subject to prosecution. Undermining our asylum system by establishing impossibly high evi-dentiary burdens, it removes protec-tions, as I have said, and it does noth-ing to reunite the thousands of chil-dren who have been taken away from their parents at the border. Instead, it facilitates putting mothers in the cages with their toddlers. So why are we debating a bill that nearly everyone, even many in the Re-publican Party, think is a terrible idea? I fear it is because the very ex-treme elements of the Republican Party have become the loudest and the most powerful. I continue to have faith in the good people of our country. The American people spoke out loudly against Presi-dent Trump’s family separation policy. They couldn’t stand seeing little chil-dren, babies, and toddlers ripped from their mother’s arms. And we saw a re-versal, but it is not a solution, because locking up mothers, putting those mothers in the cages with their tod-dlers is not the solution to this prob-lem. We are not going to let hatred, big-otry, and xenophobia prevail in this country. Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Madam Speaker, the reelection strategy for every single Republican Member of the House is to stand strong with a President willing to take children from their parents in order to look mean and nasty and cruel to children who are fleeing for their lives. You own that. That is your cam-paign strategy. As of today, Republicans want to put the children in the same jails as the parents and fight to hold them indefi-nitely and demand we charge asylum seekers as criminals and jail them with their children. The more than 2,300 children who have been taken from their parents and put in a vast system spread over thousands of miles, we just don’t know if those children will ever see their families again. You own that, too. That is what you are campaigning on to save your jobs this coming No-vember. Taking DACA away from Dreamers: that is your policy, too. And then put-ting bills on the floor to cut legal im-migration and build a wall are your strategies to blame Democrats for what you are doing. Republicans want to be both the arsonists and the firefighters, and you can’t be both. I don’t blame Speaker RYAN and Chairman G
OODLATTE . They are not bad people. They are both decent men of faith who have been put in a position of defending policies that are cruel, in-humane, and run deeply contrary to the will of the American people and the values of our Nation. This must be morally wrenching for them. But honestly, I have little sym-pathy. Each has made a devil’s bargain to trade their reputation for Stephen Miller’s agenda and Donald Trump’s name. Legal immigration? No. An asylum policy that protects human lives? No. DACA to protect Dreamers? No. Policies that treat wife-beating, rape, and human trafficking as matters that require us to protect women? No. A nation of immigrants? No. All they want is a wall. Even though both are leaving office because the Republican Party is no longer home for decent men and women of values, faith, and conscience, both are leaving us with one last commit-ment: to put the needs of this erratic President above the will of the people and above the good of our Nation. At some point, someone needs to stop complimenting the emperor on his new set of clothes and start telling the President he is naked. Covering his rear end from all the lies, the deceit, and the soullessness is no longer sus-tainable. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President and to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to respond to some of the false charges that we are hearing here. First of all, with regard to E-Verify, unfortunately, there is a misconcep-tion that it is our intention to imple-ment the new H–2C program and man-date E-Verify for agriculture simulta-neously. This could not be further from the truth. The AG Act, under that act, E-Verify would not be mandated for agriculture until the H–2C is properly up and run-ning and no sooner than 24 months after enactment of the legislation. In addition, E-Verify will only apply to future hires. Secondly, I want to respond to those who complain about what we are doing for the DACA recipients in this legisla-tion. I want to make it very, very clear we are going to do something that is legal, something that is constitutional for them instead of something that was illegal and unconstitutional, and it is going to be superior in this bill to what was done for them there, because they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.036 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5426 June 21, 2018 
will be allowed to remain in the United States permanently, renewing every 3 years. They are only excluded if they do not meet certain criteria. The fact of the matter is we will have an opportunity for them to avail them-selves of existing pathways to citizen-ship. If they are married to a United States citizen, as it would be logical that a great many of these DACA re-cipients are because of the fact that they have grown up here, they will be able to benefit from that. They could not do that under the Obama executive order. So this is much better than how the Democrats have treated the DACA recipients. Lastly, whether the labor workforce status quo is sustainable for American agriculture, under current law in Cali-fornia and other States, farmers are facing chronic employee shortages. Last fall, the California Farm Bureau announced the results of an informal survey of its members. The survey showed that 69 percent of those sur-veyed were experiencing labor short-falls. Despite all the efforts California farmers and ranchers have made to find and hire people to work on their oper-ations, they still can’t find enough willing and qualified employees. California Farm Bureau President Paul Wenger said: ‘‘Farmers have of-fered higher wages, benefits, and more year-round jobs. They have tried to mechanize operations where possible and have even changed crops or left ground idle, but employee shortages persist.’’ The labor force status quo is simply unsustainable for American agri-culture. Clearly, this is not a situation that is going to be solved by granting permanent resident status to farm-workers. In fact, that is the opposite of what is needed. Granting permanent resident status to illegal farmworkers will not do any-thing to ensure that farmers and ranchers have access to the labor they need for years to come. It is short-sighted and does nothing to relieve em-ployers or legal farmworkers of the un-necessary burdens and competitive dis-advantage they face under the out-dated H–2A program. Americans’ food can be grown in other countries where land and labor are far cheaper. To ensure that our meat and produce continue to be grown in America and that our Nation’s agri-cultural industry thrives in the global marketplace, the U.S. needs a flexible, workable, and fair guest worker pro-gram like the H–2C program estab-lished in the AG Act and contained in the legislation that we are debating right now. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, let me thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to stand in full opposition to Securing America’s Future Act, H.R. 4760. First of all, let me say that the only thing that the President’s executive order shows is that he is willing to rip families apart unless it costs him po-litically. If there is a political price to pay, then he will back up and try to confuse what is really going on. But at the end of the day, this zero-tolerance policy is absolutely wrong and we have to end it now. Making unlawful presence a crime is probably a violation of international law. This bill makes it difficult, makes it impossible for people who are seek-ing asylum to come here and try to get their cases adjudicated. They are run-ning, in many cases, from the most abominable situations imaginable. People should know that America is the kind of place you can come to if you are seeking refuge. Let me also say that this thing to build this wall, we will never allow that. We will never agree to that, and we will oppose it with everything we have because it is a symbol of hate and division. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 8 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from New York has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York, Congressman N
ADLER , for this oppor-tunity to speak on this bill. Madam Speaker, I was hired to work across the aisle, to come to Wash-ington to get things done, to fix prob-lems. Earlier this month, we had a dis-charge petition that we needed two more signatures on that would have given us the opportunity here on this floor to vote on four immigration bills under the queen-of-the-hill rule. Essen-tially, that means that whatever bill gets more votes moves ahead. Among those four bills was Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE ’s bill, and, of course, also one of those bills was the Aguilar-Hurd bill that was a product of both Democrats and Republicans coming together working on a solution. b1245 Unfortunately, we weren’t given the opportunity to vote on all these four bills. And the current bill on the floor today does not offer a pathway to citi-zenship for Dreamers. Of course, it does not address the current problem of re-uniting children who are separated from their families. Madam Speaker, I ask today, my col-leagues, please reject this legislation. And I ask the Speaker to give us the opportunity to vote on the Aguilar- Hurd bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. LABRADOR ), the chairman of the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee of the Judiciary Com-mittee. Mr. LABRADOR. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act. This bill provides the tools needed to en-force our immigration laws, secure our borders, and begin the process of re-forming our legal immigration system while also ensuring a generous protec-tion for DACA recipients. Enforcement remains the key to our system. Without enforcement, our laws have little effect. This bill targets criminal gangs, dangerous aliens, and the sanctuary policies that allow these public safety threats to thrive. The bill also provides a permanent solution for DACA recipients. They can apply to receive a 3-year, indefinitely renewable visa so they can live and work in the United States forever, as long as they abide by the laws. This permanent status gives DACA recipi-ents more surety than President Obama’s temporary program ever did. The bill will finally make good on our commitment to grant our growers and other workers a workable agricul-tural guest worker program. The lack of a reliable source of labor when an American workforce is simply not available is imperiling the future of American agriculture. The bill’s H–2C program will be a true guest worker program that will allow the current agricultural work-force to participate on the same terms and conditions as any other worker around the world. The program is en-dorsed by the American Farm Bureau. It is a critical part of this bill. Finally, it closes the loopholes that have allowed fraud to destroy the in-tegrity of our asylum system by rais-ing the credible fear standard and send-ing a clear message that fraud and fri-volity will not be tolerated in the United States. This is a good bill, and I encourage every Member to support it. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act. Instead of working in a bipartisan manner, like open rules and committee hearings, Members of this body now must vote on two bills that will hurt immigrant families and communities by worsening the family separation cri-sis on the border and funding the divi-sive border wall. H.R. 4760 is a hardline anti-immigra-tion bill that fails to provide a perma-nent path to citizenship for our Dream-ers. It makes family reunification much more difficult. It provides $25 bil-lion for the Trump wall. This is while we are going to be confronted with a farm bill that cuts food for starving and poor children in America. It would expand the family separation, and it harms children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.037 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5427 June 21, 2018 
Madam Speaker, this is not the America I know. This bill is nothing more than an attempt to appease the administration and the most extreme faction of the Republican Party. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Inves-tigations Subcommittee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, it certainly saddens me to have to come call legislation harsh and cruel; for if there is anything that we should do in a bipartisan or, frankly, non-partisan manner, it should be the com-plement to the Statue of Liberty, which, over the centuries, has been the standard-bearer of the values and vir-tues of this Nation. I am saddened that we have come to a point, having worked on the Judici-ary Committee with outstanding lead-ers like my ranking member, my chair-man, the subcommittee ranking, Ms. L
OFGREN , for many years on real immi-gration reform, here we are today. Let me tell you why I am opposed to this. It may be because I represent Americans, Americans who are in the 18th Congressional District in Texas. It may be because we are one of the most diverse cities—my mayor says the most diverse city—in the Nation. It may be that we have South Asians and Haitians. We have people from Eastern Europe. We have those, of course, who are Latino. We have those from the Caribbean, and Africans, and many, many more. We have those from Eu-rope. Here is what this bill will do. It will quash any opportunity for mom and dad to bring in extended family mem-bers, citizen mom and dad to bring in their family members. It ends legal im-migration and what we have called the values of America, family reunifica-tion. At the same time, the ugly name that has been given to diversity visas is not true. Those who come through the diversity visa for small countries— should we discriminate against small countries?—have the highest level of education and go into medicine and science and try to help. Then there is no relief for DACA. People who are military, paramedics, lawyers, teachers, we are dependent upon them, having grown up here, lov-ing this Nation, pledging to the flag, pledging to the United States flag. Then, finally, let me say that it is a sin and a shame that we have such an administration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an additional 30 seconds. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Then, as we have not done anything for DACA, we have not done anything for the children snatched away from their families, the children that I saw for 2 days on the border at Texas—Roger, who I held in my hands; maybe the 2-year-old like this—because what it does is it does nothing to reunite the children. It does nothing, after 20 days, to be able to protect them, because the fake execu-tive order does not go beyond 20 days. Frankly, we don’t know where the 2,000 children are, and I know the val-ues of the faith community in America are to reunite. I am saddened that we have this bill. I ask my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ). Mr. BARTON. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the pending legislation before us. I believe it is very important that we show that we do want to ad-dress this issue, and I think the Good-latte-McCaul bill does that in a hu-mane way. Now, we have this issue of separation of children that has arisen at the bor-der just in the last week or so. The Trump policy is not any different on paper than the Obama policy was. What is different is the way it has been covered, and President Trump has real-ized that something needs to be done differently and has signed an executive order yesterday to that effect. I personally think that we ought to go back to the original policy where, if you wanted political asylum, you ap-plied at the embassy or the consulate in your home country. And if you bring your children, and you march them across the deserts of Mexico, and you bring them all the way to the Texas border, you do get a court hearing, but I would say that we give that court hearing back in their country of origin. And if we have to send them back at taxpayer expense, we deduct the cost from existing aid packages that we are giving to those home countries. That way, they don’t have to come all the way to the Texas border or the Cali-fornia border or the Arizona border or the New Mexico border in order to get their day in court. They wait in their home country, and then they get their day in court there. Nobody wants to separate families, but it is the parents who bring the chil-dren with them. It is not the United States Government that is forcing those parents to try to come to this country illegally and bring their chil-dren. The Goodlatte bill funds border secu-rity. It begins to solve some of the issues of the lottery system. I person-ally think it is much better to have a merit-based immigration system than a lottery system where you just happen to, luck of the draw, get a come-into- the-United-States card. I think this is a good piece of legisla-tion, and I hope we pass it this after-noon. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, how much time is remaining, please? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Vir-ginia has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDYCHU). Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposi-tion to this cruel, anti-immigrant bill. This bill is so bad, they even want to destroy legal immigration to this coun-try. For decades, our immigration laws were discriminatory, favoring Nordic and Western Europeans, restricting Italians and Jews, and banning the Chi-nese completely. Finally, in 1965, dur-ing the civil rights era, Senator Ted Kennedy ushered in a fair immigration system based on family reunification. Because this system brings families together, immigrant households are less likely to rely on public benefits. And immigrants are also buying homes and starting businesses at a faster rate. But now, with this bill, Republicans are trying to undo that progress and make America White again. Worse, they are tearing families apart to do this. While Trump and Re-publicans are ripping parents from children at the border, they are trying to do the same through our immigra-tion laws. This war on families must stop. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, this afternoon, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce sent an alert to Members of Con-gress that says the cuts to legal immi-gration in this bill are bad news for States. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Securing America’s Future Act. It is obscene to bring this deeply flawed bill to the floor when thousands of children have been ripped from their parents. Americans across the country are outraged over the Trump administra-tion’s actions to separate families at the border. And Trump’s answer? An executive order that cages families in-definitely and will be immediately challenged in court. Unfortunately, this bill before us would do nothing to stop any of this. Instead, it criminalizes every undocu-mented man, woman, and child in this country and subjects them to the same cruel policy being played out at our border. It is shocking we are even con-sidering this bill. Let’s be on the right side of history. Let’s stop tearing families apart. Let’s stop caging people fleeing violence. I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and defeat this repugnant bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.039 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5428 June 21, 2018 
b1300 Ms. LEE. Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time and for his tireless advocacy. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-position to H.R. 4760. This is an anti- immigrant bill, plain and simple: It fails to provide a pathway to citizen-ship for Dreamers; it dismantles family immigration; it ends the important di-versity visa lottery program; it funds $30 billion for Trump’s border wall; and it fails to address the horrible zero-tol-erance policy. Why are we moving forward with a bill that does not address the malicious detention of families seeking asylum, a bill that does nothing to reunite the 2,300 children separated from their par-ents? These policies are really a disgrace and a stain on our country. Just imagine the horrors of these families fleeing violence, domestic abuse, but we are not providing refuge. No. Our government—our govern-ment—has been ripping children out of the arms of parents. We are holding kids in cages. And now the Trump ad-ministration wants to leave whole fam-ilies, including young children, in jail for extended periods of time. Locking up kids is child abuse. It is a violation of their human rights. We must ensure that these children are re-united with their families. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. And as my colleague Congresswoman C
HU said, it is about making America White again. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding me the time. Madam Speaker, this bill does many things, but the one thing that it does not do is heal the wound in the soul of America. It does not provide a pathway for these babies to return home to their parents. This bill is about as bad as it can get if you care about what you see in this picture. Children should not become the tools of the trade for politicians. This bill will legitimize children as the tools of the trade. We cannot pass it. We should not pass it. We must rethink what we are doing to this country. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The gentleman from New York has from 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 4 minutes remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), the ranking member of the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a step in the wrong direction in so many ways. I wish that we had had an oppor-tunity to sit down, reason together, and come up with a plan that really serves our country. That didn’t happen. Here is what the result was: The Chamber of Commerce has just re-ported that the Niskanen Center that they have relied on indicates that, if this bill became law, the U.S. would lose $319 billion in GDP. That would be the impact, according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, for adopting this bill. And I wonder what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are really doing by turning every undocumented person in the United States, currently a civil law violation, into a crime. We are now creating 11 million prosecution opportunities. At the same time, The Washington Post is just reporting, this is the head-line: ‘‘Trump Administration Will Stop Prosecuting Migrant Parents Who Cross the Border Illegally with Chil-dren, Official Says.’’ What are we doing here? We are doing a bill that would incarcerate families and children to pursue a policy that the administration now says they don’t intend to pursue. Now, I don’t have a lot of trust in the Trump administration because it changes daily. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from California. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to take a step back here. Your President has left you out on a limb. He just sawed that limb off for a bill that does damage to the country for a policy that he now has apparently abandoned. This is a ridiculous situa-tion here. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this bill is a harsh anti- immigrant package that fails to pro-vide a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers and that fails to end family separation, while slashing legal immi-gration, crippling our agriculture in-dustry, criminalizing undocumented immigrants, undermining public safe-ty, and removing critical protection for families and children, all in one mon-strous bill. Mr. Speaker, there is no justification for anyone voting for this bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legisla-tion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, first of all, this bill has been mischaracterized and was just again. This bill makes provisions for when the immigration service prosecutes somebody at the border. It doesn’t tell them when to do that. So it is entirely incorrect to make that assertion. I see the conflicting news reports about what the intention of the admin-istration is today on that issue, but that does not change the fact that that has nothing to do with the good meas-ures in this bill that correct the prob-lems that we are speaking about. The overwhelming majority of the American people want children to be with their parents, and I have just seen a poll a few minutes ago that shows that the overwhelming majority of them want those children detained with their parents, not to have the par-ents and the children released into the interior of the country where they never return for their hearing. That kind of open border policy that is supported by the advocates on the other side of the aisle is not good for America, and it is not good for sound immigration policy. We are a nation of immigrants. There is not a person in this room who can’t go back a few generations or several generations and find someone in their family who immigrated to the United States. But we are also a nation of laws, and respect for the rule of law and following our legal immigration system is the foundation of our soci-ety. So, to me, when you say that it is not good enough to do better for the DACA recipients than Barack Obama did, where do you get that idea from? When you say that we are not a gen-erous country with regard to immigra-tion and that this is an anti-immigra-tion bill when it sustains far more legal immigration than any other country on Earth, they are completely wrong. But at the same time that we do that and we promote that in this bill, good legal immigration policy and some-thing fair for the DACA recipients, we must also have secure borders in our country, and we must give any admin-istration, not just this one, the tools it needs to close the loopholes to secure the border and to end crazy programs like the visa lottery program that gives 55,000 green cards to people just based on pure luck. There are better things to do with those green cards to move to a merit-based immigration system. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, reject the nega-tive ideas of the opposition, and move forward with a policy that does both something important for the DACA re-cipients but also secures America’s na-tional security interests and the inter-ests of our citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because we finally have the opportunity to secure our borders once and for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.041 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5429 June 21, 2018 
Before coming to Congress, I was a counterterrorism prosecutor in the Justice Department. I saw the threats along our border firsthand. After getting elected to the House, the very first bill I introduced put an end to this catch-and-release system. Here we are in this Chamber 14 years later, and I am still fighting for it. Doing nothing should not be an op-tion. As I have said before, it is time for Congress to act. Today, we have an historic opportunity to fix this prob-lem once and for all with the Securing America’s Future Act. Our legislation delivers on the Presi-dent’s four pillars, which I worked closely with him on. It secures the bor-der by building a wall, ends chain mi-gration and the diversity lottery, pro-vides a rational DACA solution, and also deploys new technology and adds boots on the ground. We must move toward a moral, merit-based system and not a random system. This legislation also provides, Mr. Speaker, a legal solution that will keep families together when they cross the border illegally. Our bill brings a generational change that prevents us from revisiting these problems down the road. But this isn’t just about closing loop-holes and fixing broken laws. Border security is a national security issue. Violent gangs like MS–13, human traf-fickers and smugglers sneaking into our country infect our neighborhoods, and too many lives are at risk, and opioids come across the border. Unfortunately, the threats do not stop there. We know that international terrorists are trying to exploit our bor-der. This was made clear from the ma-terials found in bin Laden’s compound and from propaganda outlets like In-spire magazine. The 9/11 Commission report even stated that predecessors to al-Qaida had been exploiting weak-nesses in our border security since the 1990s. In April, Secretary Nielsen testified that ISIS has encouraged its followers to cross our southwest border, given the loopholes that they are also aware of. We must solve this problem, and we must solve it today. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this bill and give the American people the security that they have long demanded and deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 4760, a bill that doubles down on the President’s cruel zero-tolerance policy. This harsh anti-immigrant, anti-Amer-ican bill is the realization of the Presi-dent’s cruel immigration and border se-curity rhetoric and policies. Remember when the Republican Party used to say it was the party of family values? H.R. 4760 is focused on families, but not in a good way. It is fo-cused on separating families, incarcer-ating families, and eliminating path-ways for family-based immigration. Remember when the Republican Party used to say it was the party of law and order? Well, it does take action with respect to local law enforcement, but not in a good way. It would with-hold Homeland Security and other law enforcement grants from so-called sanctuary cities that, for the purpose of public safety, seek to foster trust from immigrant communities. Law enforcement officials across the country oppose this provision because it would make their communities less safe. For example, Latinos in three major cities have been reporting fewer crimes since President Trump took of-fice, particularly as it relates to do-mestic violence and sexual assault. Finally, remember when the Repub-lican Party used to say it was the party of fiscal discipline? Well, no more. b1315 If enacted, H.R. 4760, would require billions of taxpayers’ dollars to be wasted on the President’s border walls, which I seem to recall hearing that it will be paid for by the Mexican Govern-ment. Now they want the taxpayers of America to pay for it. It also waives the paygo scorecard. So now you pull a hat trick. You spend the money, but you don’t score it. So, ultimately, it won’t show up in our budget numbers. Shame on you. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 4760, and I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ), the chair of the Sub-committee on Border and Maritime Se-curity. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his years of hard work on this issue to secure our border. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act. As one of only nine Mem-bers of Congress who represent commu-nities along our southern border, and as the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee chair, I have witnessed firsthand the security threats we face from an unsecure border and the dys-functions of our immigration system. Since I came to Congress, I have been working passionately to protect Arizo-nans from the public safety threats that accompany a porous border, and to start to fix a dysfunctional immi-gration system. This bill which we have been tire-lessly working on since September last year, along with Chairman M
CCAUL, Chairman G
OODLATTE , and Congress-man L
ABRADOR , represent an important step to keep our country safe by secur-ing the border, including building the wall, closing many legal loopholes, ending chain migration, ending the visa lottery, cracking down on sanc-tuary cities and MS–13 gangs, and pro-viding a legislative solution to the DACA population that is reasonable and fair and doesn’t incentivize more illegal activity in the future. This is the first legislation on these topics in the House that President Trump has supported, and we worked very closely with the administration in the process to propose this thoughtful solution to fix these very real and com-plex security and economic challenges. Like many pieces of legislation though, this bill is not perfect. There are many improvements, such as the guaranteed funding mechanism for bor-der security, including the wall, and other technical corrections that we worked on over the last 6 months that I sure would have liked to have seen in this version of the bill on the floor. Nonetheless, I strongly support pas-sage of this legislation as the first sig-nificant proposal to solve these very serious issues that continue to impact communities in Arizona and the rest of the country. I remain ready to lead and help de-liver legislation to the President’s desk that he can sign into law. I would urge our colleagues, especially on the other side of the aisle, who say they care about border security and DACA recipi-ents, to not play politics and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ), the retired chief of police of Orlando, Florida. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, during my 27 years in law enforcement, I fought many threats to our families. But today, I have to say that I am ashamed that our leaders now say that those families are the threat. Families seeking asylum are not a threat. Toddlers and children at the border are not a threat. Dreamers who are brought here as young children, both of us know, are not a threat. Mr. Speaker, I ask: Why is it so easy to reject those who we believe are dif-ferent from us? We will not allow this administration to make America a country that only accepts the rich and well-connected. When we know better, we are supposed to do better. And so I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, you are right, let’s stop playing politics. Let’s do bet-ter and reject this dangerous piece of legislation. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ), a member of the Homeland Security Committee. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act of 2018. I am a cosponsor of this legislation. I remind all of my col-leagues that a sovereign nation cannot stand without sovereign borders. I remind my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that we are Representa-tives of citizens of the 50 sovereign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.042 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5430 June 21, 2018 
States of America. We have not been elected by citizens of Mexico or Nica-ragua or El Salvador. We represent American interests. This is an America-first bill that se-cures America’s southern border. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to embrace their oath and to recognize their service to these citizens that depend upon sound, decisive meas-ures from this body. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, we all recognize the sov-ereignty of our country, but we also recognize its diversity, and we all are immigrants. So let’s get over it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Miss R
ICE). Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, it is a shame that we are wasting our time today on two bills that are harm-ful and hyperpartisan when we all know that the USA Act, introduced by Representatives A
GUILAR and H URD, have the votes to pass on this House floor. This bipartisan solution would fi-nally provide our Dreamers, college students, veterans, servicemembers, and business owners with the status and certainty that they have long de-served. The USA Act would also effec-tively secure our borders without wast-ing taxpayer money on a wall that would not make us any safer. The bills being considered today are simply not what most Americans want. They deny Dreamers a path to citizen-ship. They abandon our obligation to protect those fleeing persecution and violence. And they do nothing to re-unite the families who have already been torn apart by the Trump adminis-tration. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to do the re-sponsible thing, to finally govern, and allow the bipartisan USA Act to come to the floor. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES), a member of the Home-land Security Committee. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4760, Se-curing America’s Future Act. Mr. Speaker, our immigration sys-tem is broken. For decades, adminis-trations have offered temporary fixes or chosen to not enforce certain provi-sions of the law. However, the election of President Trump shows a clear de-sire by the American people to fix our broken immigration system and secure our border. The Securing America’s Future Act addresses these issues and provides needed solutions. The bill secures our border by authorizing a wall, providing new border technology, and putting more boots on the ground. The bill refocuses legal immigration on skills that are needed by ending the visa lottery program and chain migra-tion. It also prevents future illegal im-migration by mandating E-Verify for employers and cracking down on sanc-tuary cities. Important for my State of Kansas, this bill includes H–2C agricultural visas which allows people to come work and provide the skills our farmers need. Finally, this bill gives stability to children brought here illegally by pro-viding a renewable legal status as long as recipients pay taxes and obey the law, without providing a special path to citizenship because no one should get to jump the line. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Houston, Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman for yielding the time. I would offer to say that those Guate-malan Americans, El Salvadoran Americans, those Americans from the country of Mexico, and others who serve in the United States military, certainly reflect the diversity of this Nation. I would offer to say that, sadly, this is the image that is America today. It is not the Statue of Liberty. I stand to oppose this bill because I know, as a member of the Homeland Security Committee, we had a plan that was bi-partisan that would provide for border security that included technology and barriers. Now, we have succumbed to a process which every good-thinking person has to oppose, including the business com-munity. Law enforcement opposes this legislation, in particular, because it makes communities less safe. Just this week a Texas sheriff’s dep-uty was arrested for sexually assault-ing a 4-year-old girl and threatening to deport the undocumented mother if she reported the claim. Good law enforce-ment officers understand that they need to have people report the crime. We know that it was an immigrant, a researcher, who helped us get the polio vaccine. Finally, young people who now are coming to this country, snatched away from their parents, unaccompanied youngsters as well, will no longer have the protections of the special immi-grant juvenile status. It strips crucial protections for abused, abandoned, and neglected children by limiting their ability to access special immigrant ju-venile status. This bill is a bad bill. It is not an im-migration bill. It is a bad bill and it really is not for the American people. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ari-zona (Mrs. L
ESKO ), the newest member of the Homeland Security Committee. Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4760, the Se-curing America’s Future Act, vital leg-islation to the State of Arizona. My constituents back home know all too well how desperately we need our bor-ders secured. I signed on as a cosponsor of this bill because it will fund a wall and other protective infrastructure, close the gaping loopholes in our immi-gration laws, and finally secure our southern border, ending this problem once and for all. It is disappointing that with all of the rhetoric coming from my col-leagues across the aisle, they still refuse to come to the negotiating table and work toward a legislative solution. Our broken immigration system can-not continue to be ignored. I want to thank Chairman MCCAUL and Chair-man G
OODLATTE for their work on this much-needed legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as you heard, H.R. 4760 is fatally flawed. We are here only today debating it because the Repub-lican leadership was essentially ex-torted by extremists within its ranks. Instead, we should be here debating legislation to give Dreamers a path to citizenship. We should be here debating legislation to give safe haven to refu-gees from Haiti, El Salvador, Sudan, and Nicaragua. We should be here debating a meas-ure to end zero tolerance and family separation. Even before the Trump ad-ministration created this family sepa-ration crisis, America’s image was suf-fering the effects of the Trump slump due to the President’s inflammatory and cruel immigration and border secu-rity policies and rhetoric. In fact, last June, the Pew Research Center released an international sur-vey that concluded that sentiment re-garding the U.S. had taken a dramatic turn for the worse. What the President and supporters of H.R. 4760 do not understand is that what makes America great is its peo-ple, both native-born and immigrants. Let’s send a message to the President that we know what makes America great. Let’s defeat H.R. 4760. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me say, this is a historic oppor-tunity to get something done that we probably haven’t gotten done in 25 years. But let me first say that I am a father of five children. I have been down to the detention centers and seen these kids down there, these babies. From a human stand-point, it is one of the most horrible ex-periences I have had in my lifetime. Let me say this, Mr. Speaker: this bill protects our children. It protects our children because it provides a de-terrent for them not to come here in the first place. It also keeps families together and doesn’t separate them, as current law dictates. Current law dic-tates this, if we don’t change the law. Let me also add, I talked to the Sec-retary today and 10,000 of these 12,000 children who are in the detention cen-ters came without their parents. And 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.043 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5431 June 21, 2018 
who were their guardians: the drug traffickers, the smugglers, and the coyotes, as they made the dangerous journey from Central America all the way up through Mexico and into the United States. b1330 I have seen horrors of that, and this bill will provide the deterrence to stop that from happening because, as we know, they are abused on the way up that journey. They are abused phys-ically and sexually and demoralized and recruited. That has to stop, and, Mr. Speaker, this bill will stop that. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition of H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Act of 2018.’’ H.R. 4760 is a DREAM Killer Bill that fails to fix our nation’s fractured immigration sys-tem. This bill slashes legal immigration, it cripples our agricultural industry, criminalizes undocu-mented immigrants, undermines our public safety, and denies critical protections for chil-dren and families. H.R. 4760 withholds grants from commu-nities implementing community trust policies that limit law enforcement officials questioning an individual’s immigration status. This Republican-sponsored bill forces local governments to comply with Trump’s mass de-portation agenda, despite Republican’s historic demands that the federal government stay out of people’s lives. My colleagues and I will never vote in favor of a bill that perpetuates the administration’s mass deportation agenda, especially in light of the human rights violations we are currently witnessing at our U.S.-Mexico border. When I visited the border this past week-end, what I witnessed was horrific. It was not the America that I know and love. Since early May, more than 2,300 children have been separated from their parents. By playing the blame game and putting the burden on Congress to fix what President Trump alone has started, the Administration issued an Executive Order yesterday that pre-tends to open the door for a halt of his inten-tionally barbaric policy of separating families intended to deter people from attempting to cross the border. The new policy detains entire families to-gether, including children, but ignores legal time limits on the detention of minors. The President is ignoring the immigration laws that set the precedent on this arena. The Flores Settlement, issued in 1997, was the result of a class action lawsuit filed on be-half of immigrant children in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. It requires the government to release chil-dren from immigration detention without un-necessary delay to parents, relatives, or those willing to accept custody. It also mandates that the government can-not keep children in detention for over 20 days. Trump’s executive order is in direct violation of the Flores agreement by allowing children to be detained for well-over 20 days. H.R. 4760 is a politically motivated bill in-tended to spread the false narrative that immi-grants are criminals, liars, and job stealers who are somehow a drain on our society and deserving of punishment. Nothing could be further from the truth. Many of our nation’s most beloved and re-spected figures that are even taught about in schools, were immigrants. H.R. unfairly and unnecessarily subjects im-migrants to lengthy criminal sentences, as well as excessive detention and unreasonable scrutiny. The restrictive features of the bill—including asylum provisions, cancelling the applications of 3 million people waiting to immigrate legally, and permanent reductions in legal immigra-tion—we are told are a small price to pay to help Dreamers gain a pathway to citizenship. However, this is not the case. The CATO Institute recently reported that 82 percent of Dreamers would not even benefit from this bill’s citizenship path. H.R. 4760 does not provide a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers; instead, it denies Dreamers the coveted American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Act of 2018.’’ This bill offers minimal protections for Dreamers in exchange for implementing Trump’s mass deportation plan. It includes a litany of bad proposals from the House Judiciary Committee. It eliminates most family-based immigration categories, as well as the diversity visa pro-gram. It mandates the use of E-Verify on a nation-wide basis, thereby crippling industries such as agriculture, restaurants, hotels, construc-tion, and many others. It purports to address concerns in the agri-cultural industry. But its solution is to replace the 1 to 1.5 million undocumented farm-workers in this country with an army of guest workers at drastically depressed wages. This would undermine the wages and work-ing conditions on farms and a host of other sectors (like forestry, logging, and food proc-essing) that employ many U.S. workers and have never been considered agriculture. It subjects each and every undocumented immigrant over the age of 18 to criminal pros-ecution by making it a crime to be here with-out immigration status. This would effectively turn most undocu-mented immigrants—including the parents of the Dreamers the bill purports to help—into criminals overnight. It undermines our asylum system by estab-lishing impossibly high evidentiary burdens and denying asylum to those that travel through ‘‘so-called’’ safe third countries. It removes critical protections for unaccom-panied children and creates a scheme to swift-ly remove them without an opportunity to see a judge. It also abolishes important child safety pro-tections for children traveling with their par-ents. No Path to Citizenship: In exchange for all of the above, and much more, the bill offers no path to citizenship. Instead, it creates a renewable ‘‘contingent nonimmigrant’’ status that would perpetually deny Dreamers the American Dream. Dead on Arrival: We are only voting on this bill to appease members of the House Free-dom Caucus. A similar bill offered by Senator Grassley only received 39 votes in the Senate. The bill is simply too extreme for many Re-publicans, as indicated by letters of opposition from right-leaning groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Koch-brothers funded LIBRE Initiative, and the CATO Insti-tute. Expands Family Separation: The Trump/ Sessions zero-tolerance prosecution policy is fueling the wave of family separation at the border. This bill doubles down on the use of crimi-nal prosecution by making unlawful presence a misdemeanor, or a felony under many cir-cumstances. This would exponentially increase family separation in the interior, as it transforms non- violent, civil immigration violations into criminal offenses. The result would be the arrest, conviction, and detention of millions of immigrants. Harms Children: Republicans will likely argue that this bill treats unaccompanied alien children (UACs) from Central American like those from Mexico and therefore does nothing more than remedy a loophole in the law. But in fact, this bill removes basic protec-tions for all UACs. Among other things, the bill: removes protections for young children aged 13 and under, as well as children with disabilities; eliminates an existing provision al-lowing limited government funding for counsel for UACs, relegating many children to appear in immigration court without legal representa-tion; requires DHS to investigate and remove all potential UAC sponsors. This would both disincentivize sponsors from coming forward to claim children and overburden state foster care systems: eliminates the ability for all UACs to first present their asylum claims to specially trained 
USCIS asylum officers in a non-adversarial setting. UACs would instead be required to present their claims in open court to an immi-gration judge, opposite a trained ICE trial law-yer, and likely without legal representation; and strips crucial protections for abused, aban-doned and neglected children by limiting their ability to access Special Immigrant Juvenile status. Makes Communities Less Safe: The bill withholds DHS grants and other law enforce-ment grants from communities that implement community trust policies that limit or restrict law enforcement questioning of an individual’s immigration status. Although Republicans often demand that the federal government stay out of people’s lives, the bill forces local governments to cooperate with Trump’s mass deportation agenda. Republicans have long sought to turn ‘‘sanc-tuary cities’’ into a pejorative term, but studies show that such jurisdictions have ‘‘statistically significantly lower’’ criminal activity compared to other jurisdictions. Law enforcement officials across the country oppose these provisions because it would make their communities less safe. For example, Latinos in three major cities have been reporting fewer crimes since Trump took office, particularly as it relates to domes-tic violence and sexual assault. Just this week, a Texas sheriff’s deputy was arrested for sexually assaulting a 4-year-old girl and threatening to deport the undocu-mented mother if she reported the crime. If enacted, the bill would supercharge Trump’s deportation agenda, thereby turning undocumented immigrants into prey for crimi-nals. Destabilizes Agriculture: The bill mandates E-Verify use nationwide, despite the reliance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8470 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.045 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5432 June 21, 2018 
on undocumented immigrants by several large sectors of the U.S. economy. To address labor concerns in agriculture and various other industries, the bill creates a massive new guestworker program in which undocumented farmworkers may purportedly participate. But the bill’s unrealistic and anti-worker pro-visions would have devastating impacts on those workers, as well as similarly situated U.S. workers and employers. Among other things, the bill provides status to undocumented farmworkers through a ‘‘re-port to deport’’ guestworker program that re-quires them to first leave the country—includ-ing their homes and families—with no assur-ance that they would be able to return. Few would participate in such a program. The guestworker program would eventually result in millions of guestworkers in the coun-try, and all would be paid at far-below market wages. This combination would have devastating impacts on the labor market—not only in agri-culture, but in other covered industries such as logging, forestry, and food processing. Given what Republicans often say about the need to protect U.S. workers, we cannot see why they would support this bill. Fails to Fix the Broken System: The bill fails to repair our fundamentally broken immigration system. H.R. 4760 is simply a politically motivated bill intended to propagate the fiction that immi-grants are criminals, liars, and job stealers who are somehow a drain on our society and need to be punished. Nothing could be further from the truth. Im-migrants generally play a positive role in our society, and this bill unfairly and unnecessarily subjects them to lengthy criminal sentences, as well as excessive detention and unreason-able scrutiny. Republicans have long championed their identity as the ‘‘Party of Lincoln,’’ but this bill proves that they have clearly become the ‘‘Party of Trump.’’ Trump champions nativist fear-mongering, relies on alternative facts, and seeks to send America back to the dark ages of isolationism and cultural in-fighting. This is the wrong direction for our country. Family Immigration Led To John Tu’s Billion Dollar Company. John Tu created wealth, shared that wealth with his employees and demonstrated people can achieve the American Dream while also fulfilling the dreams of others. Immigrant entrepreneurs possess relatively few options for starting a business and re-maining in the United States. There is no startup visa that allows individ-uals to receive permanent residence specifi-cally for starting a business. Once someone acquires permanent resi-dence (a green card) he or she has the free-dom to start a business in America. That is why the stories we hear about suc-cessful foreign-born entrepreneurs come al-most exclusively from individuals sponsored by an employer or family member. John Tu is a great example of this. John Tu (No. 87 on the Forbes 400 list) was born in China in 1941, where he lived with his parents and sisters. He describes himself as a mediocre student unable to attend the best Chinese colleges. He was denied a visa to the United States and instead applied to a college in Germany, where in 1978 he earned a degree in electrical engineering. ‘‘My dream of coming to the United States persisted,’’ said John in testimony before the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration. He recalled visiting his sister, who was living in Boston. She had come to America as a student and married a U.S. citizen born in Taiwan. That trip reignited his dreams. ‘‘My experience brought me to the conclu-sion that in the U.S. one can be anything he wants. I decided right then that I would find a way to make my home in America.’’ His sister, who became a U.S. citizen, spon-sored John for immigration through the immi-grant preference category for the siblings of U.S. citizens. As someone willing to take a chance on a new country, it’s not surprising John Tu quick-ly became an entrepreneur. He started a one-man gift shop in Arizona, where his sister had moved to, and sold col-lectables imported from China. A few years later, John ventured into com-mercial real estate, eventually buying a condo-minium in Los Angeles. In California, he met David Sun, his future business partner, who also was born in China. In 1982, John Tu and David Sun started a computer hardware company called Camintonn Corporation. They later sold the company to AST Re-search, with each man earning about $1 mil-lion. But a year later, John and David lost almost everything. Their broker, a trusted friend, invested poor-ly, which caused their savings to be nearly wiped out in the October 1987 stock market crash. John Tu and David Sun picked themselves up and did what entrepreneurs do best—they started another business. Their new company, Kingston Technology, sought to fill a niche in the marketplace for computer memory products. ‘‘Kingston soon began developing memory products for a variety of PCs and thriving be-yond either of our expectations. It is ironic that from the biggest financial fail-ure came my most successful venture,’’ said John. The company grew to over 500 U.S. em-ployees and by 1996 was valued at $1.5 bil-lion. Not surprisingly, this attracted the interest of buyers. That year, John and David sold 80 percent of Kingston to Japan-based Softbank Corp. While the sale initially made news, it is what John Tu and David Sun did with the proceeds that generated worldwide attention: The two men set aside $100 million in profits from the sale and awarded bonuses to their American employees, something virtually unheard. In many cases, the bonuses ranged from $100,000 to $300,000. This decision changed the lives of those working at Kingston, allowing many to fund dreams for themselves and their children. ‘‘The bonus meant a great deal to the em-ployees, for some it meant ridding themselves of debt, for others a down payment on a house, and for one person the opportunity to return to college and finish his education,’’ said Kingston employee Gary McDonald. He decided to use the bonus money to fund schooling and assistance for his four children, two of whom had special needs, including one with autism. ‘‘Without the bonus it would have been much more of a financial struggle,’’ he said. Fate intervened and in July 1999, for busi-ness reasons, Softbank decided to sell its 80 percent share in Kingston back to John Tu and David Sun for less than half of the original sale price. Today, Kingston is ‘‘the world’s largest inde-pendent manufacturer of memory products,’’ according to the company. Kingston employs more than 3,000 people around the world and maintains its head-quarters in Fountain Valley, California. It has garnered a number of awards, including For-tune magazine’s list of the ‘‘Best Companies to Work for in America.’’ John and his com-pany Kingston contribute to many charitable causes. An Immigrant And An Immigrant’s Son Saved Americans From Polio. Polio struck future presidents and poor chil-
dren alike, becoming an epidemic that con-sumed Americans throughout much of the 20th century. Immigrant Albert Sabin and the son of an immigrant, Jonas Salk, developed the vac-cines that ended polio as a threat to Ameri-cans. Neither Salk or Sabin—or their life-saving Polio vaccines—would have been in America if not for family immigration. ‘‘Without Sabin and Salk, American children would continue to be paralyzed for life by polio,’’ Michel Zaffran, director of polio eradi-cation at the World Health Organization, said in an interview. ‘‘Their contribution is quite simply immeasurable.’’ Americans today do not consider polio a threat. That was not always the case. ‘‘No disease drew as much attention, or struck the same terror, as polio,’’ according to David Oshinsky, author of the Pulitzer Prize-winning book Polio: An American Story. ‘‘Polio hit without warning. There was no way of telling who would get it and who would be spared. It killed some of its victims and marked oth-ers for life, leaving behind vivid reminders for all to see: wheelchairs, crutches, leg braces, breathing devices, deformed limbs.’’ Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who used a wheelchair throughout his presidency, is the most famous victim of polio. But at its approximate height, in 1949, around 40,000 cases were reported in Amer-ica, according to Oshinsky. In San Angelo, Texas, one out of every 124 residents contracted the disease, resulting in 24 deaths and 84 cases of permanent paral-ysis, affecting mostly children. Cases of polio first appeared in the U.S. in the 1800s. The invention of the electron microscope in the 1930s allowed researchers to see the virus that causes the polio infection, which is spread through fecal waste, from one person to another, by hand, food, water and other methods. When Albert Sabin was born in Poland in 1906, Americans could not have known this Polish infant would someday grow up and change their lives. ‘‘When he was 15, his family came to the United States to escape the murderous po-groms [against Jews] that erupted there fol-lowing World War I,’’ according to David Oshinsky. ‘‘The Sabins settled in Paterson, New Jer-sey, an immigrant textile center, where his fa-ther took a job as a weaver. Fluent in Polish and German, but knowing no English, Sabin was tutored by a cousin who encouraged him to avoid the dead-end life of the silk mills by getting an education.’’ Sabin did well in high school, while working to help support the family, and accepted an offer from an uncle who offered to pay his col-lege tuition if he agreed to join him as a den-tist. Albert did not enjoy studying dentistry and lost his uncle’s financial support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8470 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.017 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5433 June 21, 2018 
In a great example of mentoring, the well-re-garded New York University (NYU) professor William Hallock Park, a bacteriologist, saw something in Sabin and arranged for a schol-arship. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 954, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-tion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. I am opposed in its cur-rent form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mex-ico moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4760 to the Committee on the Judiciary with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amend-ment: In section 1, in the heading, strike ‘‘ ; 
TABLE  
OF CONTENTS ’’. In subsection (a) of section 1, strike the enumerator and the heading. Strike subsection (b) of section 1 and all that follows through the end of the bill, and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, any term used in this Act that is used in the immigration laws shall have the meaning given such term in the im-migration laws. (2) DACA.—The term ‘‘DACA’’ means de-ferred action granted to an alien pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program announced by President Obama on June 15, 2012. (3) D
ISABILITY .—The term ‘‘disability’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(1) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102(1)). (4) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education program’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). (5) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL ; HIGH SCHOOL ; SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (6) I
MMIGRATION LAWS .—The term ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)). (7) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and (B) does not include an institution of high-er education outside of the United States. (8) P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CON -
DITIONAL BASIS .—The term ‘‘permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis’’ means status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis under this Act. (9) POVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty line’’ has the meaning given such term in section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902). (10) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (11) U
NIFORMED SERVICES .—The term ‘‘Uni-formed Services’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL BASIS FOR STATUS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, an alien shall be considered, at the time of ob-taining the status of an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence under this sec-tion, to have obtained such status on a con-ditional basis subject to the provisions under this Act. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who is inadmissible or deportable from the United States or is in temporary pro-tected status under section 244 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a), if— (A) the alien has been continuously phys-ically present in the United States since the date that is 4 years before the date of the en-actment of this Act; (B) the alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; (C) subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the alien— (i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); (ii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and (iii) has not been convicted of— (I) any offense under Federal or State law, other than a State offense for which an es-sential element is the alien’s immigration status, that is punishable by a maximum term of imprisonment of more than 1 year; or (II) three or more offenses under Federal or State law, other than State offenses for which an essential element is the alien’s im-migration status, for which the alien was convicted on different dates for each of the 3 offenses and imprisoned for an aggregate of 90 days or more; and (D) the alien— (i) has been admitted to an institution of higher education; (ii) has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a pub-lic or private high school, or has obtained a general education development certificate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States; or (iii) is enrolled in secondary school or in an education program assisting students in— (I) obtaining a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent under State law; or (II) in passing a general educational devel-opment exam, a high school equivalence di-ploma examination, or other similar State- authorized exam. (2) WAIVER .—With respect to any benefit under this Act, the Secretary may waive the grounds of inadmissibility under paragraph (2), (6)(E), (6)(G), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) for humanitarian purposes or family unity or if the waiver is otherwise in the public interest. (3) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVICTIONS .— An expunged conviction shall not automati-cally be treated as an offense under para-graph (1). The Secretary shall evaluate ex-punged convictions on a case-by-case basis according to the nature and severity of the offense to determine whether, under the par-ticular circumstances, the Secretary deter-mines that the alien should be eligible for cancellation of removal, adjustment to per-manent resident status on a conditional basis, or other adjustment of status. (4) DACA 
RECIPIENTS .—The Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who was granted DACA unless the alien has engaged in conduct since the alien was granted DACA that would make the alien in-eligible for DACA. (5) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is com-mensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 12-month period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, accu-mulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line. (6) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not grant an alien permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis under this section unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. The Secretary shall provide an alternative procedure for aliens who are unable to provide such biometric or bio-graphic data because of a physical impair-ment. (7) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall utilize biomet-ric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.017 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5434 June 21, 2018 
(ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for such status. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary grants such alien permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section. (8) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section shall undergo a med-ical examination. (B) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall prescribe policies and procedures for the na-ture and timing of the examination required under subparagraph (A). (9) M
ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section shall es-tablish that the alien has registered under the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), if the alien is subject to reg-istration under such Act. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PRES-
ENCE .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— Any period of continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis under this section shall not ter-minate when the alien is served a notice to appear under section 239(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229(a)). (2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN PRES -
ENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States under subsection (b)(1)(A) if the alien has de-parted from the United States for any period exceeding 90 days or for any periods, in the aggregate, exceeding 180 days. (B) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXTENUATING CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the time periods described in subparagraph (A) for an alien who demonstrates that the fail-ure to timely return to the United States was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the alien’s control, including the seri-ous illness of the alien, or death or serious illness of a parent, grandparent, sibling, or child of the alien. (C) T
RAVEL AUTHORIZED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .—Any period of travel outside of the United States by an alien that was author-ized by the Secretary may not be counted to-ward any period of departure from the United States under subparagraph (A). (d) L
IMITATION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General may not remove an alien who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section. (2) A
LIENS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL .—The Sec- retary shall provide a reasonable oppor-tunity to apply for relief under this section to any alien who requests such an oppor-tunity or who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section if the alien is in removal proceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a vol-untary departure order. (3) C
ERTAIN ALIENS ENROLLED IN ELEMEN -
TARY OR SECONDARY SCHOOL .— (A) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall stay the removal proceedings of an alien who— (i) meets all the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (b)(1), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of such subsection; (ii) is at least 5 years of age; and (iii) is enrolled in an elementary school, a secondary school, or an early childhood edu-cation program. (B) COMMENCEMENT OF REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary may not com-mence removal proceedings for an alien de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (C) E
MPLOYMENT .—An alien whose removal is stayed pursuant to subparagraph (A) or who may not be placed in removal pro-ceedings pursuant to subparagraph (B) shall, upon application to the Secretary, be grant-ed an employment authorization document. (D) L
IFT OF STAY .—The Secretary or Attor-ney General may not lift the stay granted to an alien under subparagraph (A) unless the alien ceases to meet the requirements under such subparagraph. (e) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law may be construed to apply a nu-merical limitation on the number of aliens who may be granted permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis under this Act. 
SEC. 3. TERMS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-TUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS. 
(a) P ERIOD OF STATUS .—Permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis is— (1) valid for a period of 8 years, unless such period is extended by the Secretary; and (2) subject to termination under subsection (c). (b) N
OTICE OF REQUIREMENTS .—At the time an alien obtains permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary shall provide notice to the alien regarding the pro-visions of this Act and the requirements to have the conditional basis of such status re-moved. (c) T
ERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary may terminate the permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis of an alien only if the Secretary— (1) determines that the alien ceases to meet the requirements under paragraph (1)(C) of section 3(b), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section; and (2) prior to the termination, provides the alien— (A) notice of the proposed termination; and (B) the opportunity for a hearing to pro-vide evidence that the alien meets such re-quirements or otherwise contest the termi-nation. (d) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA-
TUS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for such status is denied shall return to the im-migration status that the alien had imme-diately before receiving permanent resident status on a conditional basis or applying for such status, as appropriate. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TEMPORARY PRO -
TECTED STATUS .—An alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for such status is denied and who had temporary protected status under section 244 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) immediately before receiving or apply-ing for such permanent resident status on a conditional basis, as appropriate, may not return to such temporary protected status if— (A) the relevant designation under section 244(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)) has been terminated; or (B) the Secretary determines that the rea-son for terminating the permanent resident status on a conditional basis renders the alien ineligible for such temporary protected status. SEC. 4. REMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY FOR REMOVAL OF CONDI-
TIONAL BASIS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall remove the conditional basis of an alien’s permanent resident status granted under this Act and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence if the alien— (A) is described in paragraph (1)(C) of sec-tion 3(b), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section; (B) has not abandoned the alien’s residence in the United States; and (C)(i) has acquired a degree from an insti-tution of higher education or has completed at least 2 years, in good standing, in a pro-gram for a bachelor’s degree or higher degree in the United States; (ii) has served in the Uniformed Services for at least 2 years and, if discharged, re-ceived an honorable discharge; or (iii) has been employed for periods totaling at least 3 years and at least 75 percent of the time that the alien has had a valid employ-ment authorization, except that any period during which the alien is not employed while having a valid employment authorization and is enrolled in an institution of higher education, a secondary school, or an edu-cation program described in section 3(b)(1)(D)(iii), shall not count toward the time requirements under this clause. (2) H
ARDSHIP EXCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-move the conditional basis of an alien’s per-manent resident status and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence if the alien— (i) satisfies the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); (ii) demonstrates compelling cir-cumstances for the inability to satisfy the requirements under subparagraph (C) of such paragraph; and (iii) demonstrates that— (I) the alien has a disability; (II) the alien is a full-time caregiver of a minor child; or (III) the removal of the alien from the United States would result in extreme hard-ship to the alien or the alien’s spouse, par-ent, or child who is a national of the United States or is lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (3) C
ITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the conditional basis of an alien’s permanent resident status granted under this Act may not be removed unless the alien demonstrates that the alien satis-fies the requirements under section 312(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)). (B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who is unable to meet the requirements under such section 312(a) due to disability. (4) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire aliens applying for lawful permanent resident status under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.010 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5435 June 21, 2018 
(III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 12-month period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, the alien accumulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 per-cent of the poverty line. (5) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not re-move the conditional basis of an alien’s per-manent resident status unless the alien sub-mits biometric and biographic data, in ac-cordance with procedures established by the Secretary. The Secretary shall provide an al-ternative procedure for applicants who are unable to provide such biometric data be-cause of a physical impairment. (6) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall utilize biomet-ric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for removal of the conditional basis of the alien’s permanent resident status; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for re-moval of such conditional basis. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary removes the condi-tional basis of the alien’s permanent resident status. (b) T
REATMENT FOR PURPOSES OF NATU-
RALIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of title III of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), an alien granted perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis shall be considered to have been admitted to the United States, and be present in the United States, as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (2) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION FOR NATU -
RALIZATION .—An alien may not apply for nat-uralization while the alien is in permanent resident status on a conditional basis. 
SEC. 5. DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) D OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— An alien’s application for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis may in-clude, as proof of identity— (1) a passport or national identity docu-ment from the alien’s country of origin that includes the alien’s name and the alien’s photograph or fingerprint; (2) the alien’s birth certificate and an iden-tity card that includes the alien’s name and photograph; (3) a school identification card that in-cludes the alien’s name and photograph, and school records showing the alien’s name and that the alien is or was enrolled at the school; (4) a Uniformed Services identification card issued by the Department of Defense; (5) any immigration or other document issued by the United States Government bearing the alien’s name and photograph; or (6) a State-issued identification card bear-ing the alien’s name and photograph. (b) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING CONTINUOUS  P
HYSICAL PRESENCE IN THE UNITED STATES .— To establish that an alien has been continu-ously physically present in the United States, as required under section 3(b)(1)(A), or to establish that an alien has not aban-doned residence in the United States, as re-quired under section 5(a)(1)(B), the alien may submit documents to the Secretary, includ-ing— (1) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) records of service from the Uniformed Services; (4) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (5) passport entries; (6) a birth certificate for a child who was born in the United States; (7) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (8) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (9) tax receipts; (10) insurance policies; (11) remittance records; (12) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (13) copies of money order receipts for money sent in or out of the United States; (14) dated bank transactions; or (15) two or more sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien who have direct knowledge of the alien’s contin-uous physical presence in the United States, that contain— (A) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (B) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (c) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING INITIAL  E
NTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES .—To estab- lish under section 3(b)(1)(B) that an alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States, an alien may submit documents to the Secretary, including— (1) an admission stamp on the alien’s pass-port; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) any document from the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Se-curity stating the alien’s date of entry into the United States; (4) hospital or medical records showing medical treatment or hospitalization, the name of the medical facility or physician, and the date of the treatment or hospitaliza-tion; (5) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an immediate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (6) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (7) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (8) a birth certificate for a child who was born in the United States; (9) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (10) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (11) tax receipts; (12) travel records; (13) copies of money order receipts sent in or out of the country; (14) dated bank transactions; (15) remittance records; or (16) insurance policies. (d) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ADMISSION TO  
ANINSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—To establish that an alien has been admitted to an institution of higher education, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a document from the institution of higher education cer-tifying that the alien— (1) has been admitted to the institution; or (2) is currently enrolled in the institution as a student. (e) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF A  D
EGREE FROM AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER  E
DUCATION .—To establish that an alien has acquired a degree from an institution of higher education in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a di-ploma or other document from the institu-tion stating that the alien has received such a degree. (f) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF  H
IGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA , G ENERAL EDU-
CATIONAL DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE , OR A  R
ECOGNIZED EQUIVALENT .—To establish that an alien has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a public or private high school, or has obtained a general educational development certifi-cate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Sec-retary— (1) a high school diploma, certificate of completion, or other alternate award; (2) a high school equivalency diploma or certificate recognized under State law; or (3) evidence that the alien passed a State- authorized exam, including the general edu-cational development exam, in the United States. (g) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ENROLLMENT  
IN AN EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM .—To establish that an alien is enrolled in any school or education program described in section 3(b)(1)(D)(iii), 3(d)(3)(A)(iii), or 5(a)(1)(C), the alien shall submit school records from the United States school that the alien is cur-rently attending that include— (1) the name of the school; and (2) the alien’s name, periods of attendance, and current grade or educational level. (h) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EXEMPTION  F
ROM APPLICATION FEES.—To establish that an alien is exempt from an application fee under section 3(b)(5)(B) or 5(a)(4)(B), the alien shall submit to the Secretary the fol-lowing relevant documents: (1) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH AGE .—To es- tablish that an alien meets an age require-ment, the alien shall provide proof of iden-tity, as described in subsection (a), that es-tablishes that the alien is younger than 18 years of age. (2) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH INCOME .—To establish the alien’s income, the alien shall provide— (A) employment records that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency; (B) bank records; or (C) at least 2 sworn affidavits from individ-uals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the alien’s work and income that contain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (3) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH FOSTER CARE , 
LACK OF FAMILIAL SUPPORT , HOMELESSNESS , 
OR SERIOUS , CHRONIC DISABILITY .—To estab-lish that the alien was in foster care, lacks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.010 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5436 June 21, 2018 
parental or familial support, is homeless, or has a serious, chronic disability, the alien shall provide at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that contain— (A) a statement that the alien is in foster care, otherwise lacks any parental or other familiar support, is homeless, or has a seri-ous, chronic disability, as appropriate; (B) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (C) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (4) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH UNPAID MED -
ICAL EXPENSE .—To establish that the alien has debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses, the alien shall provide receipts or other documentation from a medical pro-vider that— (A) bear the provider’s name and address; (B) bear the name of the individual receiv-ing treatment; and (C) document that the alien has accumu-lated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an imme-diate family member of the alien. (i) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING QUALIFICATION  
FORHARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—To establish that an alien satisfies one of the criteria for the hardship exemption set forth in section 5(a)(2)(A)(iii), the alien shall submit to the Secretary at least 2 sworn affidavits from in-dividuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that warrant the exemption, that contain— (1) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (2) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (j) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING SERVICE IN  
THEUNIFORMED SERVICES .—To establish that an alien has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years and, if discharged, re-ceived an honorable discharge, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— (1) a Department of Defense form DD–214; (2) a National Guard Report of Separation and Record of Service form 22; (3) personnel records for such service from the appropriate Uniformed Service; or (4) health records from the appropriate Uniformed Service. (k) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EMPLOY -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may satisfy the employment requirement under section 5(a)(1)(C)(iii) by submitting records that— (A) establish compliance with such em-ployment requirement; and (B) have been maintained by the Social Se-curity Administration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency. (2) O
THER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is un-able to submit the records described in para-graph (1) may satisfy the employment re-quirement by submitting at least 2 types of reliable documents that provide evidence of employment, including— (A) bank records; (B) business records; (C) employer records; (D) records of a labor union, day labor cen-ter, or organization that assists workers in employment; (E) sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have di-rect knowledge of the alien’s work, that con-tain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien; and (F) remittance records. (l) AUTHORITY TOPROHIBIT USE OF CERTAIN  D
OCUMENTS .—If the Secretary determines, after publication in the Federal Register and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents does not re-liably establish identity or that permanent resident status on a conditional basis is being obtained fraudulently to an unaccept-able degree, the Secretary may prohibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents. 
SEC. 6. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NITIAL PUBLICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish regulations implementing this Act in the Federal Reg-ister. Such regulations shall allow eligible individuals to immediately apply affirma-tively for the relief available under section 3 without being placed in removal proceedings. (b) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations published pursuant to subsection (a) shall be effective, on an in-terim basis, immediately upon publication in the Federal Register, but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. (c) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which interim regula-tions are published under this section, the Secretary shall publish final regulations im-plementing this Act. (d) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—The re- quirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) shall not apply to any action to implement this Act. 
SEC. 7. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not disclose or use information provided in appli-cations filed under this Act or in requests for DACA for the purpose of immigration en-forcement. (b) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not refer any individual who has been granted permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis or who was granted DACA to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or any designee of either such entity. (c) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), information provided in an application for permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis or a request for DACA may be shared with Federal security and law enforcement agencies— (1) for assistance in the consideration of an application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis; (2) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; (3) for national security purposes; or (4) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this section shall be fined not more than $10,000. 
SEC. 8. RESTORATION OF STATE OPTION TO DE-TERMINE RESIDENCY FOR PUR-POSES OF HIGHER EDUCATION BEN-EFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1623) is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeal under subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the original enactment of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–546). 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New Mexico? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage, as amended. When DACA was terminated in Sep-tember, this Chamber promised hun-dreds of thousands of young people and the American public that we would have a public debate and vote to pro-tect Dreamers. We gather here today, instead, to vote on legislation that fails to protect these young people, radically changes our immigration laws, and derails the bipartisan queen- of-the-hill effort that would give us a solution. H.R. 4760 is a hyperpartisan, sweeping bill which would fundamentally change our legal immigration system and neg-atively impact our economy, which is why it is opposed by the majority of the Republican Conference, faith groups, businesses, chambers, and, quite frankly, everyone in between. If enacted, these policies would un-dermine local law enforcement, hurt businesses, and rip apart communities through mass deportation, while tell-ing hundreds of thousands of American Dreamers that they can only be a guest in the only country most of them have ever known, but that they will never truly be American. The truth is that this bill is a poison pill-ridden effort that does nothing to get us closer to passing a bipartisan, narrow, and targeted solution for Dreamers. Congress—that is each and every one of us—has a responsibility to address this Trump-created crisis in a bipar-tisan, rapid, compassionate, and mean-ingful way. This is what the American people want us to do. But since the start of the Trump administration, a divisive and twisted narrative has been perpetrated to villainize, scapegoat, and hurt immigrant families. This week, the pain of immigrant families was felt by each and every per-son in America who heard the terror and cries of children being torn from their parents. This week we have expe-rienced the horror many immigrant families feel every single day, and we have seen how ugly it is to use vulner-able immigrant children, mothers, and fathers as political pawns. But we have also seen Americans stand up for these families. We saw them rebuke the President and his hei-nous policy. Today we must do the same thing by standing up for Dream-ers. We must meet our responsibility as Members of Congress by voting for leg-islation that fixes this Trump-created DACA crisis, not by voting for legisla-tion that makes it worse. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.010 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5437 June 21, 2018 
Every time that a bipartisan fix for Dreamers is within our reach, this cha-otic Republican Conference caves to those who aim to exploit Dreamers in order to impose radical changes to our immigration system. The provisions in H.R. 4760’s partisan anti-immigrant bill betray our most fundamental American values. It is a reflection of the xenophobic agenda of the Trump White House which prioritizes billions upon billions on a wasteful wall, cuts legal immigration, and ends our obligation to protect Dreamers. This is the latest example of Repub-licans putting Trump’s anti-immigrant demands above moral decency, fami-lies, Dreamers, and the will of the American people. It is indefensible and immoral that this House continues to derail bipartisan efforts to protect Dreamers. The antics that we are wit-nessing are why the American people have lost faith that their Representa-tives can find bipartisan solutions to our Nation’s most pressing issues. But as a Member of Congress in the minority party at a time of deep polit-ical division and instability, I still be-lieve it is possible for us to work to-gether to improve the well-being of families, children, and young people. Mr. Speaker, that is why I am asking and I am imploring you to join me in voting for the bipartisan Dream Act that upholds our values and fulfills our promise to protect Dreamers and their families. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this effort to distract us from the major problems that we are attempting to address in our country. This motion to recommit only—only—deals with amnesty for a far larger population of people than the American people expect to have ad-dressed. The people who are the DACA recipients are people who arrived here as young children before June 15, 2007. This bill does nothing to solve the problem with the surge of people at the border of our country. It does nothing to create a new border security wall and fencing system, technology and personnel who are needed, and judges in courtrooms to process the huge number—the 600,000 backlog—of am-nesty cases that we have. This does nothing to close the loop-holes that are allowing people to enjoy what is called catch and release. When they come into the country, some of them even turn themselves in knowing that, ultimately, they are going to be released into the interior of the United States. We need to give the administra-tion the tools they need to stop this problem. It is not a new problem. The Obama administration wanted a number of the changes that are in this bill with regard to clarifying things like the terrible Flores decision, which is at the heart of the problem we have with young children being separated from their parents. We fix those things in this legisla-tion, and yet this would substitute all of that for something that is just tar-geted at what the other party wants to do. And they call upon us to work in a bipartisan fashion. This bill addresses all of the areas that need to be addressed, and they give lip service to the other areas, but they do not address them. This is proof of that by the fact that it only deals with amnesty. We need to have a movement to a merit-based immigration system. We need to end the terrible visa lottery system, which is a national security problem and which is something that does not benefit the American econ-omy. We need to move from chain migra-tion to a merit-based system, and we need to make sure that we treat the DACA recipients better than they are treated under the unconstitutional, il-legal Obama process, but not at the cost of not doing the other three pillars that we are seeking to address. We need to address border security and interior enforcement; we need to end the visa lottery and move to a merit-based system; and we need to end chain migration. It also doesn’t have anything about E-Verify or helping 1 million agricul-tural guest workers who want to work in this country legally and the farmers who want to have a system that allows them to do that legally. This is the bill that we need to pass, not this motion to recommit. I urge my colleague to oppose the motion to recommit and support the underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 191, nays 234, not voting 2, as follows: 
[Roll No. 281] YEAS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.048 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5438 June 21, 2018 
Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—2 
Jeffries Payne 
b1404 Messrs. WEBSTER of Florida, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, ROE of Tennessee, GOSAR, and BOST changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CUELLAR, LAWSON of Flor-ida, Mses. CASTOR of Florida, JACK-SON LEE, Messrs. BEYER, NOLAN, AL GREEN of Texas, and LARSON of Con-necticut changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 193, noes 231, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 282] AYES—193 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—231 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NOT VOTING—3 
Jeffries Payne Yarmuth 
b1411 So the bill was not passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1415 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6136, BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRATION REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 953 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 953 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immi-gration laws and provide for border security, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Se-curity; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The gentleman from Wash-ington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.008 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5439 June 21, 2018 
as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, the House Rules Com-mittee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 953, providing for consider-ation of H.R. 6136, the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act. This leg-islation demonstrates a pivotal mo-ment in our Nation’s history, one in which we can choose to, for the first time in decades, make significant im-provements to our Nation’s broken im-migration system. Mr. Speaker, I have been in this body for just about 3
1⁄2years, and through-out that period of time, and even be-fore as I was working to become a Con-gressman, I have always been clear with the people of the Fourth Congres-sional District of the State of Wash-ington that fixing our broken immigra-tion system is a top priority and one that I believe my district, my State, and the entire Nation desperately needs. With the rule that we bring forward today, I can look my constituents in the eye, and, with certainty, I can tell them that I believe that this legisla-tion, the underlying bill, this con-sensus legislation that we have before us, is the best opportunity this body has had in many, many years—in fact, decades—to get something signed into law to make a true, lasting, sub-stantive difference to improve our bro-ken immigration system. While it may not be perfect—few bills are—H.R. 6136, the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act, includes sev-eral main tenets to addressing our im-migration crisis, and, I should add, it is the only bill that we are considering that includes all four pillars that the President, on numerous occasions, has stated must be a part of any legislation that he will sign into law. First, this legislation includes des-perately needed appropriations for bor-der security. The bill appropriates funding for further construction of the border wall, as well as technology, per-sonnel, and modernization of our ports of entry. Our border security system is broken and must be fixed, so I would look to my fellow conservatives and say: This is our one shot to get this done. This is our one opportunity to live up to the commitment we gave to our constitu-ents when we said we would secure our border. Mr. Speaker, I truly believe that this is our only chance, and we can’t waste it. We can’t squander it. Let’s get our border secured once and for all, and keep our commitment to our people. It also includes a desperately needed solution for the DACA population. I have shared with many of my col-leagues time and time again that I have the second highest number of DACA recipients in my district in the State of Washington out of the entire Republican Conference. A full third of Washington State’s DACA population lives in my district of central Wash-ington. I can tell you that I have met with literally hundreds of them, including just this week. Monday afternoon, I met with about half a dozen of these young people. They are smart, hard-working, respectful, caring members of our community, people that you would be proud to call your own constituents. I am proud that this legislation pro-vides them with the certainty that they need so that they can continue moving forward with their educational and professional endeavors, and con-tinue to be productive, upstanding members of society. Do you know what they told me that they wanted and that they need? They would like hope. We can give it to them with this bill. Mr. Speaker, this bill also, impor-tantly, addresses the terrible situation that we have all been witnessing re-garding family separation at the bor-der. Children should not be taken away from their parents. We can enforce our laws and enforce our border while also keeping families together. This situation has shown one more broken piece of an immigration system that is not working for anyone, and an-other example that shows why reform is so desperately needed. It makes clear that minors at the border must remain with their parent or legal guardian. Mr. Speaker, I want to share an ex-cerpt that comes from an interview that I just watched with one of our Border Patrol agents, a Mr. Chris Cabrera, and if I may quote him, Mr. Speaker. ‘‘We’ve had this situation going on for 4 years now, and for some reason, we haven’t fixed it. I don’t think you can necessarily blame it on one admin-istration or the other. It started under one and is continuing under another. It hasn’t been fixed, and it needs to be fixed. ‘‘Right now, we have this beacon of, ‘We’ll leave the light on for you and let you come illegally into the country.’ If you’ve seen some of the stuff we’ve seen down here, you would understand just how important it is to have a tough stance to divert people from coming here. When you see a 12-year- old girl with a Plan B pill—her parents put her on birth control because they know getting violated is part of the journey—that’s a terrible way to live. When you see a 4-year-old girl trav-eling completely alone with just her parents’ phone number written across her shirt, something needs to be done. ‘‘We had a 9-year-old boy last year have a heat stroke and die in front of us with no family around. That’s be-cause we’re allowing people to take ad-vantage of this system. ‘‘Let’s be honest here, if we want this law changed, then that’s on Congress. That’s on nobody else but Congress. They need to get to work and change this law.’’ So I would respectfully challenge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, but on the other side of the aisle espe-cially, do not join Senator SCHUMER , who says there is no need for a legisla-tive solution. There is a need. I urge you to reject much of the rhetoric that I have heard on the floor just today re-jecting funding for border security. It can be easy to make this political and refuse to move a solution forward that actually has a chance of being signed into law in an effort to score po-litical points. That is really easy. But this is just too important. Congress can legislate on this. Congress must legislate on this. And with this bill be-fore us, we can fix this. Now, to me, something important this legislation does not address is the desperate need for a reliable, efficient, and fair program for American farmers to access a legal, stable supply of work-ers. Our broken H–2A and guest worker program has hobbled much of the agri-cultural industry from attaining a reli-able workforce. Chairman G
OODLATTE of the House Judiciary Committee has been a stead-fast advocate for reforming this sys-tem, and I thank him for his dedication to this matter over the years. I am heartened by the commitment the Speaker, as well as the majority lead-er, have given to me and others for a stand-alone vote on agricultural work-force legislation before the August re-cess. And I pledge to Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE to work with him and all of my colleagues on that legislation. So while this bill does not fix every broken aspect of our immigration sys-tem, it does take a major consensus- based step toward addressing several main components, including providing certainty for DACA recipients and fi-nally securing our border once and for all. Honestly, Mr. Speaker, many of my constituents are asking me a pretty hard question: Why isn’t this bill bipar-tisan? Why aren’t any Democrats sup-porting it? I don’t know the answer to that, but it may be just as simple as this: Because it is actually something that the President will sign into law. Even though it provides certainty for the DACA population, which we all want, even though it addresses the ter-rible situation of family separation at the border, which I hear is something everybody wants to fix, anything that actually fulfills the President’s goal of securing the border my Democratic colleagues seemingly refuse to vote for. Now, I don’t engage in hyperbole, but I do not think it is hyperbolic to say that my Democratic colleagues may not want to secure our border or en-force our immigration laws. That is what I see. It is clear to me their desire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.055 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5440 June 21, 2018 
to not give the President a ‘‘win’’ is more important than their desire to ac-tually fix and find a solution to these issues. Mr. Speaker, compromise is hard. It is tough stuff. Consensus is always dif-ficult. Both of these things seem to have become four letter words. The same goes for cooperation and negotia-tion. But these are values that I, and many of us, have tried to espouse as we have worked together with colleagues from both sides of the aisle for these many months to find a solution to DACA while also securing our border. b1430 But at the end of the day, we should all be operating under one reality—one thing that maybe some people do not want to accept or admit—whether you like it or not, the President has made it clear what must be included in any bill in order to be signed into law, he has told us what he needs. Now, I have acknowledged this, and I admit, it may be easier for some of us to admit than others, but that is the reality. If my colleagues refuse to accept that the President’s top priority is securing the border, then consensus, Mr. Speaker, is just not possible. I believe our President has shown good-faith willingness to compromise on the issue of DACA. He has come a long way. Unfortunately, we have not seen that same good-faith effort coming from all of our colleagues. It is disappointing, my friends on the other side of the aisle refuse to work with us to try to find a solution here. Mr. Speaker, history will be our greatest judge. It is always easy to be a no, but I will always strive to get to yes for the betterment of our Nation’s future. There is simply too much riding on this legislation for us to not work as hard as we can to get to yes. The peo-ple of this country deserve nothing less. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and support the un-derlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am strongly against this rule and the underlying legisla-tion. We have a human rights catas-trophe on our hands. In less than 90 days, the Trump administration has ripped 2,500 children out of their par-ents’ arms. I am the father of a 3-year-old and a 6-year-old. I can only imagine what it would mean to have them taken to parts unknown, perhaps even locked in a cage, not knowing, not being able to find out what is happening to them. This was a conscious decision that President Trump and Attorney General Sessions made to separate children from parents. It was not the congres-sional intent of the law. It was not the way that President Obama imple-mented the law. It was not the way President Trump implemented the law until 90 days ago. But then President Trump made this mean-spirited deci-sion to literally take little children, even babies, away from their mothers in our country, to place innocent chil-dren in facilities that have mats on the floor or thermal blankets for warmth, away from the loving embrace of a mom or a dad. The President called this a zero-tol-erance policy. It was simply the only reason that these families that are fleeing to the U.S., who are trying to keep their children safe, are being treated like criminals and having their young children taken away from them. Children are being moved around this country faster than the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement can even track. We already know that the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement has a history of lit-erally losing children, losing track of them while they are in custody, and now they are responsible for even more young, innocent lives. Young children are being placed with host families as far away from the bor-der as Michigan and Washington State. Parents don’t even know where their children are. And young children are simply terrified about what happened to their loving mom and their loving dad, and how our country, the United States of America, could be complicit in separating them from the only par-ents they know. This is an embarrassment for our Na-tion, and it must end. And it is offensive when these bills before us are talked about as consensus or compromise, when no Democrats were involved. It may be a consensus between far-right Republicans and rightwing Republicans, but it is not a consensus among moderates, independ-ents, or a single Democrat. And when it comes to caring about these kids, I know my Republican col-leagues care as well. So show it by sup-porting a true compromise bill, like the Dream Act, like other bills that we have had before us, like comprehensive immigration reform that, of course, will get votes from both sides of the aisle because they are the right thing to do for our country. There are long-term consequences for this shortsighted policy. The very act of separating a family has traumatic and long-lasting impact for young girls like this, taken away from their mom and dad, their culture, their support system. They don’t even have the tools at a young age to process what is going on or the trauma or the reality of the situation. One Colorado pediatric emergency doctor treating children removed from their parents said: ‘‘The children clung so tightly and completely to their fos-ter mothers, both at the emergency de-partment and at home, that they were literally unable to put them down. They were terrified that their world would be broken for a second time.’’ The Trump administration is cre-ating a generation of thousands of kids, many of whom will grow up in our country, whose first and sometimes most formative memories is of some-body wearing the badge or the flag of our country tearing them apart from their mother or their father while they are screaming, while they are crying out in the void of a fluorescently-lit warehouse funded by your taxpayer dollars. According to the Office of Refugee Resettlement, responsible for the care of these kids, many children remain in these shelters for 57 days on average. It is further disturbing that Presi-dent Trump would willingly pull fami-lies apart and not have any plan for re-uniting them even with his executive order, no plans to unite the over 2,500 children who have been torn apart from their parents. According to the former director of ICE, these family separations may be-come permanent, literally leaving hun-dreds of kids here in the U.S. left in an already stressed and underfunded child welfare system, where they literally have a mom or dad fully capable of giv-ing them care and loving them that has been forcibly separated from their own young children. My office has been flooded with calls—I know yours has too, Mr. Speaker—some callers crying on the other end, demanding that we do some-thing. Yet, instead of ensuring that we pro-vide resources families need and re-unite them and heal the trauma, the Republicans are bringing to the floor partisan bills that would detain fami-lies indefinitely and criminalize even more immigrants. But this is what happens in a broken, failing, unac-countable immigration system. On that, we agree. So, please, begin the discussions of compromise, of consensus. And that doesn’t mean yourselves, Republicans. You control this body. You get to say what we vote on. It means involve car-ing independent, unaffiliated, Demo-crats, moms and dads, the faith com-munity, the law enforcement commu-nity. Don’t just have this discussion behind closed doors and come out with even more draconian measures that tear even more families apart. So instead of bringing two bills to the floor that have widespread opposi-tion, even in your own party—Repub-licans failed to pass their own bill— there are bipartisan solutions that would not only pass the House, but would get a large majority of the House. We could probably get to two- thirds of this House voting for compas-sion and love if we only were willing to try, bills that truly balance and in-clude border security and safety and the values of our country, so we know that we, as Americans and as tax-payers, are not complicit in tearing a young girl’s world apart. Look, in Congress we often argue on policy issues. And I respect Mr. N
EWHOUSE , my friend from Washington. And I would tell him that what a com-promise means, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.056 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5441 June 21, 2018 
you compromising with Stephen Mil-ler; it means you compromising with L
UISGUTIE´RREZ or Z OELOFGREN or me or the faith community. It is not a compromise when reasonable people like Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. C URBELO go into a backroom and have the reason beaten out of them by hateful fearmongering that is, frankly, un- American. Look, I urge my Republican col-leagues to imagine that these children were theirs, because they are ours, they are our wards, they are in our country. This cannot be allowed to continue. We need to reject this rule. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this heartless, inhumane bill and begin a true process of compromise and consensus that can secure our bor-ders, fix our broken immigration sys-tem, unite families, restore the rule of law, and reflect our values as Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to remind the gentleman that the Dream Act that he says is supported by many peo-ple in this Chamber would do nothing to address the issue that is happening at the border right now. The only piece of legislation before us today is the bill that we have in front of us, H.R. 6136, that if we pass that would solve that situation now. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, in the past few years, we the American people have been presented with false choices: between following the rule of law or showing compassion to people in need. I have had the privilege of being born in the United States, but I grew up with parents who faced the hardships of living under a dictatorship. They came to America hoping that the peace and the opportunity they heard about really did exist. They worked hard jobs, scrubbing toilets, they learned our language, studied our history, learned our system of government and our Constitution. And after many years, when they finally had the privi-lege of taking the oath of citizenship and pledging their allegiance to the American flag, they knew exactly what they were saying and they meant every word of it. They were not just enjoying the blessings of what this country had to offer, but they were willing to take on the responsibilities that came with it. They gave me an appreciation for this great Nation and told me every day that I was blessed to be born in it. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to at-tend a naturalization ceremony and see the journey and the sacrifices that peo-ple have made to achieve citizenship. I think every American should take that oath of allegiance. The goal of any immigration reform should be about family, safety, eco-nomic and community stability. The practice of separating loving families from their children at the border is heartbreaking to watch, which is why we should support this bill. We are a Nation of laws. We should provide laws that create certainty about the fate of these families. Although H.R. 6136 is not a perfect bill for everyone, it does end the poli-cies that make it easier to be here ille-gally than it is to be here legally. And it hits the sweet spot, allowing us both to follow the rule of law and show com-passion to those who seek freedom and the blessings this country has to offer. We cannot hide behind procedures and posturing. We must take a vote. We must be accountable to the people who we represent. It is our turn and our time to follow what the Constitu-tion says in Article I, Section 8, to cre-ate a uniform rule of naturalization. I am a daughter of immigrants. We are a proud American family of patri-ots. We believe that this country is worthy of all of our greatest efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, all of us, to support the rule for this bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  an article from Reuters today titled: ‘‘U.S. Centers Force Migrant Children to Take Drugs.’’ 
[From Reuters, June 21, 2018] U.S. C
ENTERS FORCE MIGRANT CHILDREN TO  T
AKEDRUGS : LAWSUIT  Immigrant children are being routinely and forcibly given a range of psychotropic drugs at U.S. government-funded youth shel-ters to manage their trauma after being de-tained and in some cases separated from par-ents, according to a lawsuit. Children held at facilities such as the Shi-loh Treatment Center in Texas are almost certain to be administered the drugs, irre-spective of their condition, and without their parents’ consent, according to the lawsuit filed by the Los Angeles-based Center for Human Rights & Constitutional Law. The Shiloh center, which specializes in services for children and youths with behav-ioral and emotional problems, did not re-spond immediately to a request for com-ment. The lawsuit was filed on April 16, days after the introduction of the Trump Admin-istration’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy to sepa-rate children from parents who crossed the U.S.-Mexico border illegally. Trump aban-doned the policy on Wednesday. ‘‘If you’re in Shiloh then it’s almost cer-tain you are on these medications. So if any child were placed in Shiloh after being sepa-rated from a parent, then they’re almost cer-tainly on psychotropics,’’ said Carlos Holguin, a lawyer representing the Center for Human Rights & Constitutional Law. Officials at the Office of Refugee Resettle-ment (ORR), which oversees such centers, were not immediately available for com-ment. Taking multiple psychotropic drugs at the same time can seriously injure children, ac-cording to the filing, which highlights the need for oversight to prevent medications being used as ‘‘chemical straight jackets,’’ rather than treat actual mental health needs. ORR-run centers unilaterally administer the drugs to children in disregard of laws in Texas and other states that require either a parent’s consent or a court order, the filing said. The lawsuit seeks a shift in ORR policies to comply with state laws and prevent the prolonged detention of children. Some youths at Shiloh reported being given up to nine different pills in the morn-ing and six in the evening and said they were told they would remain detained if they re-fused drugs, the lawsuit said. Some said they had been held down and given injections when they refused to take medication, the lawsuit said. One mother said neither she nor any other family member had been consulted about medication given to her daughter, even though Shiloh had their contact details. An-other mother said her daughter received such powerful anti-anxiety medications she collapsed several times, according to the fil-ing. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Immigrant children,’’ quoting from this article, ‘‘are being routinely and forcibly given a range of psychotropic drugs at U.S. government-funded youth shelters.’’ Taking multiple psychotropic drugs can seriously injure children. And many youths in Shiloh detention facil-ity are being given nine different pills in the morning, six in the evening. You are paying for them all, Mr. Speaker. Taxpayers are paying for pills and in-jections and drugs for 2-years-olds and 4-year-olds that have been stripped from their parents. One mother said she nor any other family member had even been con-sulted about their daughter being given powerful drugs. Many kids are being held down, forc-ibly given injections when they refuse to take the medication that our tax dollars are paying for. We need to stop this, Mr. Speaker. You don’t need a bill to stop it. President Trump needs to stop it. He wasn’t doing it till 90 days ago; then he started to do it. It is not the will of Congress. It is not the letter of the law. It is a policy that is un-American and far outside the intent of Republicans or Democrats in this body. b1445 If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Ranking Member N
ADLER ’s bill, H.R. 6135, the Keep Families To-gether Act, which I am proud to co-sponsor. This thoughtful proposal would prohibit the Department of Homeland Security from separating children from their parents, of course, except in extraordinary circumstances, and limit the criminal prosecution of asylum seekers. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) to discuss our proposal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.058 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5442 June 21, 2018 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, the Keep Families Together Act is the only bill that is a real solution to the human tragedy of abuses of children, of family separation at our border. This bill prohibits the separation of children from their parents; limits criminal prosecutions for asylum seekers; and requires DHS to reunite children and parents, something that the Trump ad-ministration has no plan for. Mr. Speaker, the Keep Families To-gether Act is the bill we should be sending to the President’s desk for sig-nature, not H.R. 6136. H.R. 6136 does ab-solutely nothing to address the abuses of children, and I want to make it clear that it actually makes things worse. Does anybody really believe that in-carcerating children with their parents is the solution to family separation? or making children more vulnerable to trafficking? or eliminating basic re-quirements for confinement, like clean water and toilets? Mr. Speaker, 11 days ago, I met with mothers detained in a Federal prison after cruelly being separated from their children, and one of the mothers told me how she made the devastating decision to leave her blind child behind and take her other child to safety be-cause she knew that the blind child would not be able to make this jour-ney. These mothers and fathers are mak-ing impossible choices to come here to this country seeking safety, and H.R. 6136 does nothing to reunite these chil-dren, screaming ‘‘Mama’’ and ‘‘Papi,’’ with their parents. The best case sce-nario is that they would be incarcer-ated in a family prison camp. The President is responsible for this tragedy, and he has not reversed this policy. DHS has said that they don’t even know where this child is. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6136 does not even address the crisis of Dreamers. I be-lieve my colleague from the great State of Washington when he says he wants to fix that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman from Washington an additional 15 sec-onds. Ms. JAYAPAL. But, in fact, this locks 82 percent of Dreamers out of citizenship, while dismantling the fam-ily immigration system and revoking approved petitions for 3 million family members who have paid fees and waited for years. This is not a moderate bill. It is wrong. Let’s stand up for these children. Let’s bring the Keep Families Together Act to the floor for a vote. Let us stand up for America. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I wish I could use that picture that my colleagues had up because we are debating a solution to an issue that Congresses for decades have not ad-dressed. Immigration is a difficult issue. It in-vokes strong feelings on both sides. But it is an issue that is long overdue. This vote today is important for show-ing the American people that we can govern. The President supports it because it is strong on border security, provides a permanent solution for the DACA pop-ulation, supports merit-based legal im-migration, and codifies the law to allow families to stay together. Frankly, these are all issues I have heard Republicans and Democrats talk about fixing. I hope some of my friends on the other side of the aisle will vote for this bill, and I think, if we were in a different time, many would. But I am not sure that is going to happen. That is why we need every Re-publican to be with us. It is not an easy issue, but we were elected to lead. By passing this bill, which has the best chance of making it through the Senate and being signed by the President, we could be the leaders who finally secure our borders, provide certainty for people who were brought here as children through no fault of their own, move our legal immigration system to a merit-based process, and keep families together—all issues that both sides have talked about solving, but today, with this vote, we could be the ones who solve these problems for decades. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ because it is a vote to govern. Gov-erning is hard, but I am confident that we can get it done. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), the chair of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, we were so close, so close. Some Republicans were finally willing to work with Democrats on a bipartisan way forward to give certainty to Dreamers, young people who want to be able to work and go to school here free from fear. We needed just three more Republicans to tell their party enough is enough, just three more Republicans to support our bipartisan effort to hold votes on an array of proposals and let the most popular one win the day. But sadly, when the time came, they abandoned that effort. They abandoned the Dreamers. They caved because the Republican leadership twisted their arms because the most hateful elements within their party don’t want to fix these problems. They thrive off of them. They don’t want these people who de-serve citizenship to get it. We do. They don’t think families deserve asylum or protection. We do. They don’t think these people de-serve a chance at the American Dream. We do. The bills we have before us today are a disgrace. They do nothing to stop the Trump orphan-creating machine, tak-ing children from their parents and doing nothing to reunite them. And ul-timately, they won’t fix any of the problems we have because they won’t become law. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are wasting time—wasting time—while people and children suffer. The American people won’t stand for this. They won’t stand for corrupting the law and twisting the Bible verses to justify splitting up families. They won’t stand for torturing, psycho-logically torturing, refugee children. They won’t stand for cowardice and callousness. That is not what America is made of. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. DIAZ-BALART ). Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I have heard so many interesting words on this debate. The last gentleman, whom I respect, said how the Demo-crats care so much for these individ-uals, and yet let’s be perfectly clear. They had ample opportunity after ample opportunity to solve the prob-lem. In 2009, they promised that they would do it within 100 days. Then the President said that he would do it. Democrats had 60 percent of the votes in the Senate. They had huge majori-ties in the House, and they had a bipar-tisan bill ready to go, and yet they re-fused to do it. But this is not a moment to point fingers, as my colleague just spent all of his time doing. This is a moment to find solutions. Look, if you believe, like I do, that these folks who are here—no fault of their own—should have an opportunity to stay here, to be part of society, to be legalized and to, yes, obtain citizen-ship, this may be the best—it is the best and, potentially, the last chance for a long time to get that done, and this bill does that. If you believe that minor kids should not be separated from their families, and if you believe that the best way to guarantee that is through legislation, this is the best and, potentially, last opportunity to get that done because this bill does that. And if you believe that the United States has the right—no, the obliga-tion—to determine who comes in and who leaves, this is, then, also the best and, potentially, last shot to get those three things done. So, again, a lot of rhetoric, but this bill does three things: It allows Dream-ers to stay here and allows them to be-come part of society forever and with pathways to citizenship; it stops, legis-latively, the separation of minors from their parents on the border; and it se-cures the border. That is what this bill does. Every-thing else, Mr. Speaker, is cheap rhet-oric. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. To my friend Mr. D
IAZ-BALART and Mr. N
EWHOUSE and so many others, we stand ready to work with you, but in-stead, you chose to work with S
TEVE  K
ING, LOUIE GOHMERT , Stephen Miller. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.060 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5443 June 21, 2018 
Come talk to us. We are ready. Democrats, to a person, are ready to support something that we don’t fully agree with because we understand the Republicans control this body. So come talk to us, and stop talking to S
TEVE KING, LOUIE GOHMERT , and Stephen Miller. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ). Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, this bill also authorizes $24 billion to build a stupid wall. This bill also says it is going to be harder for family reunification by re-pealing two laws that already allow it. This bill also says that 3 million peo-ple who have done the right thing and are in line to become citizens are now going to be shunted aside. Don’t kid yourself about what this bill says and what it doesn’t say. This bill also is a sham. You know it and I know it. Now, previous speakers said that his-tory is going to judge us. You are right. It will. On this issue, God is going to judge you as well. When you go to those gates and there is a little thing in there that says you went out of your way to use children for your political purposes, you really think that is a good mark to have in your book? I don’t think so. When you talk about compromise, it takes a little bit more than just look-ing in the mirror and compromising with yourself. It actually means you have to deal with people who some-times don’t agree with you. This bill is a lousy bill. You know it; we know it; and America knows it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to ad-dress their remarks to the Chair. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The previous speaker just made the point I was going to. If you are going to negotiate in good faith and arrive at consensus, you have to accept who the President is and what he requires in order to sign legislation whether you like it or not. And one of the priorities that he has made as clear as day is that there will be border security and a wall. Refusing to accept that fact pret-ty much closes the door on the oppor-tunity or any possibility of negotia-tion. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am relatively new to this body, but I have been following politics in this country for quite some time. For many years, I have been hearing Mem-bers of Congress on both sides of the aisle, but more so on this side, prom-ising the country that we would secure the border, that we would disrupt the drug traffickers who are poisoning our people, and that we would disrupt the human traffickers who abuse and rape small children and others as they take them across the desert. This is the opportunity to fulfill the promise of securing our country’s bor-der, because this country, just like any other country in the world, has the right and the responsibility to secure its border and enforce its immigration laws. For a long time, I have also been hearing people talk about Dreamers, the victims of a broken immigration system, young immigrants brought to our country as children, who grew up here, went to school with our own chil-dren, pledge allegiance to the same flag, and today are contributing to this great country. A lot of people in this Chamber, on both sides, more so on the other side of the aisle, have been prom-ising a solution for Dreamers for 17 years, with nothing to show for it. This is our opportunity to make sure these young immigrants are treated fairly and guaranteed a future in America with a bridge onto the legal immigration system. We take the exact criteria that the Obama adminis-tration laid out in the DACA program. That is in this legislation. This bill will also help us end family separation, which I think there is a great deal of bipartisanship for in this Chamber. Our country should have the ability to enforce its laws and to keep families together, which is exactly what the Obama administration was attempting to do until the courts got in the way. We can fix that here. And lastly, we need to modernize our immigration system. We are a nation of immigrants. I am the child of immi-grants, and I am so proud of it. But our immigration laws are outdated. Our immigration system has to be modern-ized so that it is better aligned with our economy so that immigrants who come to this country have the best op-portunity to grow, to prosper, and to contribute. b1500 The alternative is the status quo. A vote against this legislation is the sta-tus quo. What is the status quo? A porous, wall-less border; uncertainty for Dreamers; young people who could lose their status within months; families separated at the border; and an out-dated immigration system that dis-honors every American. So this is our chance to come to-gether. Is this legislation perfect? Every Member of this House could find an excuse to vote against this bill. But that is the problem with immigration, that nothing has ever been good enough. When nothing is good enough, you get nothing. And that is not fair to the American people. That is why I sat at the table, and I have been at the table for weeks, not just with Republicans, with Democrats, good colleagues like Mr. P
OLIS. We sat long hours trying to reach a com-promise, and it is always elusive. Let’s change that now. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I also re-mind my friend from Miami that we have reached several compromises. He and I are both members of the Problem Solvers Caucus. I am proud that the Problem Solvers Caucus— more than 25 Democrats, 25 Repub-licans—we agreed. We reached a com-promise bill—border security, address-es the needs of the Dreamers. I think it would get 60, 70 percent of the votes on the floor of the House. Let’s bring that bill up. Unfortunately, Republicans chose to set Mr. CURBELO ’s work and my work aside and proceed with a spiteful bill that makes the problem worse. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, last September, President Trump took our Dreamers, those incredible young peo-ple who are contributing so much to America, he took them hostage. Then, this month, he added to the hostages by ordering that babies, lit-erally, be yanked out of their moms’ arms. Today, with his Republican enablers, he is basically saying: Give me my $25 billion wall ransom, and give it to me paid in full. But I am not promising to release the hostages. Today’s bill is wrong for Dreamers. It is wrong for taxpayers. It is wrong for those families who have been torn apart by this government-sanctioned child abuse. How great that, with his latest U- turn today, the President is dis-patching his wife, a mother herself, to the Texas border. I just happen to feel that the kids that are tied up in those cages don’t want to see a mother. They want to see their mother. Tonight, they will cry themselves to sleep again, because the self-described ‘‘stable genius’’ didn’t bother to in-clude anything in his executive order to reunite those families. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I would say, instead of taking these hostages and passing this bill, they need to build a great mirror and look in it to see how they have become willing accomplices to this wrongdoing. I bet Mexico would pay for that. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and would just like to respond to one thing that was said previously. All of us have been using examples of young people and how they are being treated at the border. I take exception to the implication that we will all be judged accordingly by our Maker for doing so, in a negative way. Let me just repeat what I said in my opening remarks, quoting a Border Pa-trol agent, Mr. Chris Cabrera. He told us that: ‘‘If you’ve seen some of the stuff we’ve seen down here, you would understand just how important it is to have a tough stance to divert people from coming here. When you see a 12- year-old girl with a Plan B pill—her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.061 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5444 June 21, 2018 
parents put her on birth control be-cause they know getting violated is part of the journey . . . something has to be done.’’ That is exactly what we are doing here with this piece of legislation, Mr. Speaker. If we pass this today, that will help solve this problem today. That is what we, as Congress, need to do. We need to be responsive to the plight of people trying to get here, as well as to the citizens of our own country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an article entitled ‘‘Pen-tagon Asked to Make Room for 20,000 Migrant Children on Military Bases.’’ 
[June 21, 2018] P
ENTAGON ASKED TOMAKEROOM FOR 20,000 M
IGRANT CHILDREN ON MILITARY BASES (By Dan Lamothe, Seung Min Kim and Nick Miroff) The Trump administration is considering housing up to 20,000 unaccompanied migrant children on military bases in coming months, according to lawmakers and a De-fense Department memo obtained by The Washington Post. The Pentagon’s notification to lawmakers said that officials at Health and Human Services asked the Pentagon to indicate whether it can provide the beds for children at military installations ‘‘for occupancy as early as July through December 31, 2018.’’ Sen. Charles E. Schumer (D–N.Y.) ad-dressed the issue on the Senate floor Thurs-day morning. ‘‘The Department of Defense has been asked whether it can house 20,000 unaccom-panied children between now and the end of the year,’’ he said. ‘‘How will that work? Is it even feasible?’’ The plan would seemingly have similar-ities to 2014, when the Obama administration housed about 7,000 unaccompanied children on three military bases. The Pentagon, in its congressional notification to lawmakers, said it must determine if it ‘‘possesses these capabilities.’’ As required under the Econ-omy Act, the memo said, the Defense De-partment would be reimbursed for all costs incurred. The sites would be run by HHS employees or contractors working with them, the memo said. They would provide care to the chil-dren, ‘‘including supervision, meals, cloth-ing, medical services, transportation or other daily needs,’’ and HHS representatives will be present at each location. The memo was sent to lawmakers Wednes-day after President Trump reversed his ad-ministration’s unpopular policy to separate children from their parents as they arrived at the southern U.S. border. The president’s executive order directed Defense Secretary Jim Mattis to ‘‘take all legally available measures’’ to provide Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen with ‘‘any existing facilities avail-able for the housing and care of alien fami-lies,’’ and the construction of new facilities ‘‘if necessary and consistent with law.’’ Lt. Col. Jamie Davis acknowledged Thurs-day that the Pentagon received the request, and said the department is reviewing it. The Trump administration spent months planning, testing and defending its family separation system at the border, taking more than 2,500 children from their parents in the six weeks prior to the president’s ex-ecutive order Wednesday bringing it to a halt. The U.S. government has been examining for weeks whether it can use military bases to house migrant children. Representatives from HHS visited three bases in Texas—Fort Bliss, Dyess Air Force Base and Goodfellow Air Force Base—last week to review their fa-cilities for suitability, and were scheduled to review Little Rock Air Force Base in Arkan-sas on Wednesday, Davis said. The Obama administration temporarily set up temporary centers in 2014 at three U.S. military bases: Fort Sill in Oklahoma, Lackland Air Force Base in Texas and naval Base Ventura in California. Asked about the possibility of military bases being involved again, Mattis said Wednesday that the Defense Department would ‘‘see what they come up with’’ in HHS, and that the Pentagon will ‘‘respond if re-quested.’’ Mattis dismissed concerns about housing migrants on military bases now, noting that the Defense Department has done it on sev-eral occasions and for several reasons. ‘‘We have housed refugees,’’ he said. ‘‘We have housed people thrown out of their homes by earthquakes and hurricanes. We do whatever is in the best interest of the coun-try.’’ The secretary, pressed on the sensitivities of the Trump administration separating chil-dren from their parents, said reporters would need to ask ‘‘the people responsible for it.’’ ‘‘I’m not going to chime in from the out-side,’’ he said. ‘‘There’s people responsible for it. Secretary Nielson, obviously, main-tains close collaboration with us. You saw that when we deployed certain National Guard units there, so she’s in charge.’’ Sen. Jack Reed (D–R.I.) and Rep. Adam Smith (D–Calif.), the leading members of the armed services committees, wrote a letter to Mattis on Wednesday requesting assurances that members of Congress would have access to any migrant facility established on a military base. The letter, sent before Trump dropped his family-separation policy at the border, said that it was essential to have ac-cess even in cases where only short notice is provided. Mattis has approved temporarily detailing 21 military attorneys to the Justice Depart-ment to help with the glut of immigration cases that have emerged on the border. The order, issued earlier this month, calls for 21 attorneys with criminal-trial experience to assist as special assistant U.S. attorneys for 179 days, Davis said. They will help in pros-ecuting border immigration cases, he added, ‘‘with a focus on misdemeanor improper entry and felony illegal reentry cases.’’ The possibility was raised in a congres-sional hearing in May, and first reported as underway by MSNBC on Wednesday night. U.S. law permits a judge advocate lawyer to be assigned or detailed to another agency, including to provide representation in civil and criminal cases. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration is now looking to house up to 20,000 children taken away from their parents at military bases. They are looking to take 10 times as many children away from their parents as they already have. It is time to stop President Trump. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ). Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, this bill wouldn’t end the separation of children from their parents, but it would also provide that the parents could be put in jail with their children. The alternative, which is false, seems to be to put the mother in the cage with the toddler or they run free and we will never see them again. It is not true. There was something called the Fam-ily Case Management Program—100 percent attendance rate at the immi-gration hearing. Those are not my fig-ures. Those are figures from the De-partment of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General. One hundred percent of the people showed up at their hearing, either to get relief or to be removed, at a cost of $36 a day, as compared to $711 a day to keep a child in a temporary tent facil-ity. We don’t want to see the equivalent of internment camps, as we saw in World War II, for these asylum seekers. We need the orderly administration of the immigration laws. This bill will lead to mass incarceration of mothers and their toddlers. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, isn’t that amazing? Republicans can’t even find elected Representatives willing to come down here on the floor and defend taking kids away from their parents. They are out of speakers because Re-publicans are embarrassed. They know that they cannot face the American people, no less their Maker, knowing that they are complicit in tearing in-nocent children away from mom and dad. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMP -
SON). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, the President created a hu-manitarian crisis that inflicts lasting trauma on children when he mandated that they be taken from their parents at the border. The President’s executive action just trades one trauma for another by lock-ing up children indefinitely. This is about the lives and the wellbeing of children. There are more than 2,000 kids who were taken from their parents. I want people watching this to think about those children. The President chose to put them through this to push his harmful and abusive immigration policies. The Speaker could allow a vote on bi-partisan immigration bills today to re-form our immigration system and to put an end to the President’s policy of traumatizing these kids. Congress needs to stand up and fix our broken immigration system and put an end to the deplorable tactics of this administration. Mr. Speaker, this isn’t who we are as a Nation. We need to fix our immigra-tion system and save these kids. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, let me just say that I am proud to represent my conference and stand here with this piece of legislation that will provide the certainty and the hope for more than 1.8 million DACA recipients and Dreamers in this country. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, you will be denying those individuals what they for so long have been wanting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.064 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5445 June 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be here representing my conference to do just that, to give them that hope, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, Mr. N
EWHOUSE may be proud, but there are no other Republicans who have come to the floor to join him. We have so many Democrats who want to speak about how you can unite families that I don’t even have enough time to give. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleague Mr. N
EWHOUSE if he will yield me the bal-ance of his time. Well, I wish he would, because no Republicans are willing to face the American people, because they know they are not working to solve this issue. They are working to tear more families apart. And they are lying about it, Mr. Speaker. They are lying about it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the rule and the shameful Border Security and Immigration Reform Act. I am dismayed and embarrassed that the Republicans are attempting to claim that this bill is a compromise. This partisan anti-immigrant legisla-tion is the opposite to the idea of com-promise. If Republicans were serious about compromise and protecting the Dream-ers, they would have allowed the bipar-tisan discharge petition and queen-of- the-hill rule to move forward. Instead, Republicans have spent the last 10 months ignoring the will of the Amer-ican people and holding Dreamers and young immigrant children hostage to implement their hardline agenda. This legislation does not provide a path to citizenship. It eliminates asy-lum protections, drastically cuts legal immigration, removes basic require-ments for safe and humane detention, fails to end family separation, and does nothing to reunite the children who have been separated from their par-ents. Some of these children are being held 2,000 miles away from their parents, in-cluding in my district in New York, without any idea where their parents are or if they will ever see them again. This is cruel. What we need is a com-passionate solution with a path to citi-zenship and reunification of these fam-ilies. Instead, this bill is an attack on family values and an insult to our country’s heritage as a beacon of free-dom and opportunity for all. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the chairman of the Rules Committee. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished gentleman from Washington, a member of the Rules Committee, for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I really came down here to take part in this debate because, yesterday, for 7 hours, we were at the Rules Committee laying out what are known as Goodlatte 1 and Goodlatte 2, these two bills. This is the rule on what might be called Goodlatte 2. This is a rule and a piece of legislation that represents sev-eral years’ worth of work that was done by Members of the Republican majority to approach an issue that is known as DACA. It is to take some 700,000 young people, and slightly older, who came to America not because they did it on their own fruition as even a young adult, but as a child, where they could not make a decision. They came with their parents to this country. We have been struggling for years to find the right answer on how to answer the question of how to deal with these Dreamers. It is the Republican Party that was challenged by our President who said: I would like for Congress to tackle this issue. It was the President of the United States that began debate and discussion on a bipartisan basis with Republicans and Democrats, Senators and House Members, down at the White House. It found itself at a point where, then, Members came back here and began working together. It did fall apart, but it did not end. It did not end because the Republican Party in our majority have groups of people who are from all across this country, as we have a Con-gressman CURBELO from Miami, Flor-ida, as we have a D
ANNEWHOUSE from the State of Washington. Each of these Members have care and concern about people who live in their district and who have come and petitioned them: Please, Congressman N
EWHOUSE , do something. What did they ask for? They asked for two things, very simply. They asked: Please allow us to come out of the shadows and recognize us. And, sec-ondly: Give us legal status. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Texas. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we are out of time. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what these bills do. They address the issue in a compassionate, fair way. b1515 They address the issues of coming out of the shadows, and they are given permanent legal status that gives them options for the rest of their life. I think that what we have done, Mr. Speaker, is more than what we were asked, and to not be a part of taking a vote on this today and voting ‘‘yes’’ is another opportunity that we are given here today. I hope the Members understand the importance. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. P
OLIS, for his leadership on the Rules Committee. I respect the chairman of the Rules Committee, but I respectfully disagree. He has presided over a Rules Com-mittee that has the most closed rules in the history of the Congress of the United States. Competing ideas, oppos-ing views were not allowed to be con-sidered in either of the two bills the Republicans are going to put before the Congress. One we have dispensed with already. I oppose the rule and I oppose the un-derlying legislation. We are facing multiple immigration crises of the President’s own making, and we must not be fooled by plans designed to cover that up. This is not the fix we need for mi-grant families separated at the border. President Trump’s inhumane and mor-ally repugnant policy to forcibly sepa-rate children from their parents as they seek refuge in America is beyond the pale. We cannot rely on the Presi-dent’s sudden change of heart. We must forbid this barbaric policy by passing the Keep Families Together Act, not this bill. This is not the fix we need for Dreamers, despite what Mr. SESSIONS , my good friend from Texas, just said. There are nearly 800,000 Dreamers, in-cluding 2,400 in my district. They need an opportunity to work, to attend school, to contribute to our commu-nities, and to become the Americans they, in fact, are. I had a Dreamer as my guest at the State of the Union address. She came to this country at the age of 1. She has never been back to her country of birth. She thought she was an Amer-ican until she applied for a driver’s per-mit at the age of 16. She is a proud American, and we would be proud to have her. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule, and to oppose the un-derlying bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, we have got so many Members coming wanting to speak. How much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Colo-rado has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. D
ENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in support, not only of this rule, but on the underlying bill. It is time to get something done around here. Both parties have failed to address this issue for decades now; we finally have an opportunity, for the same kids that are in your district that talk to me in mine. The kids are just looking for the cer-tainty of being able to have a job, being able to go to school, and, yes, some of them even want to sign up for the military and show their greatest act of patriotism. These are kids just looking for a path forward. This bill protects them on day 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.065 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5446 June 21, 2018 
one, the day that this bill is signed into law. It not only protects the DACA recipients that signed up under President Obama’s executive order, but some of them didn’t trust that execu-tive order. Some of them didn’t trust that their information would be secure. This protects them, too. Now, there is another group of people here that did not qualify. They were not of age at the time. This will pro-tect them, too. If you care about the Dreamers, 1.8 million will be protected on day one. You should support this bill, too. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to go to the defi-nition of the word compromise, because I think that there needs to be edu-cation regarding what these words mean that are being tossed around. A compromise is an agreement or settle-ment of a dispute that is reached by each side making concessions. It doesn’t mean looking at yourself in the mirror and conceding to your-self. It doesn’t mean Republicans going into a closed-door meeting and coming out with a bill that makes things worse. It means Republicans and Democrats working together, each giv-ing up some things, each living with what they can accept. I have worked hard on compromise with many of my Republican col-leagues through the Problem Solvers Caucus to solve and provide a pathway to citizenship for Dreamers while se-curing our border. This bill makes things worse. It guts legal immigration. It eliminates two family immigration programs: married children of U.S. citizens, and siblings of U.S. adults. It doesn’t even grandfather in people already in the system waiting to be reunited with their families, meaning that it will eliminate the cur-rent legal way that families can be re-unified. This bill raises the credible fear standard for asylum seekers to begin the process by raising the standards to more probably than not. This bill does nothing to prevent the Trump adminis-tration’s grotesque policy of separating parents and children at the border. In fact, it simply removes protections for those families who are currently not separated at points of entry. And now we are hearing that Presi-dent Trump is preparing military bases to house up to 20,000 more kids that he plans to snatch from their moms and their dads. We can do better. This humanitarian crisis is entirely President Trump’s making. He didn’t do it before the last 90 days. He just started a misinter-pretation of the law. His recent execu-tive order is not a solution. Over 2,300 kids have already been separated from their parents and there is no plan to re-unite them. This order doesn’t even require any families be detained together, and the order doesn’t contain any prohibitions barring family separation. We know that separating kids is wrong. I hope Americans agree that this is bad for kids. But let’s also look at science. The American Academy of Pediatrics said that the incarceration of families and separation of families has long- term consequences for the health and wellbeing, mental and physical, for children and parents. Separation con-sequences include: post-traumatic stress disorder, developmental delays, and poor psychological adjustment. I dare say that these policies of the Trump administration, who on their own decided to tear 1- and 2- and 3- year-old kids away from their parents, is going to create even greater needs for these next generation of kids, many of whom will grow up here legally, those who successfully pursue their asylum claims. And while those immigration claims are being adjudicated, some might have to return to their native country. Some will be able to stay. Families should be together. No parent should have to see their own child stripped away. This bill is hemorrhaging support. I have an article that I include in the R
ECORD from Politico stating that the Koch network won’t support the House immigration bills, entitled: ‘‘Koch net-work raps Trump, won’t support House immigration bills.’’ 
[From POLITICO, June 19, 2018] K
OCHNETWORK RAPSTRUMP , WON’TSUPPORT  H
OUSE IMMIGRATION BILLS (By Maggie Severns) The political network founded by the Koch brothers is taking a stand against both President Donald Trump’s policy toward sep-arating families at the border and two immi-gration bills due for votes in the House this week, dealing a blow to GOP leaders who are marshaling support for their version. ‘‘It’s encouraging that the House will have a debate this week on immigration bills that include protections for the Dreamers,’’ said Daniel Garza, president of the Koch net-work’s LIBRE Initiative, referring to a group of undocumented immigrants who came to the U.S. as children. ‘‘Unfortunately, in their current form, both [House leadership’s bill and an alternative immigration bill] ex-pected to receive a vote fall short of the so-lution we need.’’ Garza also called on Trump to ‘‘take im-mediate action to end the separation of fam-ilies at the border by rescinding the ‘zero tolerance’ policy.’’ The Kochs’ push for a more moderate ap-proach toward immigration legislation com-plicates the thorny debate in Washington. Lawmakers have called on Trump to stop his administration from splitting up immigrant families, which has drawn public outrage since he implemented a zero tolerance policy of prosecuting everyone who crosses the bor-der illegally. Trump has refused to act alone, saying Congress needs to pass immigration legislation. The Koch brothers have pushed the Repub-lican Party to create a path to citizenship for Dreamers, who were extended protections under the Obama administration that Trump has tried to withdraw. The Kochs also have urged the GOP not to make severe cuts to the flow of immigrants into the country, even launching a seven-figure ad buy sup-porting their efforts. House Republicans were coalescing around an immigration bill supported by House leadership that would, among other things, give some protections to Dreamers. Its path forward was already complicated: Trump blasted the measure last week, but later Tuesday he was expected to travel to Capitol Hill to rally Republicans behind it. The Kochs’ opposition to the GOP leader-ship bill could make it even more difficult for House Speaker Paul Ryan to unite his caucus behind it. Conservatives favor a sec-ond bill, also due for a vote this week, from Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.). Garza said in a statement that ‘‘it’s clear there’s strong support in Congress and among the American people to provide per-manency to the Dreamers,’’ but neither bill ‘‘affords the Dreamers the certainty they need to make a full contribution to Amer-ican communities,’’ and both ‘‘include arbi-trary cuts to legal immigration.’’ Mr. POLIS. I don’t agree with the Koch network on much. I do know that they fund many Republicans, but maybe now that the Republicans are taking children away from their par-ents, the Kochs will stop funding Re-publicans, because I am glad to hear that they are people of principle. The article says they ‘‘push for a more moderate approach toward immi-gration legislation,’’ and they have ‘‘called on Trump to stop his adminis-tration from splitting up immigrant families,’’ which this bill does not do. In fact, this bill ends those who are waiting for family reunification today. So there is a legal way to unite fami-lies. This bill eliminates that and will lead to more families being apart. This is a false crisis entirely of Presi-dent Trump’s making. I hope that even he has recognized that the American people will not stand for 3- and 4-year- olds literally being put in cages, strapped down while they are given drugs and medicated and injected, with Americans complicit in this atrocity. It needs to be reiterated one more time that the votes we take on the rule today are more than procedural. They have a significant impact on young lives of innocent children. They will show which Members of Congress care about fixing our immi-gration system and are willing to com-promise and work in a bipartisan way, and which Members of Congress vote to make all of the problems outlined here today worse and more widespread. We need to reject these bills, reject this rule. We need to keep families to-gether. We need to begin the some-times challenging work of compromise and consensus building between Repub-licans and Democrats, between Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. C URBELO , and me and Ms. L
OFGREN and others—not with Stephen Miller, S
TEVE KING, or L OUIE G
OHMERT . Reject these bills. Keep families to-gether. Let’s work together on border security, on fixing our broken immi-gration system, on uniting families, on a permanent solution for Dreamers, to ensure that this horror and affront to our American values ends and doesn’t repeat itself ever again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.067 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5447 June 21, 2018 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, don’t believe me. I would say don’t believe Mr. P
OLIS ei-ther. Believe the border security guard that I quoted earlier who said that the situation we have at the border hap-pened under the previous administra-tion as well as this one. Mr. Trump, our President, did not manufacture this crisis, but this bill before us will solve that situation, which is why we need to pass this rule. That whole issue takes away from one of the most pressing issues of our time, immigration reform. We will solve that, but we can also address im-migration. I am proud of the bill we have before us. I am proud that we have had so many speakers come and speak on its behalf. This is the only bill in front of us that has any potential chance of be-coming law. The President will sign this bill because it addresses his four main pillars: it provides for border se-curity, which the American people want. And, certainly, as we have talked a lot today, it provides for those 1.8 million DACA recipients and Dreamers. It is a good bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill because it is the right thing to do. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in opposition to this closed rule and the sham underlying legislation. As the Ranking Member on Homeland Se-curity, one truism that I hear is that you do not negotiate with terrorists. Yet, that is exactly what the House Leader-ship is asking us to do today. When the President said, in September, that he has ‘‘a great heart’’ for Dreamers, we were hopeful that a deal could be reached. However, since that time, the Trump Admin-istration has executed a ‘‘campaign of terror’’ in furtherance of one objective—getting Con-gress to pay for a border wall. On September 5th, the President an-nounced the repeal of DACA. Then, on September 18th, he announced the end of the TPS program to give safe haven to Sudanese nationals. On November 6th, it was ended for Nica-raguans. Two weeks later, it was canceled for Hai-tians. In January, Salvadorans also lost these im-migration protections. Arguably the cruelest, most inhumane tac-tical maneuver of the Trump Administration came on April 6th, when the ‘‘Zero Tolerance policy’’ was announced. The ‘‘DACA crisis’’, the ‘‘TPS crisis’’, and now the ‘‘Family Separation crisis’’ are all cri-ses of the President’s own making. And it is people—it is children—who suffer. Make no mistake, the measure before us today will not end the suffering. Instead of family separation, it offers family detention, an approach that DHS’ own advi-sory committee has stated is ‘‘neither appro-priate nor necessary for families’’ and is ‘‘never in the best interest of children.’’ For these reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ on this rule and H.R. 6136, an Anti-Family Values bill. The text of the material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 953 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS Strike all after the resolved clause and in-sert: That immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6135) to limit the sepa-ration of families at or near ports of entry. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. All points of order against pro-visions in the bill are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 2. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6135. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the pre-vious question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX and House Resolution 905, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Motion to reconsider the question of passage of H.R. 2; Passage of H.R. 2, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 953; Adopting House Resolution 953, if or-dered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.069 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5448 June 21, 2018 
motion to reconsider the vote on the question of passage of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other pro-grams of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, on which a recorded vote was ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 191, not voting 3, as follows: 
[Roll No. 283] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—3 
Jeffries Labrador Payne 
b1552 Mr. GARAMENDI, Ms. EDDIE BER-NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Messrs. CARSON of Indiana, MOULTON, TONKO, and GUTIE´RREZ changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. COLE, RODNEY DAVIS of Il-linois, FASO, RUSSELL, WEBSTER of Florida, ROKITA, HOLLINGSWORTH, COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, DAVID-SON, HURD, GOWDY, and CRAMER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to reconsider was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 213, nays 211, not voting 4, as follows: [Roll No. 284] YEAS—213 
Abraham Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—211 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.071 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5449 June 21, 2018 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rothfus Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—4 
Aderholt Jeffries Payne Perry 
b1559 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, the voting ma-chine did not record my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 284. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6136, BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRATION REFORM ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 953) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immigration laws and pro-vide for border security, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 191, not voting 3, as follows: [Roll No. 285] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—3 
Jeffries Payne Rutherford 
b1605 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 195, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 286] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.034 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5450 June 21, 2018 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—195 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—5 
Brown (MD) Jeffries LaMalfa Payne Tipton 
b1613 Mr. KING of Iowa changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. POLIQUIN changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I regret that I was not present for votes on June 21, 2018, due to my son Joshua Jeffries’ graduation. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 279, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 280, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 281, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 282, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 283, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 284, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 285, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 286. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, due to personal illness, I was not present for the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted the following: ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 279, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 280, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 281, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 282, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 283, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 284, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 285, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 286. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2, AGRI-CULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engross-ment of H.R. 2 the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctua-tion, and cross-references and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accu-rately reflect the actions of the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 15 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1823 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 6 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRA-TION REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 953, I call up the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immigration laws and provide for bor-der security, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 953, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6136 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border Security and Immigration Re-form Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. DIVISION A—BORDER ENFORCEMENT Sec. 1100. Short title. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Sec. 1101. Definitions. Subtitle A—Infrastructure and Equipment Sec. 1111. Strengthening the requirements for barriers along the southern border. Sec. 1112. Air and Marine Operations flight hours. Sec. 1113. Capability deployment to specific sectors and transit zone. Sec. 1114. U.S. Border Patrol activities. Sec. 1115. Border security technology pro-gram management. Sec. 1116. National Guard support to secure the southern border. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.026 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5451 June 21, 2018 
Sec. 1117. Prohibitions on actions that im-pede border security on certain Federal land. Sec. 1118. Landowner and rancher security enhancement. Sec. 1119. Eradication of carrizo cane and salt cedar. Sec. 1120. Southern border threat analysis. Sec. 1121. Amendments to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Sec. 1122. Agent and officer technology use. Sec. 1123. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams. Sec. 1124. Tunnel Task Forces. Sec. 1125. Pilot program on use of electro-magnetic spectrum in support of border security operations. Sec. 1126. Foreign migration assistance. Sec. 1127. Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program. Subtitle B—Personnel Sec. 1131. Additional U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection agents and offi-cers. Sec. 1132. U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion retention incentives. Sec. 1133. Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act. Sec. 1134. Training for officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. Subtitle C—Grants Sec. 1141. Operation Stonegarden. TITLE II—EMERGENCY PORT OF ENTRY PERSONNEL AND INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING Sec. 2101. Ports of entry infrastructure. Sec. 2102. Secure communications. Sec. 2103. Border security deployment pro-gram. Sec. 2104. Pilot and upgrade of license plate readers at ports of entry. Sec. 2105. Non-intrusive inspection oper-ational demonstration. Sec. 2106. Biometric exit data system. Sec. 2107. Sense of Congress on cooperation between agencies. Sec. 2108. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2109. Definition. TITLE III—VISA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY Sec. 3101. Visa security. Sec. 3102. Electronic passport screening and biometric matching. Sec. 3103. Reporting of visa overstays. Sec. 3104. Student and exchange visitor in-formation system verification. Sec. 3105. Social media review of visa appli-cants. Sec. 3106. Cancellation of additional visas. Sec. 3107. Visa information sharing. Sec. 3108. Restricting waiver of visa inter-views. Sec. 3109. Authorizing the Department of State to not interview certain ineligible visa applicants. Sec. 3110. Petition and application proc-essing for visas and immigra-tion benefits. Sec. 3111. Fraud prevention. Sec. 3112. Visa ineligibility for spouses and children of drug traffickers. Sec. 3113. DNA testing. Sec. 3114. Access to NCIC criminal history database for diplomatic visas. Sec. 3115. Elimination of signed photograph requirement for visa applica-tions. Sec. 3116. Additional fraud detection and prevention. TITLE IV—TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION ILLICIT SPOTTER PRE-VENTION AND ELIMINATION Sec. 4101. Short title. Sec. 4102. Illicit spotting. Sec. 4103. Unlawfully hindering immigra-tion, border, and customs con-trols. TITLE V—BORDER SECURITY FUNDING Sec. 5101. Border Security Funding. Sec. 5102. Limitation on adjustment of sta-tus. Sec. 5103. Exclusion from PAYGO score-cards. DIVISION B—IMMIGRATION REFORM TITLE I—LAWFUL STATUS FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS Sec. 1101. Definitions. Sec. 1102. Contingent nonimmigrant status eligibility and application. Sec. 1103. Terms and conditions of condi-tional nonimmigrant status. Sec. 1104. Adjustment of status. Sec. 1105. Administrative and judicial re-view. Sec. 1106. Penalties and signature require-ments. Sec. 1107. Rulemaking. Sec. 1108. Statutory construction. Sec. 1109. Addition of definition. TITLE II—IMMIGRANT VISA ALLOCATIONS AND PRIORITIES Sec. 2101. Elimination of diversity visa pro-gram. Sec. 2102. Numerical limitation to any sin-gle foreign state. Sec. 2103. Family-sponsored immigration priorities. Sec. 2104. Allocation of immigrant visas for contingent nonimmigrants and children of certain non-immigrants. Sec. 2105. Sunset of adjustment visas for conditional nonimmigrants and children of certain non-immigrants. Sec. 2106. Implementation. Sec. 2107. Repeal of suspension of deporta-tion and adjustment of status for certain aliens. TITLE III—UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN; INTERIOR IMMIGRATION 
ENFORCEMENT Sec. 3101. Repatriation of unaccompanied alien children. Sec. 3102. Clarification of standards for fam-ily detention. Sec. 3103. Detention of dangerous aliens. Sec. 3104. Definition of aggravated felony. Sec. 3105. Crime of violence. Sec. 3106. Grounds of inadmissibility and de-portability for alien gang mem-bers. Sec. 3107. Special immigrant juvenile status for immigrants unable to re-unite with either parent. Sec. 3108. Clarification of authority regard-ing determinations of convic-tions. Sec. 3109. Adding attempt and conspiracy to commit terrorism-related inad-missibility grounds acts to the definition of engaging in ter-rorist activity. Sec. 3110. Clarifying the authority of ICE de-tainers. Sec. 3111. Department of Homeland Security access to crime information databases. TITLE IV—ASYLUM REFORM Sec. 4101. Credible fear interviews. Sec. 4102. Jurisdiction of asylum applica-tions. Sec. 4103. Recording expedited removal and credible fear interviews. Sec. 4104. Safe third country. Sec. 4105. Renunciation of asylum status pursuant to return to home country. Sec. 4106. Notice concerning frivolous asy-lum applications. Sec. 4107. Anti-fraud investigative work product. Sec. 4108. Penalties for asylum fraud. Sec. 4109. Statute of limitations for asylum fraud. Sec. 4110. Technical amendments. TITLE V—USCIS WAIVERS Sec. 5101. Exemption from Administrative Procedure Act. Sec. 5102. Exemption from Paperwork Re-duction Act. Sec. 5103. Sunset. DIVISION A—BORDER ENFORCEMENT SEC. 1100. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Border Security for America Act of 2018’’. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY 
SEC. 1101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
DVANCED UNATTENDED SURVEILLANCE  
SENSORS .—The term ‘‘advanced unattended surveillance sensors’’ means sensors that utilize an onboard computer to analyze de-tections in an effort to discern between vehi-cles, humans, and animals, and ultimately filter false positives prior to transmission. (2) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (3) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘‘high traffic areas’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e)(1) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996, as amended by section 1111 of this division. (4) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘‘operational control’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (6) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7)). (7) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘small unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small un-manned aircraft’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (8) T
RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit zone’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(8) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7)). (9) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial system’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (10) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ in sec-tion 331 of the FAA Modernization and Re-form Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). Subtitle A—Infrastructure and Equipment 
SEC. 1111. STRENGTHENING THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BARRIERS ALONG THE SOUTH-ERN BORDER. 
Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1103 note) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall take such actions as may 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5452 June 21, 2018 
be necessary (including the removal of obsta-cles to detection of illegal entrants) to de-sign, test, construct, install, deploy, inte-grate, and operate physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology in the vicin-ity of the United States border to achieve situational awareness and operational con-trol of the border and deter, impede, and de-tect illegal activity in high traffic areas.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ENCING AND ROADIMPROVEMENTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘P
HYSICAL BARRIERS ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘this section’’; (II) by striking ‘‘roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors’’ and inserting ‘‘tactical infra-structure, and technology’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘gain’’ inserting ‘‘achieve situational awareness and’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS AND TACTICAL IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2023, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective physical bar-riers and tactical infrastructure available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION FOR CERTAIN PHYSICAL  
BARRIERS AND TACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— The deployment of physical barriers and tac-tical infrastructure under this subparagraph shall not apply in any area or region along the border where natural terrain features, natural barriers, or the remoteness of such area or region would make any such deploy-ment ineffective, as determined by the Sec-retary, for the purposes of achieving situa-tional awareness or operational control of such area or region.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall consult with the Secretary of the Inte-rior, the Secretary of Agriculture, appro-priate representatives of Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, and appro-priate private property owners in the United States to minimize the impact on the envi-ronment, culture, commerce, and quality of life for the communities and residents lo-cated near the sites at which such physical barriers are to be constructed.’’; (II) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); (III) by inserting after clause (i), as amend-ed, the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the consultation required under clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate of the type of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology the Secretary has determined is most practical and effective to achieve sit-uational awareness and operational control in a specific area or region and the other al-ternatives the Secretary considered before making such a determination.’’; and (IV) in clause (iii), as so redesignated— (aa) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the end; (bb) by amending subclause (II) to read as follows: ‘‘(II) delay the transfer of the possession of property to the United States or affect the validity of any property acquisition by pur-chase or eminent domain, or to otherwise af-fect the eminent domain laws of the United States or of any State; or’’; and (cc) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(III) create any right or liability for any party.’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (D); (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘this section’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘construction of fences’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of physical barriers’’; (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) AGENT SAFETY .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, when designing, constructing, and deploying physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology, shall incorporate such safety features into such design, construction, or deployment of such physical barriers, tac-tical infrastructure, or technology, as the case may be, that the Secretary determines, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, are nec-essary to maximize the safety and effective-ness of officers or agents of the Department of Homeland Security or of any other Fed-eral agency deployed in the vicinity of such physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology.’’; and (E) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘this sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending para-graph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall have the authority to waive all legal requirements the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines necessary to ensure the expeditious design, testing, construction, installation, deployment, integration, and operation of the physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology under this section. Such waiver authority shall also apply with re-spect to any maintenance carried out on such physical barriers, tactical infrastruc-ture, or technology. Any such decision by the Secretary shall be effective upon publi-cation in the Federal Register.’’; and (4) by adding after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) T
ECHNOLOGY .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2023, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective technology available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as re-quiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to install tactical infrastructure, tech-nology, and physical barriers in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain situational awareness and operational control over the international border at such location. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘high traffic areas’ means areas in the vicinity of the United States border that— ‘‘(A) are within the responsibility of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) have significant unlawful cross-border activity, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘operational control’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). ‘‘(3) PHYSICAL BARRIERS .—The term ‘phys-ical barriers’ includes reinforced fencing, border wall system, and levee walls. ‘‘(4) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘situational awareness’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7); Public Law 114–328). ‘‘(5) T
ACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘tactical infrastructure’ includes boat ramps, access gates, checkpoints, lighting, and roads. ‘‘(6) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ includes border surveillance and detection technology, including the following: ‘‘(A) Tower-based surveillance technology. ‘‘(B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. ‘‘(C) Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radars (VADER). ‘‘(D) 3-dimensional, seismic acoustic detec-tion and ranging border tunneling detection technology. ‘‘(E) Advanced unattended surveillance sensors. ‘‘(F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man- portable surveillance capabilities. ‘‘(G) Unmanned aerial vehicles. ‘‘(H) Other border detection, communica-tion, and surveillance technology. ‘‘(7) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .—The term ‘unmanned aerial vehicle’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 1112. AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS FLIGHT HOURS. 
(a) I NCREASED FLIGHT HOURS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that not fewer than 95,000 annual flight hours are carried out by Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The Sec- retary, after coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, shall ensure that Air and Marine Oper-ations operate unmanned aerial systems on the southern border of the United States for not less than 24 hours per day for five days per week. (c) C
ONTRACT AIRSUPPORT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—The Commissioner shall contract for the unfulfilled identified air support mission critical hours, as identified by the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol. (d) P
RIMARY MISSION .—The Commissioner shall ensure that— (1) the primary missions for Air and Ma-rine Operations are to directly support U.S. Border Patrol activities along the southern border of the United States and Joint Inter-agency Task Force South operations in the transit zone; and (2) the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Air and Marine Operations assigns the greatest priority to support missions estab-lished by the Commissioner to carry out the requirements under this Act. (e) H
IGH-DEMAND FLIGHT HOUR REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In accordance with subsection (d), the Commissioner shall ensure that U.S. Border Patrol Sector Chiefs— (1) identify critical flight hour require-ments; and (2) direct Air and Marine Operations to support requests from Sector Chiefs as their primary mission. (f) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of the U.S. Bor-der Patrol shall be the executive agent for U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of small unmanned aerial vehicles for the pur-pose of meeting the U.S. Border Patrol’s unmet flight hour operational requirements and to achieve situational awareness and operational control. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5453 June 21, 2018 
(2) C OORDINATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall— (A) coordinate flight operations with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to ensure the safe and efficient operation of the National Airspace System; and (B) coordinate with the Executive Assist-ant Commissioner for Air and Marine Oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure the safety of other U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection aircraft flying in the vicinity of small unmanned aerial ve-hicles operated by the U.S. Border Patrol. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of section 411(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(e)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) carry out the small unmanned aerial vehicle requirements pursuant to subsection (f) of section 1112 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; and’’. (g) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall confer, transfer, or delegate to the Secretary, the Commissioner, the Executive Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, or the Chief of the U.S. Border Pa-trol any authority of the Secretary of Trans-portation or the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration relating to the use of airspace or aviation safety. 
SEC. 1113. CAPABILITY DEPLOYMENT TO SPE-CIFIC SECTORS AND TRANSIT ZONE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Secretary, in implementing sec-tion 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 1111 of this division), and acting through the appropriate component of the Department of Homeland Security, shall deploy to each sector or region of the south-ern border and the northern border, in a prioritized manner to achieve situational awareness and operational control of such borders, the following additional capabili-ties: (1) S
AN DIEGO SECTOR .—For the San Diego sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Subterranean surveillance and detec-tion technologies. (C) To increase coastal maritime domain awareness, the following: (i) Deployable, lighter-than-air surface sur-veillance equipment. (ii) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (iii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection maritime patrol aircraft. (iv) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (v) Maritime signals intelligence capabili-ties. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (2) E
L CENTRO SECTOR .—For the El Centro sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (3) YUMA SECTOR .—For the Yuma sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (4) T
UCSON SECTOR .—For the Tucson sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (C) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (5) E
L PASO SECTOR .—For the El Paso sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (6) B
IG BEND SECTOR .—For the Big Bend sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (7) D
EL RIO SECTOR .—For the Del Rio sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Improved maritime capabilities in the Amistad National Recreation Area. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (8) LAREDO SECTOR .—For the Laredo sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Maritime detection resources for the Falcon Lake region. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (F) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (9) R
IO GRANDE VALLEY SECTOR .—For the Rio Grande Valley sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, footpaths. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (I) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (J) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (K) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (10) B
LAINE SECTOR .—For the Blaine sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (11) S
POKANE SECTOR .—For the Spokane sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (C) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5454 June 21, 2018 
(E) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (F) Completion of six miles of the Bog Creek road. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (12) H
AVRE SECTOR .—For the Havre sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (13) G
RAND FORKS SECTOR .—For the Grand Forks sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (14) D
ETROIT SECTOR .—For the Detroit sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (15) B
UFFALO SECTOR .—For the Buffalo sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (16) S
WANTON SECTOR .—For the Swanton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (17) HOULTON SECTOR .—For the Houlton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (18) T
RANSIT ZONE .—For the transit zone, the following: (A) Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, an increase in the number of overall cutter, boat, and air-craft hours spent conducting interdiction op-erations over the average number of such hours during the preceding three fiscal years. (B) Increased maritime signals intelligence capabilities. (C) To increase maritime domain aware-ness, the following: (i) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (ii) Increased maritime aviation patrol hours. (D) Increased operational hours for mari-time security components dedicated to joint counter-smuggling and interdiction efforts with other Federal agencies, including the Deployable Specialized Forces of the Coast Guard. (E) Coastal radar surveillance systems with long range day and night cameras capa-ble of providing full maritime domain aware-ness of the United States territorial waters surrounding Puerto Rico, Mona Island, Desecheo Island, Vieques Island, Culebra Is-land, Saint Thomas, Saint John, and Saint Croix. (b) T
ACTICAL FLEXIBILITY .— (1) S
OUTHERN AND NORTHERN LAND BOR -
DERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on September 30, 2022, or after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of the capabilities re-quired in each sector specified in subsection (a), whichever comes later, the Secretary may deviate from such capability deploy-ments if the Secretary determines that such deviation is required to achieve situational awareness or operational control. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary exer-cises the authority described in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after such exercise, notify the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives regarding the deviation under such subparagraph that is the subject of such exercise. If the Secretary makes any changes to such deviation, the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after any such change, notify such committees regarding such change. (2) T
RANSIT ZONE .— (A) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the capa-bility deployments for the transit zone speci-fied in paragraph (18) of subsection (a), in-cluding information relating to— (i) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed; and (ii) the impact such deployments have on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (B) ALTERATION .—The Secretary may alter the capability deployments referred to in this section if the Secretary— (i) determines, after consultation with the committees referred to in subparagraph (A), that such alteration is necessary; and (ii) not later than 30 days after making a determination under clause (i), notifies the committees referred to in such subparagraph regarding such alteration, including infor-mation relating to— (I) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed pursuant to such alteration; and (II) the impact such alteration has on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (c) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), the Secretary may deploy the ca-pabilities referred to in subsection (a) in a manner that is inconsistent with the re-quirements specified in such subsection if, after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of such capabilities, the Secretary determines that exigent circumstances de-mand such an inconsistent deployment or that such an inconsistent deployment is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representative and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days after making a determination under paragraph (1). Such notification shall in-clude a detailed justification regarding such determination. (d) I
NTEGRATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary shall, to the great-est extent practicable, integrate, within each sector or region of the southern border and northern border, as the case may be, the de-ployed capabilities specified in such sub-section as necessary to achieve situational awareness and operational control of such borders. 
SEC. 1114. U.S. BORDER PATROL ACTIVITIES. 
The Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall prioritize the deployment of U.S. Border Pa-trol agents to as close to the physical land border as possible, consistent with border se-curity enforcement priorities and accessi-bility to such areas. 
SEC. 1115. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 435. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) M AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘major ac-quisition program’ means an acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is estimated by the Secretary to require an eventual total expenditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2018 constant dollars) over its life cycle cost. ‘‘(b) P
LANNING DOCUMENTATION .—For each border security technology acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is determined to be a major acquisition program, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that each such program has a written acquisition program baseline ap-proved by the relevant acquisition decision authority; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5455 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(2) document that each such program is meeting cost, schedule, and performance thresholds as specified in such baseline, in compliance with relevant departmental ac-quisition policies and the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; and ‘‘(3) have a plan for meeting program im-plementation objectives by managing con-tractor performance. ‘‘(c) A
DHERENCE TO STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall ensure border security technology acquisi-tion program managers who are responsible for carrying out this section adhere to rel-evant internal control standards identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. The Commissioner shall provide in-formation, as needed, to assist the Under Secretary in monitoring management of bor-der security technology acquisition pro-grams under this section. ‘‘(d) P
LAN.—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a plan for testing, evaluating, and using independent verification and validation resources for bor-der security technology. Under the plan, new border security technologies shall be evalu-ated through a series of assessments, proc-esses, and audits to ensure— ‘‘(1) compliance with relevant depart-mental acquisition policies and the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and ‘‘(2) the effective use of taxpayer dollars.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 435. Border security technology pro-gram management.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 435 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). Such section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized for such pur-poses. 
SEC. 1116. NATIONAL GUARD SUPPORT TO SE-CURE THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) N ATIONAL GUARD SUPPORT .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO REQUEST .—The Secretary may, pursuant to chapter 15 of title 10, United States Code, request that the Sec-retary of Defense support the Secretary’s ef-forts to secure the southern border of the United States. The Secretary of Defense may authorize the provision of such support under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code. (2) A
PPROVAL AND ORDER .—With the ap-proval of the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense, the Governor of a State may order any units or personnel of the National Guard of such State to perform operations and mis-sions under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, for the purpose of securing the southern border of the United States. (b) T
YPES OF SUPPORT AUTHORIZED .—The support provided in accordance with sub-section (a) may include— (1) construction of reinforced fencing or other physical barriers; (2) operation of ground-based surveillance systems; (3) deployment of manned aircraft, un-manned aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to sup-port continuous surveillance of the southern border; and (4) intelligence analysis support. (c) MATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense may deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistics support as may be necessary to ensure the effectiveness of the assistance provided under subsection (a). (d) R
EADINESS .—To ensure that the use of units and personnel of the National Guard of a State authorized pursuant to this section does not degrade the training and readiness of such units and personnel, the Secretary of Defense shall consider the following require-ments when authorizing or approving sup-port under subsection (a): (1) The performance of such support may not affect adversely the quality of such training or readiness or otherwise interfere with the ability of a unit or personnel of the National Guard of a State to perform the military functions of such member or unit. (2) The performance of such support may not degrade the military skills of the units or personnel of the National Guard of a State performing such support. (e) R
EPORT ON READINESS .—Upon the re-quest of the Secretary, the Secretary of De-fense shall provide to the Secretary a report on the readiness of units and personnel of the National Guard that the Secretary of De-fense determines are capable of providing such support. (f) R
EIMBURSEMENT NOTIFICATION .—Prior to providing any support under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Secretary whether the requested support will be reimbursed under section 277 of title 10, United States Code. (g) R
EIMBURSEMENT TO STATES .—The Sec- retary of Defense may reimburse a State for costs incurred in the deployment of any units or personnel of the National Guard pursuant to subsection (a). (h) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS.—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as af-fecting the authorities under chapter 9 of title 32, United States Code. (i) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and biannually thereafter through December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) a report re-garding any support provided pursuant to subsection (a) for the six month period pre-ceding each such report. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include a description of— (A) the support provided; and (B) the sources and amounts of funds obli-gated and expended to provide such support. 
SEC. 1117. PROHIBITIONS ON ACTIONS THAT IM-PEDE BORDER SECURITY ON CER-TAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON INTERFERENCE WITH U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned may not impede, prohibit, or restrict activi-ties of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on covered Federal land to carry out the ac-tivities described in subsection (b). (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct activities described in subsection (b) on cov-ered Federal land applies without regard to whether a state of emergency exists. (b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES OF U.S. C US-
TOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall have immediate access to covered Federal land to conduct the activi-ties described in paragraph (2) on such land to prevent all unlawful entries into the United States, including entries by terror-ists, unlawful aliens, instruments of ter-rorism, narcotics, and other contraband through the southern border or the northern border. (2) ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are— (A) carrying out section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (Division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1103 note), as amended by section 1111 of this division; (B) the execution of search and rescue op-erations; (C) the use of motorized vehicles, foot pa-trols, and horseback to patrol the border area, apprehend illegal entrants, and rescue individuals; and (D) the remediation of tunnels used to fa-cilitate unlawful immigration or other illicit activities. (c) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO WAIVER AU-
THORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The activities of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection described in sub-section (b)(2) may be carried out without re-gard to the provisions of law specified in paragraph (2). (2) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW SPECIFIED .—The pro- visions of law specified in this section are all Federal, State, or other laws, regulations, and legal requirements of, deriving from, or related to the subject of, the following laws: (A) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (C) The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’). (D) Division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code (54 U.S.C. 300301 et seq.) (formerly known as the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Act’’). (E) The Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.). (F) The Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (G) The Archaeological Resources Protec-tion Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.). (H) The Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.). (I) The Noise Control Act of 1972 (42 U.S.C. 4901 et seq.). (J) The Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (K) The Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). (L) Chapter 3125 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Archae-ological and Historic Preservation Act’’). (M) The Antiquities Act (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.). (N) Chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Historic Sites, Buildings, and Antiquities Act’’). (O) The Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). (P) The Farmland Protection Policy Act (7 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). (Q) The Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.). (R) The Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (S) The Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (T) The National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.). (U) The Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.). (V) The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). (W) Subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’). (X) The Otay Mountain Wilderness Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–145). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5456 June 21, 2018 
(Y) Sections 102(29) and 103 of the Cali-fornia Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433). (Z) Division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘National Park Service Organic Act’’. (AA) The National Park Service General Authorities Act (Public Law 91–383, 16 U.S.C. 1a–1 et seq.). (BB) Sections 401(7), 403, and 404 of the Na-tional Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–625). (CC) Sections 301(a) through (f) of the Ari-zona Desert Wilderness Act (Public Law 101– 628). (DD) The Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403). (EE) The Eagle Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.). (FF) The Native American Graves Protec-tion and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). (GG) The American Indian Religious Free-dom Act (42 U.S.C. 1996). (HH) The National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.). (II) The Multiple Use and Sustained Yield Act of 1960 (16 U.S.C. 528 et seq.). (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF WAIVER TO SUCCESSOR  
LAWS .—If a provision of law specified in para-graph (2) was repealed and incorporated into title 54, United States Code, after April 1, 2008, and before the date of the enactment of this Act, the waiver described in paragraph (1) shall apply to the provision of such title that corresponds to the provision of law specified in paragraph (2) to the same extent the waiver applied to that provision of law. (4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The waiver authority under this subsection may not be construed as affecting, negating, or diminishing in any manner the applicability of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), in any relevant matter. (d) P
ROTECTION OF LEGAL USES.—This sec- tion may not be construed to provide— (1) authority to restrict legal uses, such as grazing, hunting, mining, or recreation or the use of backcountry airstrips, on land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture; or (2) any additional authority to restrict legal access to such land. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE AND PRIVATE LAND.— This section shall— (1) have no force or effect on State lands or private lands; and (2) not provide authority on or access to State lands or private lands. (f) T
RIBAL SOVEREIGNTY .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede, re-place, negate, or diminish treaties or other agreements between the United States and Indian tribes. (g) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The requirements of this section shall not apply to the extent that such requirements are in-compatible with any memorandum of under-standing or similar agreement entered into between the Commissioner and a National Park Unit before the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘covered Federal land’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary concerned that is located within 100 miles of the south-ern border or the northern border. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Agriculture, the Secretary of Agriculture; and (B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of the Interior, the Secretary of the Interior. SEC. 1118. LANDOWNER AND RANCHER SECURITY ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BORDER  S
ECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Sec- retary shall establish a National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee, which— (1) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to border security matters, including— (A) verifying security claims and the bor-der security metrics established by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 1092 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223); and (B) discussing ways to improve the secu-rity of high traffic areas along the northern border and the southern border; and (2) may provide, through the Secretary, recommendations to Congress. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS.—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of the National Border Security Advisory Committee in for-mulating policy regarding matters affecting border security. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee shall consist of at least one member from each State who— (1) has at least five years practical experi-ence in border security operations; or (2) lives and works in the United States within 80 miles from the southern border or the northern border. (d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the National Border Security Advi-sory Committee. 
SEC. 1119. ERADICATION OF CARRIZO CANE AND SALT CEDAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Secretary, after coordinating with the heads of the relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, shall begin eradi-cating the carrizo cane plant and any salt cedar along the Rio Grande River that im-pedes border security operations. (b) E
XTENT .—The waiver authority under subsection (c) of section 102 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1103 note), as amended by section 1111 of this division, shall extend to activities carried out pursu-ant to this section. 
SEC. 1120. SOUTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) T HREAT ANALYSIS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a Southern border threat anal-ysis. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The analysis submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an assess-ment of— (A) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (i) to unlawfully enter the United States through the Southern border; or (ii) to exploit security vulnerabilities along the Southern border; (B) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Southern border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; (C) gaps in law, policy, and coordination between State, local, or tribal law enforce-ment, international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder effective and effi-cient border security, counterterrorism, and anti-human smuggling and trafficking ef-forts; (D) the current percentage of situational awareness achieved by the Department along the Southern border; (E) the current percentage of operational control achieved by the Department on the Southern border; and (F) traveler crossing times and any poten-tial security vulnerability associated with prolonged wait times. (3) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In compiling the Southern border threat analysis required under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider and examine— (A) the technology needs and challenges, including such needs and challenges identi-fied as a result of previous investments that have not fully realized the security and oper-ational benefits that were sought; (B) the personnel needs and challenges, in-cluding such needs and challenges associated with recruitment and hiring; (C) the infrastructure needs and chal-lenges; (D) the roles and authorities of State, local, and tribal law enforcement in general border security activities; (E) the status of coordination among Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and Mexican law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (F) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Southern border; and (G) the international agreements between the United States and Mexico related to bor-der security. (4) C
LASSIFIED FORM .—To the extent pos-sible, the Secretary shall submit the South-ern border threat analysis required under this subsection in unclassified form, but may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines such action is appropriate. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL STRATEGIC PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the threat analysis required under subsection (a) or June 30, 2019, and every five years thereafter, the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, shall issue a Border Patrol Strategic Plan. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The Border Patrol Stra-tegic Plan required under this subsection shall include a consideration of— (A) the Southern border threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a), with an empha-sis on efforts to mitigate threats identified in such threat analysis; (B) efforts to analyze and disseminate bor-der security and border threat information between border security components of the Department and other appropriate Federal departments and agencies with missions as-sociated with the Southern border; (C) efforts to increase situational aware-ness, including— (i) surveillance capabilities, including ca-pabilities developed or utilized by the De-partment of Defense, and any appropriate technology determined to be excess by the Department of Defense; and (ii) the use of manned aircraft and un-manned aerial systems, including camera and sensor technology deployed on such as-sets; (D) efforts to detect and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; (E) efforts to detect, interdict, and disrupt aliens and illicit drugs at the earliest pos-sible point; (F) efforts to focus intelligence collection to disrupt transnational criminal organiza-tions outside of the international and mari-time borders of the United States; (G) efforts to ensure that any new border security technology can be operationally in-tegrated with existing technologies in use by the Department; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5457 June 21, 2018 
(H) any technology required to maintain, support, and enhance security and facilitate trade at ports of entry, including nonintru-sive detection equipment, radiation detec-tion equipment, biometric technology, sur-veillance systems, and other sensors and technology that the Secretary determines to be necessary; (I) operational coordination unity of effort initiatives of the border security components of the Department, including any relevant task forces of the Department; (J) lessons learned from Operation Jumpstart and Operation Phalanx; (K) cooperative agreements and informa-tion sharing with State, local, tribal, terri-torial, and other Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the North-ern border or the Southern border; (L) border security information received from consultation with State, local, tribal, territorial, and Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the North-ern border or the Southern border, or in the maritime environment, and from border community stakeholders (including through public meetings with such stakeholders), in-cluding representatives from border agricul-tural and ranching organizations and rep-resentatives from business and civic organi-zations along the Northern border or the Southern border; (M) staffing requirements for all depart-mental border security functions; (N) a prioritized list of departmental re-search and development objectives to en-hance the security of the Southern border; (O) an assessment of training programs, in-cluding training programs for— (i) identifying and detecting fraudulent documents; (ii) understanding the scope of enforce-ment authorities and the use of force poli-cies; and (iii) screening, identifying, and addressing vulnerable populations, such as children and victims of human trafficking; and (P) an assessment of how border security operations affect border crossing times. 
SEC. 1121. AMENDMENTS TO U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) D UTIES .—Subsection (c) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (19) as para-graph (21); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(19) administer the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection public private partnerships under subtitle G; ‘‘(20) administer preclearance operations under the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4431 et seq.; enacted as sub-title B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.); and’’. (b) O
FFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS STAFF -
ING.—Subparagraph (A) of section 411(g)(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(g)(5)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘compared to the number indicated by the current fiscal year work flow staffing model’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Subparagraph (B) of section 814(e)(1) of the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4433(e)(1); enacted as subtitle B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) a port of entry vacancy rate which compares the number of officers identified in subparagraph (A) with the number of officers at the port at which such officer is currently assigned.’’. (d) DEFINITION .—Subsection (r) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section, the terms’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this section: ‘‘(1) the terms’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as added by subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) the term ‘unmanned aerial systems’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 1122. AGENT AND OFFICER TECHNOLOGY USE. 
In carrying out section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 1111 of this division) and section 1113 of this division, the Secretary shall, to the greatest extent practicable, ensure that technology deployed to gain situational awareness and operational control of the border be provided to front-line officers and agents of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 1123. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 1115 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 436. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a program to be known as the Integrated Border En-forcement Team program (referred to in this section as ‘IBET’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the IBET program in a manner that re-sults in a cooperative approach between the United States and Canada to— ‘‘(1) strengthen security between des-ignated ports of entry; ‘‘(2) detect, prevent, investigate, and re-spond to terrorism and violations of law re-lated to border security; ‘‘(3) facilitate collaboration among compo-nents and offices within the Department and international partners; ‘‘(4) execute coordinated activities in fur-therance of border security and homeland se-curity; and ‘‘(5) enhance information-sharing, includ-ing the dissemination of homeland security information among such components and of-fices. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION AND LOCATION OF IBETS.— ‘‘(1) C
OMPOSITION .—IBETs shall be led by the United States Border Patrol and may be comprised of personnel from the following: ‘‘(A) Other subcomponents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(B) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, led by Homeland Security Inves-tigations. ‘‘(C) The Coast Guard, for the purpose of securing the maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(D) Other Department personnel, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(E) Other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate. ‘‘(F) Appropriate State law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(G) Foreign law enforcement partners. ‘‘(H) Local law enforcement agencies from affected border cities and communities. ‘‘(I) Appropriate tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—The Secretary is author-ized to establish IBETs in regions in which such teams can contribute to IBET missions, as appropriate. When establishing an IBET, the Secretary shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the region in which the IBET would be established is significantly im-pacted by cross-border threats. ‘‘(B) The availability of Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign law enforcement re-sources to participate in an IBET. ‘‘(C) Whether, in accordance with para-graph (3), other joint cross-border initiatives already take place within the region in which the IBET would be established, includ-ing other Department cross-border programs such as the Integrated Cross-Border Mari-time Law Enforcement Operation Program established under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border En-forcement Security Task Force established under section 432. ‘‘(3) DUPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—In deter- mining whether to establish a new IBET or to expand an existing IBET in a given region, the Secretary shall ensure that the IBET under consideration does not duplicate the efforts of other existing interagency task forces or centers within such region, includ-ing the Integrated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforcement Operation Program estab-lished under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border Enforcement Security Task Force established under sec-tion 432. ‘‘(d) O
PERATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After determining the regions in which to establish IBETs, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) direct the assignment of Federal per-sonnel to such IBETs; and ‘‘(B) take other actions to assist Federal, State, local, and tribal entities to partici-pate in such IBETs, including providing fi-nancial assistance, as appropriate, for oper-ational, administrative, and technological costs associated with such participation. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Coast Guard personnel assigned under paragraph (1) may be as-signed only for the purposes of securing the maritime borders of the United States, in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(1)(C). ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate the IBET program with other similar border security and antiterrorism programs within the Department in accord-ance with the strategic objectives of the Cross-Border Law Enforcement Advisory Committee. ‘‘(f) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Secretary may enter into memoranda of un-derstanding with appropriate representatives of the entities specified in subsection (c)(1) necessary to carry out the IBET program. Such memoranda with entities specified in subparagraph (G) of such subsection shall be entered into with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of State. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which an IBET is established and biannually thereafter for the following six years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, and in the case of Coast Guard personnel used to secure the maritime borders of the United States, additionally to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the effectiveness of IBETs in fulfilling the purposes specified in subsection (b); ‘‘(2) assess the impact of certain challenges on the sustainment of cross-border IBET op-erations, including challenges faced by inter-national partners; ‘‘(3) addresses ways to support joint train-ing for IBET stakeholder agencies and radio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5458 June 21, 2018 
interoperability to allow for secure cross- border radio communications; and ‘‘(4) assesses how IBETs, Border Enforce-ment Security Task Forces, and the Inte-grated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforce-ment Operation Program can better align op-erations, including interdiction and inves-tigation activities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 435 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 436. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams.’’. 
SEC. 1124. TUNNEL TASK FORCES. 
The Secretary is authorized to establish Tunnel Task Forces for the purposes of de-tecting and remediating tunnels that breach the international border of the United States. 
SEC. 1125. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF ELECTRO-MAGNETIC SPECTRUM IN SUPPORT OF BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Informa-tion, shall conduct a pilot program to test and evaluate the use of electromagnetic spectrum by U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection in support of border security oper-ations through— (1) ongoing management and monitoring of spectrum to identify threats such as unau-thorized spectrum use, and the jamming and hacking of United States communications assets, by persons engaged in criminal enter-prises; (2) automated spectrum management to enable greater efficiency and speed for U.S. Customs and Border Protection in addressing emerging challenges in overall spectrum use on the United States border; and (3) coordinated use of spectrum resources to better facilitate interoperability and interagency cooperation and interdiction ef-forts at or near the United States border. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the conclusion of the pilot pro-gram conducted under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings and data derived from such program. 
SEC. 1126. FOREIGN MIGRATION ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by sections 1115 and 1123 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 437. FOREIGN MIGRATION ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide to a foreign government financial as-sistance for foreign country operations to address migration flows that may affect the United States. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—Assistance provided under subsection (a) may be provided only if such assistance would enhance the recipient government’s capacity to address irregular migration flows that may affect the United States, including through related detention or removal operations by the recipient gov-ernment, including procedures to screen and provide protection for certain individuals. ‘‘(c) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES .—The Secretary may, if appropriate, seek reim-bursement from the receiving foreign gov-ernment for the provision of financial assist-ance under this section. ‘‘(d) R
ECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING  C
OLLECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, any reim-bursement collected pursuant to subsection (c) shall— ‘‘(1) be credited as offsetting collections to the account that finances the financial as-sistance under this section for which such re-imbursement is received; and ‘‘(2) remain available until expended for the purpose of carrying out this section. ‘‘(e) EFFECTIVE PERIOD .—The authority provided under this section shall remain in effect until September 30, 2023. ‘‘(f) D
EVELOPMENT AND PROGRAM EXECU -
TION.—The Secretary and the Secretary of State shall jointly develop and implement any financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting, augmenting, or diminishing the authority of the Secretary of State. ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000 for fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 436 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 437. Foreign migration assistance.’’. 
SEC. 1127. BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION TRANSNATIONAL MIGRATION ALERT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 447. BIOMETRIC IDENTIFICATION TRANSNATIONAL MIGRATION ALERT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as the Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program (referred to in this section as ‘BITMAP’) to address and reduce national security, border security, and pub-lic safety threats before such threats reach the international border of the United States. ‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—In carrying out BITMAP op-erations, the Secretary, acting through the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, shall— ‘‘(1) provide, when necessary, capabilities, training, and equipment, to the government of a foreign country to collect biometric and biographic identification data from individ-uals to identify, prevent, detect, and inter-dict high risk individuals identified as na-tional security, border security, or public safety threats who may attempt to enter the United States utilizing illicit pathways; ‘‘(2) provide capabilities to the government of a foreign country to compare foreign data against appropriate United States national security, border security, public safety, im-migration, and counter-terrorism data, in-cluding— ‘‘(A) the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Terrorist Screening Database, or successor database; ‘‘(B) the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Next Generation Identification database, or successor database; ‘‘(C) the Department of Defense Automated Biometric Identification System (commonly known as ‘ABIS’), or successor database; ‘‘(D) the Department’s Automated Biomet-ric Identification System (commonly known as ‘IDENT’), or successor database; and ‘‘(E) any other database, notice, or means that the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies responsible for such databases, no-tices, or means, designates; and ‘‘(3) ensure biometric and biographic iden-tification data collected pursuant to BITMAP are incorporated into appropriate United States Government databases, in compliance with the policies and procedures established by the Privacy Officer appointed under section 222. ‘‘(c) COLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that BITMAP operations include par-ticipation from relevant components of the Department, and, as appropriate, request participation from other Federal agencies. ‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of State, ap-propriate representatives of foreign govern-ments, and the heads of other Federal agen-cies, as appropriate, to carry out paragraph (1) of subsection (b). ‘‘(e) A
GREEMENTS .—Before carrying out BITMAP operations in a foreign country that, as of the date of the enactment of this section, was not a partner country described in this section, the Secretary, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, shall enter into an agreement or arrangement with the government of such country that outlines such operations in such country, in-cluding related departmental operations. Such country shall be a partner country de-scribed in this section pursuant to and for purposes of such agreement or arrangement. ‘‘(f) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days before an agreement with the government of a foreign country to carry out BITMAP operations in such foreign country enters into force, the Secretary shall provide the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate with a copy of the agree-ment to establish such operations, which shall include— ‘‘(1) the identification of the foreign coun-try with which the Secretary intends to enter into such an agreement; ‘‘(2) the location at which such operations will be conducted; and ‘‘(3) the terms and conditions for Depart-ment personnel operating at such location.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Biometric Identifica-tion Transnational Migration Alert Program (BITMAP) is established under section 447 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by subsection (a) of this section) and annu-ally thereafter for the following five years, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate a report that details the effectiveness of BITMAP oper-ations in enhancing national security, border security, and public safety. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 446 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 447. Biometric Identification Transnational Migration Alert Program.’’. Subtitle B—Personnel 
SEC. 1131. ADDITIONAL U.S. CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PROTECTION AGENTS AND OF-FICERS. 
(a) B ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 26,370 full-time equivalent agents. (b) CBP O
FFICERS .—In addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing officer vacancies within U.S. Customs and Border Protection as of such date, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign to duty, not later than Sep-tember 30, 2023— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5459 June 21, 2018 
(1) sufficient U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 27,725 full-time equivalent officers; and (2) 350 full-time support staff distributed among all United States ports of entry. (c) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to maintain not fewer than 1,675 full-time equivalent agents and not fewer than 264 Marine and Air Inter-diction Agents for southern border air and maritime operations. (d) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  K–9 U
NITS AND HANDLERS .— (1) K–9 
UNITS .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall deploy not fewer than 300 new K–9 units, with sup-porting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other required staff, at land ports of entry and checkpoints, on the south-ern border and the northern border. (2) U
SE OF CANINES .—The Commissioner shall prioritize the use of canines at the pri-mary inspection lanes at land ports of entry and checkpoints. (e) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  H
ORSEBACK UNITS.— (1) I
NCREASE .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall increase the number of horseback units, with supporting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion and other required staff, by not fewer than 100 officers and 50 horses for security patrol along the Southern border. (2) H
ORSEBACK UNIT SUPPORT .—The Com-missioner shall construct new stables, main-tain and improve existing stables, and pro-vide other resources needed to maintain the health and well-being of the horses that serve in the horseback units of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (f) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  S
EARCH TRAUMA AND RESCUE TEAMS .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commis-sioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers engaged in search and res-cue activities along the southern border. (g) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  T
UNNEL DETECTION AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers assisting task forces and activities related to deploy-ment and operation of border tunnel detec-tion technology and apprehensions of indi-viduals using such tunnels for crossing into the United States, drug trafficking, or human smuggling. (h) A
GRICULTURAL SPECIALISTS .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Secretary shall hire, train, and assign to duty, in addition to the officers and agents authorized under sub-sections (a) through (g), 631 U.S. Customs and Border Protection agricultural special-ists to ports of entry along the southern bor-der and the northern border. (i) O
FFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and as-sign sufficient Office of Professional Respon-sibility special agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 550 full-time equivalent special agents. (j) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  O
FFICE OF INTELLIGENCE .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient Office of In-telligence personnel to maintain not fewer than 700 full-time equivalent employees. (k) GAO R
EPORT .—If the staffing levels re-quired under this section are not achieved by September 30, 2023, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the reasons why such levels were not achieved. SEC. 1132. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION RETENTION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment authorities ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection described under any of subsections (a) through (h) of section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. ‘‘(b) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) S
TATEMENT OF PURPOSE AND LIMITA -
TION.—The purpose of this subsection is to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to expeditiously meet the hiring goals and staffing levels required by section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018. The Secretary shall not use this authority be-yond meeting the requirements of such sec-tion. ‘‘(2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may appoint, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, can-didates to positions in the competitive serv-ice as CBP employees if the Secretary has given public notice for the positions. ‘‘(3) R
ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a recruit-ment or relocation bonus of up to 50 percent of the annual rate of basic pay to an indi-vidual CBP employee at the beginning of the service period multiplied by the number of years (including a fractional part of a year) in the required service period to an indi-vidual (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that condi-tions consistent with the conditions de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of such section 5753 are satisfied with respect to the individual (without re-gard to the regulations referenced in sub-section (b)(2)(B(ii)(I) of such section or to any other provision of that section); and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) R
ETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus of up to 50 per-cent of basic pay to an individual CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of such section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP employee (without regard to any other provision of that section); and ‘‘(ii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(5) RULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee under— ‘‘(i) paragraph (3) may not exceed 100 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (4) may not exceed 50 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee. ‘‘(B) R
ELATIONSHIP TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose, includ-ing for retirement or in computing a lump- sum payment to the covered employee for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552. ‘‘(C) P
ERIOD OF SERVICE FOR RECRUITMENT , 
RELOCATION , AND RETENTION BONUSES .— ‘‘(i) A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (4) may not be based on any period of such service which is the basis for a re-cruitment or relocation bonus under para-graph (3). ‘‘(ii) A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) may not be based on any period of service which is the basis for a re-cruitment or relocation bonus under section 5753 or a retention bonus under section 5754. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RATES OF PAY.—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may establish special rates of pay in accordance with that section to assist the Secretary in meeting the requirements of section 1131 of the Bor-der Security for America Act of 2018. The Di-rector shall prioritize the consideration of requests from the Secretary for such special rates of pay and issue a decision as soon as practicable. The Secretary shall provide such information to the Director as the Di-rector deems necessary to evaluate special rates of pay under this subsection. ‘‘(d) OPM O
VERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) Not later than September 30 of each year, the Secretary shall provide a report to the Director on U.S. Custom and Border Pro-tection’s use of authorities provided under subsections (b) and (c). In each report, the Secretary shall provide such information as the Director determines is appropriate to en-sure appropriate use of authorities under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5460 June 21, 2018 
such subsections. Each report shall also in-clude an assessment of— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of authorities under subsections (b) and (c) on implementa-tion of section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; ‘‘(B) solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the agency, including at specific lo-cations; ‘‘(C) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the agency or specific lo-cations; and ‘‘(D) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use authorities provided under this section at the agency or at specific loca-tions. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In compiling a report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (b) and (c) and then transferred to a new lo-cation or left U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—In addition to the Di-rector, the Secretary shall submit each re-port required under this subsection to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(e) OPM A
CTION .—If the Director deter-mines the Secretary has inappropriately used authorities under subsection (b) or a special rate of pay provided under subsection (c), the Director shall notify the Secretary and the appropriate congressional commit-tees in writing. Upon receipt of the notifica-tion, the Secretary may not make any new appointments or issue any new bonuses under subsection (b), nor provide CBP em-ployees with further special rates of pay, until the Director has provided the Sec-retary and the appropriate congressional committees a written notice stating the Di-rector is satisfied safeguards are in place to prevent further inappropriate use. ‘‘(f) I
MPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and in conjunc-tion with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall develop and implement a strategy to improve the education regarding hiring and human resources flexibilities (in-cluding hiring and human resources flexibili-ties for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency head-quarters or field offices, who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assessment, or se-lection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(B) Regular training sessions for per-sonnel who are critical to filling open posi-tions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(C) The development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, consistent with authorities provided to the Secretary to address identified hiring challenges, includ-ing in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(D) Developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through the relationships with institutions of higher education, as de-fined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), veterans transi-tion and employment centers, and job place-ment program in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(E) Examination of existing agency pro-grams on how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are can-didates or new hires in a rural or remote area. ‘‘(F) Feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families. ‘‘(G) Feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families. ‘‘(H) Evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of those programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) EVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions, including in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges, including in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. ‘‘(g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall review the use of hiring and pay flexibilities under subsections (b) and (c) to determine whether the use of such flexibili-ties is helping the Secretary meet hiring and retention needs, including in rural and re-mote areas. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON POLYGRAPH REQUESTS .— The Secretary shall report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the number of requests the Secretary receives from any other Federal agency for the file of an applicant for a position in U.S. Customs and Border Protection that includes the re-sults of a polygraph examination. ‘‘(i) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (b) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71 and any collec-tive bargaining agreement. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-gate any authority under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from applicability of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(k) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (b) and (c) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2023. Any bonus to be paid pursu-ant to subsection (b) that is approved before such date may continue until such bonus has been paid, subject to the conditions specified in this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment au-thorities.’’. SEC. 1133. ANTI-BORDER CORRUPTION REAU-THORIZATION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’. (b) H
IRING FLEXIBILITY .—Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion may waive the application of subsection (a)(1)— ‘‘(1) to a current, full-time law enforce-ment officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of, or the incarcer-ation of any person for, any violation of law, and has statutory powers for arrest or appre-hension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) has, within the past ten years, suc-cessfully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such offi-cer’s current law enforcement agency; ‘‘(2) to a current, full-time Federal law en-forcement officer who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) is authorized to make arrests, conduct investigations, conduct searches, make sei-zures, carry firearms, and serve orders, war-rants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation; and ‘‘(3) to a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve component thereof) or a veteran, if such individual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past five years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past five years, a current Tier 4 background investigation or current Tier 5 background investigation; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an honorable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in crimi-nal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) T
ERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the Border Security for America Act of 2018.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5461 June 21, 2018 
(c) S UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY AND DEFINITIONS .— (1) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ON-EXEMPTION .—An individual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) is not ex-empt from other hiring requirements relat-ing to suitability for employment and eligi-bility to hold a national security designated position, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any in- dividual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) who holds a current Tier 4 background investigation shall be subject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to ad-minister a polygraph examination to an ap-plicant or employee who is eligible for or re-ceives a waiver under section 3(b) if informa-tion is discovered before the completion of a background investigation that results in a determination that a polygraph examination is necessary to make a final determination regarding suitability for employment or con-tinued employment, as the case may be.’’. (2) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter while the waiver authority under section 3(b) is in ef-fect, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to Congress a report that includes, with respect to each such reporting period— ‘‘(1) the number of waivers requested, granted, and denied under section 3(b); ‘‘(2) the reasons for any denials of such waiver; ‘‘(3) the percentage of applicants who were hired after receiving a waiver; ‘‘(4) the number of instances that a poly-graph was administered to an applicant who initially received a waiver and the results of such polygraph; ‘‘(5) an assessment of the current impact of the polygraph waiver program on filling law enforcement positions at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(6) additional authorities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to better uti-lize the polygraph waiver program for its in-tended goals. ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The first report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) an analysis of other methods of em-ployment suitability tests that detect decep-tion and could be used in conjunction with traditional background investigations to evaluate potential employees for suitability; and ‘‘(2) a recommendation regarding whether a test referred to in paragraph (1) should be adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion when the polygraph examination re-quirement is waived pursuant to section 3(b).’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘Federal law enforcement officer’ means a ‘law enforcement officer’ defined in section 8331(20) or 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) SERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, authorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Court-Martial, as pursuant to Army Regulation 635–200 chapter 14–12. ‘‘(3) T
IER 4; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background inves-tigations have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Stand-ards. ‘‘(4) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code.’’. (d) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINERS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall in-crease to not fewer than 150 the number of trained full-time equivalent polygraph exam-iners for administering polygraphs under the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by this subtitle. 
SEC. 1134. TRAINING FOR OFFICERS AND AGENTS OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PRO-TECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) T
RAINING AND CONTINUING EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—The Commis-sioner shall ensure that every agent and offi-cer of U.S. Customs and Border Protection receives a minimum of 21 weeks of training that are directly related to the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol, Air and Marine, and the Office of Field Operations before the ini-tial assignment of such agents and officers. ‘‘(2) FLETC.—The Commissioner shall work in consultation with the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters to establish guidelines and curriculum for the training of agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection under sub-section (a). ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING EDUCATION .—The Commis-sioner shall annually require all agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion who are required to undergo training under subsection (a) to participate in not fewer than eight hours of continuing edu-cation annually to maintain and update un-derstanding of Federal legal rulings, court decisions, and Department policies, proce-dures, and guidelines related to relevant sub-ject matters. ‘‘(4) L
EADERSHIP TRAINING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Commissioner shall de-velop and require training courses geared to-wards the development of leadership skills for mid- and senior-level career employees not later than one year after such employees assume duties in supervisory roles.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report identifying the guidelines and curriculum established to carry out sub-section (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. (c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than four years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that assesses the training and education, including con-tinuing education, required under subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. Subtitle C—Grants SEC. 1141. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’, under which the Secretary, acting through the Adminis-trator, shall make grants to eligible law en-forcement agencies, through the State ad-ministrative agency, to enhance border secu-rity in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency— ‘‘(1) shall be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) shall be involved in an active, ongoing, U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ation coordinated through a U.S. Border Pa-trol sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for— ‘‘(1) equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs; ‘‘(2) personnel, including overtime and backfill, in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities; ‘‘(3) any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s Fiscal Year 2018 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity; and ‘‘(4) any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award grants under this section to grant recipients for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—For each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $110,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 for grants under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5462 June 21, 2018 
TITLE II—EMERGENCY PORT OF ENTRY PERSONNEL AND INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING 
SEC. 2101. PORTS OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PORTS OF ENTRY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of Gen-eral Services may, subject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, construct new ports of entry along the northern border and southern border at locations determined by the Secretary. (2) C
ONSULTATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONSULT .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator of General Services shall consult with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Transportation, and appropriate representa-tives of State and local governments, and In-dian tribes, and property owners in the United States prior to determining a loca-tion for any new port of entry constructed pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The purpose of the consultations required by subparagraph (A) shall be to minimize any negative impacts of constructing a new port of entry on the envi-ronment, culture, commerce, and quality of life of the communities and residents located near such new port. (b) E
XPANSION AND MODERNIZATION OF HIGH- P
RIORITY SOUTHERN BORDER PORTS OF  E
NTRY .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Administrator of General Services, sub-ject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, and in coordination with the Sec-retary, shall expand or modernize high-pri-ority ports of entry on the southern border, as determined by the Secretary, for the pur-poses of reducing wait times and enhancing security. (c) P
ORT OF ENTRY PRIORITIZATION .—Prior to constructing any new ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (a), the Administrator of General Services shall complete the expan-sion and modernization of ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (b) to the extent prac-ticable. (d) N
OTIFICATIONS .— (1) R
ELATING TO NEW PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 15 days after determining the lo-cation of any new port of entry for construc-tion pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Members of Congress who represent the State or congres-sional district in which such new port of entry will be located, as well as the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. Such notification shall include information relating to the location of such new port of entry, a description of the need for such new port of entry and associated an-ticipated benefits, a description of the con-sultations undertaken by the Secretary and the Administrator pursuant to paragraph (2) of such subsection, any actions that will be taken to minimize negative impacts of such new port of entry, and the anticipated time- line for construction and completion of such new port of entry. (2) R
ELATING TO EXPANSION AND MODERNIZA -
TION OF PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Finance, the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Home-land Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives of the ports of entry on the southern border that are the subject of expansion or modernization pursuant to subsection (b) and the Secretary’s and Administrator’s plan for expanding or modernizing each such port of entry. (e) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) create or negate any right of action for a State, local government, or other person or entity affected by this section; (2) delay the transfer of the possession of property to the United States or affect the validity of any property acquisitions by pur-chase or eminent domain, or to otherwise af-fect the eminent domain laws of the United States or of any State; or (3) create any right or liability for any party. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as providing the Secretary new authority related to the con-struction, acquisition, or renovation of real property. 
SEC. 2102. SECURE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officer or agent, if appropriate, is equipped with a secure radio or other two- way communication device, supported by system interoperability, that allows each such officer to communicate— (1) between ports of entry and inspection stations; and (2) with other Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement entities. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that each U.S. Border Pa-trol agent or officer assigned or required to patrol on foot, by horseback, or with a ca-nine unit, in remote mission critical loca-tions, and at border checkpoints, has a multi- or dual-band encrypted portable radio. (c) LTE C
APABILITY .—In carrying out sub-section (b), the Secretary shall acquire ra-dios or other devices with the option to be LTE-capable for deployment in areas where LTE enhances operations and is cost effec-tive. 
SEC. 2103. BORDER SECURITY DEPLOYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E XPANSION .—Not later than September 30, 2023, the Secretary shall fully implement the Border Security Deployment Program of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and expand the integrated surveillance and in-trusion detection system at land ports of entry along the southern border and the northern border. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $33,000,000 for fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out sub-section (a). 
SEC. 2104. PILOT AND UPGRADE OF LICENSE PLATE READERS AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) U PGRADE .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall upgrade all existing license plate readers in need of upgrade, as determined by the Commissioner, on the northern and southern borders on incoming and outgoing vehicle lanes. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall conduct a one-month pilot program on the southern border using license plate readers for one to two cargo lanes at the top three high-volume land ports of entry or checkpoints to determine their effectiveness in reducing cross-border wait times for commercial traffic and trac-tor-trailers. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security, and Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives the results of the pilot program under subsection (b) and make rec-ommendations for implementing use of such technology on the southern border. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for fiscal years 2019 through 2020 to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 2105. NON-INTRUSIVE INSPECTION OPER-ATIONAL DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a six- month operational demonstration to deploy a high-throughput non-intrusive passenger vehicle inspection system at not fewer than three land ports of entry along the United States-Mexico border with significant cross- border traffic. Such demonstration shall be located within the pre-primary traffic flow and should be scalable to span up to 26 con-tiguous in-bound traffic lanes without re- configuration of existing lanes. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the operational demonstra-tion under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that describes the following: (1) The effects of such demonstration on le-gitimate travel and trade. (2) The effects of such demonstration on wait times, including processing times, for non-pedestrian traffic. (3) The effectiveness of such demonstration in combating terrorism and smuggling. 
SEC. 2106. BIOMETRIC EXIT DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by inserting after sec-tion 415 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 416. BIOMETRIC ENTRY-EXIT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives an implementation plan to es-tablish a biometric exit data system to com-plete the integrated biometric entry and exit data system required under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) an integrated master schedule and cost estimate, including requirements and design, development, operational, and main-tenance costs of such a system, that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Accountability Of-fice and the Department; ‘‘(B) cost-effective staffing and personnel requirements of such a system that leverages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5463 June 21, 2018 
existing resources of the Department that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(C) a consideration of training programs necessary to establish such a system that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(D) a consideration of how such a system will affect arrival and departure wait times that takes into account prior reports on such matter issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(E) information received after consulta-tion with private sector stakeholders, in-cluding the— ‘‘(i) trucking industry; ‘‘(ii) airport industry; ‘‘(iii) airline industry; ‘‘(iv) seaport industry; ‘‘(v) travel industry; and ‘‘(vi) biometric technology industry; ‘‘(F) a consideration of how trusted trav-eler programs in existence as of the date of the enactment of this section may be im-pacted by, or incorporated into, such a sys-tem; ‘‘(G) defined metrics of success and mile-stones; ‘‘(H) identified risks and mitigation strate-gies to address such risks; ‘‘(I) a consideration of how other countries have implemented a biometric exit data sys-tem; and ‘‘(J) a list of statutory, regulatory, or ad-ministrative authorities, if any, needed to integrate such a system into the operations of the Transportation Security Administra-tion; and ‘‘(2) not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this section, establish a biometric exit data system at the— ‘‘(A) 15 United States airports that support the highest volume of international air trav-el, as determined by available Federal flight data; ‘‘(B) 10 United States seaports that support the highest volume of international sea trav-el, as determined by available Federal travel data; and ‘‘(C) 15 United States land ports of entry that support the highest volume of vehicle, pedestrian, and cargo crossings, as deter-mined by available Federal border crossing data. ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAM AT LAND PORTS OF  
ENTRY .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in collaboration with industry stakeholders, shall establish a six-month pilot program to test the biometric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) on non-pedestrian outbound traffic at not fewer than three land ports of entry with signifi-cant cross-border traffic, including at not fewer than two land ports of entry on the southern land border and at least one land port of entry on the northern land border. Such pilot program may include a consider-ation of more than one biometric mode, and shall be implemented to determine the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) How a nationwide implementation of such biometric exit data system at land ports of entry shall be carried out. ‘‘(B) The infrastructure required to carry out subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) The effects of such pilot program on legitimate travel and trade. ‘‘(D) The effects of such pilot program on wait times, including processing times, for such non-pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(E) The effects of such pilot program on combating terrorism. ‘‘(F) The effects of such pilot program on identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(2) AT LAND PORTS OF ENTRY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall expand the bio-metric exit data system referred to in sub-section (a)(2) to all land ports of entry. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend for a single two-year period the date specified in subparagraph (A) if the Sec-retary certifies to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that the 15 land ports of entry that support the highest volume of passenger vehicles, as determined by available Federal data, do not have the physical infrastructure or characteristics to install the systems necessary to implement a biometric exit data system. Such extension shall apply only in the case of non-pedes-trian outbound traffic at such land ports of entry. ‘‘(3) A
T AIR AND SEA PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than five years after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Secretary shall expand the biometric exit data system re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2) to all air and sea ports of entry. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTS ON AIR, S EA, AND LAND T
RANSPORTATION .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with appropriate private sector stakeholders, shall ensure that the collec-tion of biometric data under this section causes the least possible disruption to the movement of people or cargo in air, sea, or land transportation, while fulfilling the goals of improving counterterrorism efforts and identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION OF PROCEEDING .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall, on the date of the enact-ment of this section, terminate the pro-ceeding entitled ‘Collection of Alien Biomet-ric Data Upon Exit From the United States at Air and Sea Ports of Departure; United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indi-cator Technology Program (‘‘US–VISIT’’)’, issued on April 24, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 22065). ‘‘(e) D
ATA-MATCHING .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall— ‘‘(1) match biometric information for an individual, regardless of nationality, citizen-ship, or immigration status, who is depart-ing the United States against biometric data previously provided to the United States Government by such individual for the pur-poses of international travel; ‘‘(2) leverage the infrastructure and data-bases of the current biometric entry and exit system established pursuant to section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b) for the purpose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) be interoperable with, and allow matching against, other Federal databases that— ‘‘(A) store biometrics of known or sus-pected terrorists; and ‘‘(B) identify visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(f) S
COPE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall include a requirement for the collection of biometric exit data at the time of departure for all categories of individuals who are re-quired by the Secretary to provide biometric entry data. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN OTHER INDIVID -
UALS .—This section shall not apply in the case of an individual who exits and then en-ters the United States on a passenger vessel (as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) the itinerary of which originates and terminates in the United States. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION FOR LAND PORTS OF ENTRY .— This section shall not apply in the case of a United States or Canadian citizen who exits the United States through a land port of entry. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION OF DATA.—The Secretary may not require any non-Federal person to collect biometric data, or contribute to the costs of collecting or administering the bio-metric exit data system established under this section, except through a mutual agree-ment. ‘‘(h) M
ULTI-MODAL COLLECTION .—In car- rying out subsections (a)(1) and (b), the Sec-retary shall make every effort to collect bio-metric data using multiple modes of bio-metrics. ‘‘(i) F
ACILITIES .—All facilities at which the biometric exit data system established under this section is implemented shall provide and maintain space for Federal use that is adequate to support biometric data collec-tion and other inspection-related activity. For non-federally owned facilities, such space shall be provided and maintained at no cost to the Government. For all facilities at land ports of entry, such space requirements shall be coordinated with the Administrator of General Services. ‘‘(j) N
ORTHERN LAND BORDER .—In the case of the northern land border, the require-ments under subsections (a)(2)(C), (b)(2)(A), and (b)(4) may be achieved through the shar-ing of biometric data provided to the Depart-ment by the Canadian Border Services Agen-cy pursuant to the 2011 Beyond the Border agreement. ‘‘(k) F
ULL AND OPEN COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall procure goods and services to implement this section via full and open competition in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations. ‘‘(l) O
THER BIOMETRIC INITIATIVES .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as lim-iting the authority of the Secretary to col-lect biometric information in circumstances other than as specified in this section. ‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives reports and recommendations regard-ing the Science and Technology Direc-torate’s Air Entry and Exit Re-Engineering Program of the Department and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection entry and exit mobility program demonstrations. ‘‘(n) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall prohibit the collection of user fees permitted by section 13031 of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 415 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 416. Biometric entry-exit.’’. 
SEC. 2107. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERA-TION BETWEEN AGENCIES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that personnel constraints exist at land ports of entry with regard to sanitary and phytosanitary inspec-tions for exported goods. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in the best interest of cross- border trade and the agricultural commu-nity— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5464 June 21, 2018 
(1) any lack of certified personnel for in-spection purposes at ports of entry should be addressed by seeking cooperation between agencies and departments of the United States, whether in the form of a memo-randum of understanding or through a cer-tification process, whereby additional exist-ing agents are authorized for additional hours to facilitate and expedite the flow of legitimate trade and commerce of perishable goods in a manner consistent with rules of the Department of Agriculture; and (2) cross designation should be available for personnel who will assist more than one agency or department of the United States at land ports of entry to facilitate and expe-dite the flow of increased legitimate trade and commerce. 
SEC. 2108. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
In addition to any amounts otherwise au-thorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is authorized to be appropriated $4,250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 to carry out this title, of which $250,000,000 in each such fiscal year is author-ized to be made available to implement the biometric exit data system described in sec-tion 416 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2106 of this division. 
SEC. 2109. DEFINITION. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. TITLE III—VISA SECURITY AND INTEGRITY 
SEC. 3101. VISA SECURITY. 
(a) V ISASECURITY UNITS AT HIGH RISK P
OSTS.—Paragraph (1) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION .—Subject to the min-imum number specified in subparagraph (B), the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) R
ISK-BASED ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall assign employ-ees of the Department to not fewer than 75 diplomatic and consular posts at which visas are issued. Such assignments shall be made— ‘‘(I) in a risk-based manner; ‘‘(II) considering the criteria described in clause (iii); and ‘‘(III) in accordance with National Security Decision Directive 38 of June 2, 1982, or any superseding presidential directive con-cerning staffing at diplomatic and consular posts. ‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—In carrying out National Security Decision Directive 38 of June 2, 1982, the Secretary of State shall ensure priority consideration of any staffing assignment pursuant to this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) C
RITERIA DESCRIBED .—The criteria re-ferred to in clause (i) are the following: ‘‘(I) The number of nationals of a country in which any of the diplomatic and consular posts referred to in clause (i) are located who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identities of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year. ‘‘(II) Information on the cooperation of such country with the counterterrorism ef-forts of the United States. ‘‘(III) Information analyzing the presence, activity, or movement of terrorist organiza-tions (as such term is defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi))) within or through such country. ‘‘(IV) The number of formal objections based on derogatory information issued by the Visa Security Advisory Opinion Unit pursuant to paragraph (10) regarding nation-als of a country in which any of the diplo-matic and consular posts referred to in clause (i) are located. ‘‘(V) The adequacy of the border and immi-gration control of such country. ‘‘(VI) Any other criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate.’’. (b) COUNTERTERROR VETTING AND SCREEN -
ING.—Paragraph (2) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) Screen any such applications against the appropriate criminal, national security, and terrorism databases maintained by the Federal Government.’’. (c) T
RAINING AND HIRING .—Subparagraph (A) of section 428(e)(6) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘The Secretary shall ensure, to the extent possible, that any employees’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and the Director of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement, shall provide training to any employees’’; and (2) striking ‘‘shall be provided the nec-essary training’’. (d) P
RE-ADJUDICATED VISASECURITY AS-
SISTANCE AND VISASECURITY ADVISORY OPIN-
IONUNIT.—Subsection (e) of section 428 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(9) R
EMOTE PRE -ADJUDICATED VISA SECU -
RITY ASSISTANCE .—At the visa-issuing posts at which employees of the Department are not assigned pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in a risk-based manner, as-sign employees of the Department to re-motely perform the functions required under paragraph (2) at not fewer than 50 of such posts. ‘‘(10) V
ISA SECURITY ADVISORY OPINION  
UNIT.—The Secretary shall establish within U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement a Visa Security Advisory Opinion Unit to re-spond to requests from the Secretary of State to conduct a visa security review using information maintained by the Department on visa applicants, including terrorism asso-ciation, criminal history, counter-prolifera-tion, and other relevant factors, as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’. (e) D
EADLINES .—The requirements estab-lished under paragraphs (1) and (9) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)), as amended and added by this section, shall be implemented not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) F
UNDING .— (1) A
DDITIONAL VISA FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall charge a fee in support of visa security, to be deposited in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ac-count. Fees imposed pursuant to this sub-section shall be available only to the extent provided in advance by appropriations Acts. (B) A
MOUNT OF FEE .—The total amount of the additional fee charged pursuant to this subsection shall be equal to an amount suffi-cient to cover the annual costs of the visa se-curity program established by the Secretary of Homeland Security under section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)), as amended by this section. (2) U
SE OF FEES .—Amounts deposited in the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement account pursuant to paragraph (1) are au-thorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security for the funding of the visa security program referred to in such paragraph. SEC. 3102. ELECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING AND BIOMETRIC MATCHING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 2106 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 420. ELECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING AND BIOMETRIC MATCHING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(1) screen electronic passports at airports of entry by reading each such passport’s em-bedded chip; and ‘‘(2) to the greatest extent practicable, uti-lize facial recognition technology or other biometric technology, as determined by the Commissioner, to inspect travelers at United States airports of entry. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
LECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) shall apply to passports belonging to individuals who are United States citizens, individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), and individuals who are nationals of any other foreign country that issues electronic passports. ‘‘(2) F
ACIAL RECOGNITION MATCHING .—Para- graph (2) of subsection (a) shall apply, at a minimum, to individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in collaboration with the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, shall issue to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate an annual report through fiscal year 2022 on the utilization of facial recognition technology and other biometric technology pursuant to subsection (a)(2). Each such report shall include information on the type of technology used at each air-port of entry, the number of individuals who were subject to inspection using either of such technologies at each airport of entry, and within the group of individuals subject to such inspection at each airport, the num-ber of those individuals who were United States citizens and legal permanent resi-dents. Each such report shall provide infor-mation on the disposition of data collected during the year covered by such report, to-gether with information on protocols for the management of collected biometric data, in-cluding timeframes and criteria for storing, erasing, destroying, or otherwise removing such data from databases utilized by the De-partment. 
‘‘SEC. 420A. CONTINUOUS SCREENING BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION. 
‘‘The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall, in a risk based man-ner, continuously screen individuals issued any visa, and individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), who are present, or are expected to arrive within 30 days, in the United States, against the appropriate criminal, na-tional security, and terrorism databases maintained by the Federal Government.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 419 the fol-lowing new items: ‘‘Sec. 420. Electronic passport screening and biometric matching. ‘‘Sec. 420A. Continuous screening by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5465 June 21, 2018 
SEC. 3103. REPORTING OF VISA OVERSTAYS. 
Section 2 of Public Law 105–173 (8 U.S.C. 1376) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and any additional in-formation that the Secretary determines necessary for purposes of the report under subsection (b)’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2019, and not later than Sep-tember 30 of each year thereafter, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report providing, for the pre-ceding fiscal year, numerical estimates (in-cluding information on the methodology uti-lized to develop such numerical estimates) of— ‘‘(1) for each country, the number of aliens from the country who are described in sub-section (a), including— ‘‘(A) the total number of such aliens within all classes of nonimmigrant aliens described in section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)); and ‘‘(B) the number of such aliens within each of the classes of nonimmigrant aliens, as well as the number of such aliens within each of the subclasses of such classes of non-immigrant aliens, as applicable; ‘‘(2) for each country, the percentage of the total number of aliens from the country who were present in the United States and were admitted to the United States as non-immigrants who are described in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) the number of aliens described in sub-section (a) who arrived by land at a port of entry into the United States; ‘‘(4) the number of aliens described in sub-section (a) who entered the United States using a border crossing identification card (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(6))); and ‘‘(5) the number of Canadian nationals who entered the United States without a visa whose authorized period of stay in the United States terminated during the pre-vious fiscal year, but who remained in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 3104. STUDENT AND EXCHANGE VISITOR IN-FORMATION SYSTEM VERIFICATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that the in-formation collected under the program es-tablished under section 641 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1372) is available to officers of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection for the purpose of conducting pri-mary inspections of aliens seeking admission to the United States at each port of entry of the United States. 
SEC. 3105. SOCIAL MEDIA REVIEW OF VISA APPLI-CANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by sections 1115, 1123, and 1126 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tions: 
‘‘SEC. 438. SOCIAL MEDIA SCREENING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, and in a risk based manner and on an individualized basis, review the so-cial media accounts of certain visa appli-cants who are citizens of, or who reside in, high-risk countries, as determined by the Secretary based on the criteria described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) HIGH-RISK CRITERIA DESCRIBED .—In determining whether a country is high-risk pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall consider the following criteria: ‘‘(1) The number of nationals of the coun-try who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identi-ties of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year. ‘‘(2) The level of cooperation of the country with the counter-terrorism efforts of the United States. ‘‘(3) Any other criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—To carry out the re-quirements of subsection (a), the Secretary may collaborate with— ‘‘(1) the head of a national laboratory with-in the Department’s laboratory network with relevant expertise; ‘‘(2) the head of a relevant university-based center within the Department’s centers of excellence network; and ‘‘(3) the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of State, is author-ized to waive the requirements of subsection (a) as necessary to comply with inter-national obligations of the United States. 
‘‘SEC. 439. OPEN SOURCE SCREENING. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, and in a risk based manner, review open source information of visa appli-cants.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by this divi-sion is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 437 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 438. Social media screening. ‘‘Sec. 439. Open source screening.’’. 
SEC. 3106. CANCELLATION OF ADDITIONAL VISAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(g) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and any other non-immigrant visa issued by the United States that is in the possession of the alien’’ after ‘‘such visa’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘(other than the visa described in paragraph (1)) issued in a consular office located in the country of the alien’s nationality’’ and in-serting ‘‘(other than a visa described in para-graph (1)) issued in a consular office located in the country of the alien’s nationality or foreign residence’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to a visa issued before, on, or after such date. 
SEC. 3107. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(f) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and inserting ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reciprocity’’ and all that follows and inserting the following ‘‘may provide to a foreign government information in a De-partment of State computerized visa data-base and, when necessary and appropriate, other records covered by this section related to information in such database—’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) by inserting at the beginning ‘‘on the basis of reciprocity,’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘for the pur-pose of’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘illicit weapons; or’’ and in-serting ‘‘illicit weapons, or (ii) determining a person’s deportability or eligibility for a visa, admission, or other immigration ben-efit;’’; (4) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by inserting at the beginning ‘‘on the basis of reciprocity,’’; (B) by striking ‘‘in the database’’ and in-serting ‘‘such database’’; (C) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-serting ‘‘for one of the purposes’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the database specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3108. RESTRICTING WAIVER OF VISA INTER-VIEWS. 
Section 222(h) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security,’’ after ‘‘if the Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by inserting ‘‘, where such national interest shall not in-clude facilitation of travel of foreign nation-als to the United States, reduction of visa application processing times, or the alloca-tion of consular resources’’ before the semi-colon at the end; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (E); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) is an individual— ‘‘(i) determined to be in a class of aliens determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be threats to national security; ‘‘(ii) identified by the Secretary of Home-land Security as a person of concern; or ‘‘(iii) applying for a visa in a visa category with respect to which the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that a waiver of the visa interview would create a high risk of degradation of visa program in-tegrity.’’. 
SEC. 3109. AUTHORIZING THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO NOT INTERVIEW CERTAIN INELIGIBLE VISA APPLICANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(h)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the alien is determined by the Secretary of State to be ineligible for a visa based upon review of the application or’’ after ‘‘unless’’. (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall issue guidance to consular officers on the standards and proc-esses for implementing the authority to deny visa applications without interview in cases where the alien is determined by the Sec-retary of State to be ineligible for a visa based upon review of the application. (c) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than once each quarter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Congress a report on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5466 June 21, 2018 
denial of visa applications without inter-view, including— (1) the number of such denials; and (2) a post-by-post breakdown of such deni-als. 
SEC. 3110. PETITION AND APPLICATION PROC-ESSING FOR VISAS AND IMMIGRA-TION BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 211 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 211A. PETITION AND APPLICATION PROC-ESSING. 
‘‘(a) S IGNATURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No petition or applica-tion filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security or with a consular officer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immi-grant or as a nonimmigrant may be approved unless the petition or application is signed by each party required to sign such petition or application. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS FOR IMMIGRANT VISAS .— Except as may be otherwise prescribed by regulations, each application for an immi-grant visa shall be signed by the applicant in the presence of the consular officer, and verified by the oath of the applicant admin-istered by the consular officer. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLETION REQUIREMENT .—No peti- tion or application filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security or with a consular of-ficer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immigrant or as a non-immigrant may be approved unless each ap-plicable portion of the petition or applica-tion has been completed. ‘‘(c) T
RANSLATION REQUIREMENT .—No docu- ment submitted in support of a petition or application for a nonimmigrant or immi-grant visa may be accepted by a consular of-ficer if such document contains information in a foreign language, unless such document is accompanied by a full English translation, which the translator has certified as com-plete and accurate, and by the translator’s certification that he or she is competent to translate from the foreign language into English. ‘‘(d) R
EQUESTS FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMA -
TION.—In the case that the Secretary of Homeland Security or a consular officer re-quests any additional information relating to a petition or application filed with the Secretary or consular officer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immigrant or as a nonimmigrant, such petition or appli-cation may not be approved unless all of the additional information requested is provided, or is shown to have been previously provided, in complete form and is provided on or before any reasonably established deadline included in the request.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 211 the following: ‘‘Sec. 211A. Petition and application proc-essing.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to applications and petitions filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3111. FRAUD PREVENTION. 
(a) P ROSPECTIVE ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGY .— (1) P
LAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a plan for the use of advanced ana-lytics software to ensure the proactive detec-tion of fraud in immigration benefits appli-cations and petitions and to ensure that any such applicant or petitioner does not pose a threat to national security. (2) IMPLEMENTATION OF PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the submission of the plan under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall begin im-plementation of the plan. (b) B
ENEFITS FRAUD ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, acting through the Fraud De-tection and Nationality Security Direc-torate, shall complete a benefit fraud assess-ment by fiscal year 2021 on each of the fol-lowing: (A) Petitions by VAWA self-petitioners (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(51) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(51)). (B) Applications or petitions for visas or status under section 101(a)(15)(K) of such Act or under section 201(b)(2) of such Act, in the case of spouses (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(K)). (C) Applications for visas or status under section 101(a)(27)(J) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)). (D) Applications for visas or status under section 101(a)(15)(U) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(U)). (E) Petitions for visas or status under sec-tion 101(a)(27)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(C)). (F) Applications for asylum under section 208 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158). (G) Applications for adjustment of status under section 209 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1159). (H) Petitions for visas or status under sec-tion 201(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)). (2) R
EPORTING ON FINDINGS .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of each benefit fraud assessment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate such assessment and rec-ommendations on how to reduce the occur-rence of instances of fraud identified by the assessment. 
SEC. 3112. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF DRUG TRAFFICKERS. 
Section 212(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘is the spouse, son, or daughter’’ and inserting ‘‘is or has been the spouse, son, or daughter’’; and (2) in subparagraph (H)(ii), by striking ‘‘is the spouse, son, or daughter’’ and inserting ‘‘is or has been the spouse, son, or daughter’’. 
SEC. 3113. DNA TESTING. 
Section 222(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘Where considered necessary, by the consular officer or immigration official, to establish family relationships, the immi-grant shall provide DNA evidence of such a relationship in accordance with procedures established for submitting such evidence. The Secretary and the Secretary of State may, in consultation, issue regulations to re-quire DNA evidence to establish family rela-tionship, from applicants for certain visa classifications.’’ after ‘‘and a certified copy of all other records or documents concerning him or his case which may be required by the consular officer.’’. 
SEC. 3114. ACCESS TO NCIC CRIMINAL HISTORY DATABASE FOR DIPLOMATIC VISAS. 
Subsection (a) of article V of section 217 of the National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40316(V)(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except for diplo-matic visa applications for which only full biographical information is required’’ before the period at the end. SEC. 3115. ELIMINATION OF SIGNED PHOTO-GRAPH REQUIREMENT FOR VISA AP-PLICATIONS. 
Section 221(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(b)) is amended by striking the first sentence and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Each alien who applies for a visa shall be registered in connection with his or her application and shall furnish copies of his or her photograph for such use as may be required by regulation.’’. 
SEC. 3116. ADDITIONAL FRAUD DETECTION AND PREVENTION. 
Section 286(v)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘at United States embassies and consulates abroad’’; (2) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) to increase the number of diplomatic security personnel assigned exclusively or primarily to the function of preventing and detecting visa fraud;’’; and (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, including primarily fraud by applicants for visas de-scribed in subparagraph (H)(i), (H)(ii), or (L) of section 101(a)(15)’’. TITLE IV—TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION ILLICIT SPOTTER PRE-VENTION AND ELIMINATION 
SEC. 4101. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Transnational Criminal Organization Illicit Spotter Prevention and Elimination Act’’. 
SEC. 4102. ILLICIT SPOTTING. 
Section 1510 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) Any person who knowingly transmits, by any means, to another person the loca-tion, movement, or activities of any officer or agent of a Federal, State, local, or tribal law enforcement agency with the intent to further a criminal offense under the immi-gration laws (as such term is defined in sec-tion 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act), the Controlled Substances Act, or the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act, or that relates to agriculture or mone-tary instruments shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 4103. UNLAWFULLY HINDERING IMMIGRA-TION, BORDER, AND CUSTOMS CON-TROLS. 
(a) B RINGING IN AND HARBORING OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .—Section 274(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘brings to or attempts to’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘brings to or attempts or conspires to’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) In the case of a person who has brought aliens into the United States in vio-lation of this subsection, the sentence other-wise provided for may be increased by up to 10 years if that person, at the time of the of-fense, used or carried a firearm or who, in furtherance of any such crime, possessed a firearm.’’. (b) A
IDING OR ASSISTING CERTAIN ALIENS TO E
NTER THE UNITED STATES .—Section 277 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1327) is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘knowingly aids or assists’’ the following: ‘‘or attempts to aid or assist’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In the case of a person convicted of an offense under this section, the sentence otherwise provided for may be increased by up to 10 years if that person, at the time of the of-fense, used or carried a firearm or who, in furtherance of any such crime, possessed a firearm.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5467 June 21, 2018 
(c) D ESTRUCTION OF UNITED STATES BORDER  C
ONTROLS .—Section 1361 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘If the damage’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) Except as otherwise provided in this section, if the damage’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) If the injury or depredation was made or attempted against any fence, barrier, sen-sor, camera, or other physical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry or otherwise was intended to construct, exca-vate, or make any structure intended to de-feat, circumvent, or evade any such fence, barrier, sensor camera, or other physical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry, by a fine under this title or impris-onment for not more than 15 years, or both. ‘‘(3) If the injury or depredation was de-scribed under paragraph (2) and, in the com-mission of the offense, the offender used or carried a firearm or, in furtherance of any such offense, possessed a firearm, by a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than 20 years, or both.’’. TITLE V—BORDER SECURITY FUNDING 
SEC. 5101. BORDER SECURITY FUNDING. 
(a) F UNDING .—In addition to amounts oth-erwise made available by this Act or any other provision of law, there is hereby appro-priated to the ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ account, out of any amounts in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $23,400,000,000, to be available as described in subsections (b) and (c), of which— (1) $16,625,000,000 shall be for a border wall system along the southern border of the United States, including physical barriers and associated detection technology, roads, and lighting; and (2) $6,775,000,000 shall be for infrastructure, assets, operations, and technology to en-hance border security along the southern border of the United States, including— (A) border security technology, including surveillance technology, at and between ports of entry; (B) new roads and improvements to exist-ing roads; (C) U.S. Border Patrol facilities and ports of entry; (D) aircraft, aircraft-based sensors and as-sociated technology, vessels, spare parts, and equipment to maintain such assets; (E) a biometric entry and exit system; and (F) family residential centers. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF BORDER WALLSYSTEM  F
UNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount appro-priated in subsection (a)(1)— (A) $2,241,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2018; (B) $1,808,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2019; (C) $1,715,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2020; (D) $2,140,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2021; (E) $1,735,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2022; (F) $1,746,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2023; (G) $1,776,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2024; (H) $1,746,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2025; and (I) $1,718,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2026. (2) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—An amount made available under subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), or (I) of paragraph (1) shall remain available for five years after the date specified in that subparagraph. (c) AVAILABILITY OF BORDER SECURITY IN-
VESTMENT FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount appro-priated in subsection (a)(2)— (A) $500,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2018; (B) $1,850,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2019; (C) $1,950,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2020; (D) $1,925,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2021; and (E) $550,000,000 shall become available Oc-tober 1, 2022. (2) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—An amount made available under subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) of paragraph (1) shall remain available for five years after the date speci-fied in that subparagraph. (3) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any lim-itation on transfer authority in any other provision of law and subject to the notifica-tion requirement in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of Homeland Security may trans-fer any amounts made available under para-graph (1) to the ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support’’ ac-count only to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes described in subsection (a)(2). (B) N
OTIFICATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives not later than 30 days before each such transfer. (d) M
ULTI-YEARSPENDING PLAN.—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security shall include in the budget justification materials submitted in support of the President’s annual budget request for fiscal year 2020 (as submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a multi-year spending plan for the amounts made available under sub-section (a). (e) E
XPENDITURE PLAN.—Each amount that becomes available in accordance with sub-section (b) or (c) may not be obligated until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives receive a detailed plan, prepared by the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, for the expenditure of such amount. (f) Q
UARTERLY BRIEFING REQUIREMENT .— Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quar-terly thereafter, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives re-garding activities under and progress made in carrying out this section. (g) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the availability of funds made available by any other provision of law for carrying out the requirements of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. Any reference in this sec-tion to an appropriation account shall be construed to include any successor accounts. (h) D
ISCRETIONARY AMOUNTS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) are discretionary appropriations (as that term is defined in section 250(c)(7) of the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900(c)(7)). 
SEC. 5102. LIMITATION ON ADJUSTMENT OF STA-TUS. 
If any amount under section 5101 is re-scinded or transferred to another account for use beyond the purposes specified in such section— (1) a contingent nonimmigrant (as such term is defined in section 1101 of division B) may not be provided with an immigrant visa or adjust status to that of a lawful perma-nent resident under this Act, the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, or the immigra-tion laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101); and (2) beginning on October 1, 2019, an alien described in paragraph (2) of section 203(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(c)(2)) may not be provided with an immigrant visa or adjust status to that of a lawful permanent resident under such sec-tion. SEC. 5103. EXCLUSION FROM PAYGO SCORE-CARDS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard main-tained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. DIVISION B—IMMIGRATION REFORM TITLE I—LAWFUL STATUS FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS 
SEC. 1101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this division: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the terms used in this di-vision have the meanings given such terms in subsections (a) and (b) of section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) C
ONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANT .—The term ‘‘contingent nonimmigrant’’ means an alien who is granted nonimmigrant status under this division. (3) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘educational institution’’ means— (A) an institution that is described in sec-tion 102(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)(1)) except an institu-tion described in subparagraph (C) of such section; (B) an elementary, primary, or secondary school within the United States; or (C) an educational program assisting stu-dents either in obtaining a high school equivalency diploma, certificate, or its rec-ognized equivalent under State law, or in passing a General Educational Development exam or other equivalent State-authorized exam or other applicable State requirements for high school equivalency. (4) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (5) S
EXUAL ASSAULT .—The term ‘‘sexual as-sault’’ means— (A) conduct constituting a criminal offense of rape, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)), or conduct punishable under section 2241 (relating to aggravated sexual abuse), section 2242 (relating to sexual abuse), or section 2243 (relating to sexual abuse of a minor or ward) of title 18, United States Code; (B) conduct constituting a criminal offense of statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature involving a victim under the age of 18 years, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (C) conduct punishable under section 2251 or 2251A (relating to the sexual exploitation of children and the selling or buying of chil-dren), or section 2252 or 2252A (relating to certain activities relating to material in-volving the sexual exploitation of minors or relating to material constituting or con-taining child pornography) of title 18, United States Code; or (D) conduct constituting the elements of any other Federal or State sexual offense re-quiring a defendant, if convicted, to register on a sexual offender registry (except that this provision shall not apply to convictions solely for urinating or defecating in public). (6) V
ICTIM .—The term ‘‘victim’’ has the meaning given the term in section 503(e) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5468 June 21, 2018 
the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(e)). 
SEC. 1102. CONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANT STATUS ELIGIBILITY AND APPLICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may grant contingent nonimmigrant status to an alien who— (1) meets the eligibility requirements set forth in subsection (b); (2) submits a completed application before the end of the period set forth in subsection (c)(2); and (3) has paid the fees required under sub-section (c)(5). (b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien is eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status if the alien establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien meets the requirements set forth in this subsection. (2) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—The require-ments under this paragraph are that the alien— (A) is physically present in the United States on the date on which the alien sub-mits an application for contingent non-immigrant status; (B) was physically present in the United States on June 15, 2007; (C) was younger than 16 years of age on the date the alien initially entered the United States; (D) is a person of good moral character; (E) was under 31 years of age on June 15, 2012; (F) has maintained continuous physical presence in the United States from June 15, 2012, until the date on which the alien is granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this section; (G) had no lawful immigration status on June 15, 2012; and (H) has requested the release to the De-partment of Homeland Security of all records regarding their being adjudicated de-linquent in State or local juvenile court pro-ceedings, and the Department has obtained all such records. (3) E
DUCATION REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may not be granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this section unless the alien estab-lishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien— (i) is enrolled in, and is in regular full-time attendance at, an educational institution within the United States; or (ii) has acquired a diploma or degree from a high school in the United States or the equivalent of such a diploma as recognized under State law (such as a general equiva-lency diploma, certificate of completion, or certificate of attendance). (B) E
VIDENCE .—An alien shall demonstrate compliance with clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (A) by providing a valid certified tran-script or diploma from the educational insti-tution the alien is enrolled in or from which the alien has acquired a diploma or certifi-cate. (C) D
ISABILITY WAIVER .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply in the case of an alien if the Secretary determines on a case by case basis that the alien is unable because of a physical or developmental disability or mental im-pairment to meet the requirement of such subparagraph. (4) G
ROUNDS FOR INELIGIBILITY .—An alien is ineligible for contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus if the Secretary determines that the alien— (A) has a conviction for— (i) an offense classified as a felony in the convicting jurisdiction; (ii) an aggravated felony (except that in applying such term for purposes of this para-graph, subparagraph (N) of section 101(a)(43) does not apply); (iii) an offense classified as a misdemeanor in the convicting jurisdiction which in-volved— (I) domestic violence (as such term is de-fined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a))); (II) child abuse or neglect (as such term is defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a))); (III) assault resulting in bodily injury (as such term is defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); or (IV) the violation of a protection order (as such term is defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); (iv) one or more offenses classified as a misdemeanor in the convicting jurisdiction which involved driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence (as such terms are defined in section 164(a)(2) of title 23, United States Code); (v) two or more misdemeanors (excluding minor traffic offenses that did not involve driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence, or that did not subject any in-dividual other than the alien to bodily in-jury); or (vi) any offense under foreign law, except for a purely political offense, which, if the offense had been committed in the United States, would render the alien inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) or deport-able under section 237(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)); (B) has been adjudicated delinquent in a State or local juvenile court proceeding for an offense equivalent to— (i) an offense relating to murder, man-slaughter, homicide, rape (whether the vic-tim was conscious or unconscious), statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature in-volving a victim under the age of 18 years, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (ii) a crime of violence, as such term is de-fined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code; or (iii) an offense punishable under section 401 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841); (C) has a conviction for any other criminal offense, with regard to which the alien has not satisfied any requirement to pay restitu-tion or any civil legal judgements awarded to any victims (or family members of vic-tims) of the crime; (D) is described in section 212(a)(2)(N) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1882(a)(2)) (relating to aliens associ-ated with criminal gangs); (E) is inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)), except that in determining an alien’s inadmissibility, paragraphs (5)(A), (6)(A), (6)(D), (6)(G), (7), (9)(B), and (9)(C)(i)(I) of such section shall not apply; (F) is deportable under section 237(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)), except that in determining an alien’s deportability— (i) subparagraph (A) of section 237(a)(1) of such Act shall not apply with respect to grounds of inadmissibility that do not apply pursuant to subparagraph (C) of such sec-tion; and (ii) subparagraphs (B) through (D) of sec-tion 237(a)(1) and section 237(a)(3)(A) of such Act shall not apply; (G) was, on the date of the enactment of this Act— (i) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence; (ii) an alien admitted as a refugee under section 207 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157), or granted asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157 and 1158); or (iii) an alien who, according to the records of the Secretary or the Secretary of State, is lawfully present in the United States in any nonimmigrant status, notwithstanding any unauthorized employment or other violation of nonimmigrant status; (H) has failed to comply with the require-ments of any removal order or voluntary de-parture agreement; (I) has been ordered removed in absentia pursuant to section 240(b)(5)(A) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(5)(A)), unless the case has been re-opened; (J) if over the age of 18, has failed to dem-onstrate that he or she is able to maintain himself or herself at an annual income that is not less than 125 percent of the Federal poverty level throughout the period of ad-mission as a contingent nonimmigrant, un-less the alien has demonstrated that the alien is enrolled in, and is in regular full- time attendance at, an educational institu-tion within the United States, except that the requirement under this subparagraph shall not apply in the case of an alien if the Secretary determines on a case by case basis that the alien— (i) is unable because of a physical or devel-opmental disability or mental impairment to meet the requirement of such subparagraph; or (ii) is the primary caregiver of— (I) a child under 18 years of age; or (II) a child 18 years of age or over, spouse, parent, grandparent, or sibling, who is in-capable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability or who has a serious in-jury or illness (as such term is defined in sec-tion 101(18) of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (29 U.S.C. 2611(18))); (K) has not attested that such alien is not delinquent with respect to any Federal, State, or local income or property tax liabil-ity, and has not attested that such alien does not have income that would result in tax li-ability under section 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and that was not reported to the Internal Revenue Service; or (L) has at any time been convicted of sex-ual assault. (5) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN PRES -
ENCE .—For purposes of paragraph (2), any pe-riod of travel outside the United States by an alien that was authorized by the Sec-retary may not be considered to interrupt any period of continuous physical presence. (c) A
PPLICATION PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may apply for contingent nonimmigrant status by submit-ting a completed application form via elec-tronic filing to the Secretary during the ap-plication period set forth in paragraph (2), in accordance with the interim final rule made by the Secretary under section 1107. (2) A
PPLICATION PERIOD .—The Secretary may only accept applications for contingent nonimmigrant status from aliens in the United States during the 1-year period begin-ning on the date on which the interim final rule is published in the Federal Register pur-suant to section 1107, except that the Sec-retary may extend such period for not more than one 90-day period. (3) A
PPLICATION FORM .— (A) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The applica-tion form referred to in paragraph (1) shall collect such information as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary and appropriate in order to determine whether an alien meets the eligibility requirements set forth in sub-section (b). The Secretary shall by rule re-quire applicants to provide substantiating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5469 June 21, 2018 
information necessary to evaluate the attes-tation of the alien relevant to the grounds of ineligibility under subsection (b)(4)(K), in-cluding, as applicable, tax returns and return information available to the applicant under section 6103(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 6103(e)), evidence of tax re-funds, and receipts of taxes paid. (B) I
NTERVIEW .—The Secretary may con-duct an in-person interview of each applicant for contingent nonimmigrant status under this section as part of the determination as to whether the alien meets the eligibility re-quirements set forth in subsection (b). (4) D
OCUMENTARY REQUIREMENTS .—An ap- plication filed by an alien under this section shall include the following: (A) One or more of the following docu-ments demonstrating the alien’s identity: (i) A passport (or national identity docu-ment) from the alien’s country of origin. (ii) A certified birth certificate along with photo identification. (iii) A State-issued identification card bearing the alien’s name and photograph. (iv) An Armed Forces identification card issued by the Department of Defense. (v) A Coast Guard identification card issued by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (vi) A document issued by the Department of Homeland Security. (vii) A travel document issued by the De-partment of State. (B) A certified copy of the alien’s birth cer-tificate or certified school transcript dem-onstrating that the alien satisfies the re-quirement of subsection (b)(2)(C) and (E). (C) A certified school transcript dem-onstrating that the alien satisfies the re-quirements of subsection (b)(3). (5) F
EES.— (A) S
TANDARD PROCESSING FEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens applying for con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion shall pay a processing fee to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in an amount de-termined by the Secretary. (ii) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS .—The processing fee authorized under clause (i) shall be set at a level that is, at a minimum, sufficient to recover the full costs of processing the appli-cation, including any costs incurred— (I) to adjudicate the application; (II) to take and process biometrics; (III) to perform national security and criminal checks; (IV) to prevent and investigate fraud; and (V) to administer the collection of such fee. (iii) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCESSING  
FEES.—Fees collected under clause (i) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examina-tions Fee Account pursuant to section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)). (B) B
ORDER SECURITY FEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens applying for con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion shall pay a one-time border security fee to the Department of Homeland Security in an amount of $1,000, which may be paid in in-stallments. (ii) U
SE OF BORDER SECURITY FEES .—Fees collected under clause (i) shall be available, to the extent provided in advance in appro-priation Acts, to the Secretary of Homeland Security for the purposes of carrying out di-vision A, and the amendments made by that division. (6) A
LIENS APPREHENDED BEFORE OR DURING  
THE APPLICATION PERIOD .—If an alien who is apprehended during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the application pe-riod described in paragraph (2) appears prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, the Secretary— (A) shall provide the alien with a reason-able opportunity to file an application under this section during such application period; and (B) may not remove the individual until the Secretary has denied the application, un-less the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that expeditious removal of the alien is in the na-tional security, public safety, or foreign pol-icy interests of the United States, or the Secretary will be required for constitutional reasons or court order to release the alien from detention. (7) SUSPENSION OF REMOVAL DURING APPLI -
CATION PERIOD .— (A) A
LIENS IN REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this di-vision, if the Secretary determines that an alien, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the application period de-scribed in subsection (c)(2), is in removal, de-portation, or exclusion proceedings before the Executive Office for Immigration Review and is prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status under this section— (i) the Secretary shall provide the alien with the opportunity to file an application for such status; and (ii) upon motion by the alien and with the consent of the Secretary, the Executive Of-fice for Immigration Review shall— (I) provide the alien a reasonable oppor-tunity to apply for such status; and (II) if the alien applies within the time frame provided, suspend such proceedings until the Secretary has made a determina-tion on the application. (B) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—If an alien who meets the eligibility requirements set forth in subsection (b) is present in the United States and has been ordered excluded, deported, or removed, or ordered to depart voluntarily from the United States pursuant to section 212(a)(6)(A)(i) or 237(a)(1)(B) or (C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(6)(A)(i), 1227(a)(1)(B) or (C)), the Secretary shall provide the alien with the opportunity to file an application for contingent nonimmigrant status provided that the alien has not failed to comply with any order issued pursuant to section 239 or 240B of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229, 1229c). (C) P
ERIOD PENDING ADJUDICATION OF APPLI -
CATION .—During the period beginning on the date on which an alien applies for contingent nonimmigrant status under subsection (c) and ending on the date on which the Sec-retary makes a determination regarding such application, an otherwise removable alien may not be removed from the United States unless— (i) the Secretary makes a prima facie de-termination that such alien is, or has be-come, ineligible for contingent non-immigrant status under subsection (b); or (ii) the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that removal of the alien is in the national secu-rity, public safety, or foreign policy interest of the United States. (8) S
ECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT CLEAR -
ANCES .— (A) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not grant contingent non-immigrant status to an alien under this sec-tion unless such alien submits biometric and biographic data in accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary may provide an alternative procedure for applicants who cannot provide the bio-metric data required under subparagraph (A) due to a physical impairment. (C) CLEARANCES .— (i) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall collect, from each alien applying for status under this section, biometric, biographic, and other data that the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate— (I) to conduct national security and law enforcement checks; and (II) to determine whether there are any factors that would render an alien ineligible for such status. (ii) A
DDITIONAL SECURITY SCREENING .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State and the heads of other agen-cies as appropriate, shall conduct an addi-tional security screening upon determining, in the Secretary’s opinion based upon infor-mation related to national security, that an alien is or was a citizen or resident of a re-gion or country known to pose a threat, or that contains groups or organizations that pose a threat, to the national security of the United States. (iii) P
REREQUISITE .—The required clear-ances and screenings described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii) shall be completed before the alien may be granted contingent non-immigrant status. (9) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—No information provided in a nonfraudulent ap-plication for contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus which is related to the immigration sta-tus of the parent of an applicant for such status, which is not otherwise available to the Secretary of Homeland Security, may be used for the purpose of initiating or pro-ceeding with removal proceedings with re-spect to such a parent. (d) W
ORK AUTHORIZATION RENEWALS .—Be- ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which an alien’s application for contingent non-immigrant status has been finally adju-dicated, the Secretary shall, upon the appli-cation of an alien— (1) renew the employment authorization for an alien who possesses an Employment Authorization Document that was valid on the date of the enactment of this Act, and that was issued pursuant to the June 15, 2012, U.S. Department of Homeland Security Memorandum entitled, ‘‘Exercising Prosecu-torial Discretion With Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’ who demonstrates economic necessity; and (2) grant employment authorization to an alien who appears prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status, who at-tains the age of 15 after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and who demonstrates economic necessity. 
SEC. 1103. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONDI-TIONAL NONIMMIGRANT STATUS. 
(a) D URATION OF STATUS AND EXTENSION .— The initial period of contingent non-immigrant status— (1) shall be 6 years unless revoked pursuant to subsection (d); and (2) may be extended for additional 6-year terms if— (A) the alien remains eligible for contin-gent nonimmigrant status under paragraphs (1), (2), and (4) of section 1102(b) (other than with regard to the requirement under para-graph (4)(J) of such subsection); (B) the alien again passes background checks equivalent to the background checks described in section 1102(c)(9); and (C) such status was not revoked by the Secretary for any reason. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTINGENT  N
ONIMMIGRANT STATUS .— (1) W
ORK AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall grant employment authorization to an alien granted contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus who demonstrates economic necessity. (2) T
RAVEL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5470 June 21, 2018 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The status of a contin-gent nonimmigrant who is absent from the United States without authorization shall be subject to revocation under subsection (d). (B) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may authorize a contingent nonimmigrant to travel outside the United States and shall grant the contingent nonimmigrant reentry provided that the contingent non-immigrant— (i) was not absent from the United States for a continuous period in excess of 180 days during each 6-year period that the alien is in contingent nonimmigrant status, unless the contingent nonimmigrant’s failure to return was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the individual’s control or as part of the alien’s active duty service in the Armed Forces of the United States; and (ii) is otherwise admissible to the United States, except as provided in section 1102(b)(4)(E). (C) S
TUDY ABROAD .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (B)(i), in the case of a contingent nonimmigrant who was absent from the United States for participation in a study abroad program offered by an institution of higher education (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)), 60 of such days shall not be counted towards the period described in such subparagraph. (3) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR COVERAGE THROUGH  
HEALTH EXCHANGES .—In applying section 1312(f)(3) of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18032(f)(3)), a contingent nonimmigrant shall not be treat-ed as an individual who is, or is reasonably expected to be, a citizen or national of the United States or an alien lawfully present in the United States. (4) F
EDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL PUBLIC BEN -
EFITS .—For purposes of title IV of the Per-sonal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), a contingent nonimmigrant shall not be considered a qualified alien under the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (5) A
UTHORIZATION FOR ENLISTMENT .—Sec- tion 504(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) A contingent nonimmigrant (as such term is defined in section 1101 of division B of the Border Security and Immigration Re-form Act of 2018).’’. (c) R
EVOCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-voke the status of a contingent non-immigrant at any time if the alien— (A) no longer meets the eligibility require-ments set forth in section 1102(b)(2)(D), (3), (4)(A) through (D), (4)(E) through (I), and (4)(N); (B) knowingly uses documentation issued under this section for an unlawful or fraudu-lent purpose; or (C) was absent from the United States at any time without authorization after being granted contingent nonimmigrant status. (2) A
DDITIONAL EVIDENCE .—In determining whether to revoke an alien’s status under paragraph (1), the Secretary may require the alien— (A) to submit additional evidence; or (B) to appear for an in-person interview. (3) I
NVALIDATION OF DOCUMENTATION .—If an alien’s contingent nonimmigrant status is revoked under paragraph (1), any documenta-tion issued by the Secretary to such alien under this section shall automatically be rendered invalid for any purpose except for departure from the United States. 
SEC. 1104. ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS. 
Beginning on the date that is 5 years after an alien becomes a contingent non-immigrant, if that alien retains status as a contingent nonimmigrant, then in applying section 245 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)) to the alien— (1) such alien shall be deemed to have been inspected and admitted into the United States; and (2) in determining the alien’s admissibility as an immigrant, paragraphs (5)(A), (6)(A), (6)(D), (6)(G), (7), (9)(B), and (9)(C)(i)(I) of sec-tion 212(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) shall not apply. SEC. 1105. ADMINISTRATIVE AND JUDICIAL RE-VIEW. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— Administrative review of a determination of an application for status, extension of sta-tus, or revocation of status under this divi-sion shall be conducted solely in accordance with this section. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPELLATE REVIEW .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE AP -
PELLATE AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall es-tablish or designate an appellate authority to provide for a single level of administra-tive appellate review of a determination with respect to applications for status, ex-tension of status, or revocation of status under this division. (2) S
INGLE APPEAL FOR EACH ADMINISTRA -
TIVE DECISION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien in the United States whose application for status under this division has been denied or revoked may file with the Secretary not more than 1 ap-peal, pursuant to this subsection, of each de-cision to deny or revoke such status. (B) N
OTICE OF APPEAL .—A notice of appeal filed under this subparagraph shall be filed not later than 30 calendar days after the date of service of the decision of denial or revoca-tion. (3) R
ECORD FOR REVIEW .—Administrative appellate review under this subsection shall be de novo and based only on— (A) the administrative record established at the time of the determination on the ap-plication; and (B) any additional newly discovered or pre-viously unavailable evidence. (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) A
PPLICABLE PROVISIONS .—Judicial re-view of an administratively final denial or revocation of, or failure to extend, an appli-cation for status under this division shall be governed only by chapter 158 of title 28, ex-cept as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection, and except that a court may not order the taking of additional evidence under section 2347(c) of such chapter. (2) S
INGLE APPEAL FOR EACH ADMINISTRA -
TIVE DECISION .—An alien in the United States whose application for status under this divi-sion has been denied, revoked, or failed to be extended, may file not more than 1 appeal, pursuant to this subsection, of each decision to deny or revoke such status. (3) L
IMITATION ON CIVIL ACTIONS .— (A) C
LASS ACTIONS .—No court may certify a class under Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in any civil action filed after the date of the enactment of this Act per-taining to the administration or enforce-ment of the application for status under this division. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR AN ORDER GRANTING  
PROSPECTIVE RELIEF AGAINST THE GOVERN -
MENT .—If a court determines that prospec-tive relief should be ordered against the Gov-ernment in any civil action pertaining to the administration or enforcement of the appli-cation for status under this division, the court shall— (i) limit the relief to the minimum nec-essary to correct the violation of law; (ii) adopt the least intrusive means to cor-rect the violation of law; (iii) minimize, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, the adverse impact on national secu-rity, border security, immigration adminis-tration and enforcement, and public safety; (iv) provide for the expiration of the relief on a specific date, which allows for the min-imum practical time needed to remedy the violation; and (v) limit the relief to the case at issue and shall not extend any prospective relief to in-clude any other application for status under this division pending before the Secretary or in a Federal court (whether in the same or another jurisdiction). SEC. 1106. PENALTIES AND SIGNATURE REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) P ENALTIES FOR FALSE STATEMENTS IN  A
PPLICATIONS .—Whoever files an initial or renewal application for contingent non-immigrant status under this division and knowingly and willfully falsifies, misrepre-sents, conceals, or covers up a material fact or makes any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations, or makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry, shall be fined in accordance with title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. (b) S
IGNATURE REQUIREMENTS .—An appli-cant under this division shall sign their ap-plication, and the signature shall be an origi-nal signature, including an electronically submitted signature. A parent or legal guardian may sign for a child or for an appli-cant whose physical or developmental dis-ability or mental impairment prevents the applicant from being competent to sign. In such a case, the filing shall include evidence of parentage or legal guardianship. 
SEC. 1107. RULEMAKING. 
Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary shall make interim final rules to implement this title. 
SEC. 1108. STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION. 
Except as specifically provided, nothing in this division may be construed to create any substantive or procedural right or benefit that is legally enforceable by any party against the United States or its agencies or officers or any other person. 
SEC. 1109. ADDITION OF DEFINITION. 
Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(54) The term ‘contingent nonimmigrant’ has the meaning given that term in section 1101(b)(2) of division B of the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018.’’. TITLE II—IMMIGRANT VISA ALLOCATIONS AND PRIORITIES 
SEC. 2101. ELIMINATION OF DIVERSITY VISA PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 201— (A) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph (3); (B) by striking subsection (e); (2) in section 203— (A) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV), by strik-ing ‘‘section 203(b)(2)(B)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; (C) in subsection (e), by striking paragraph (2); (D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of this section’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5471 June 21, 2018 
(E) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a), (b), and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a) and (b)’’; and (F) in subsection (h)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; and (3) in section 204(a)(1), by striking subpara-graph (I). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. 
SEC. 2102. NUMERICAL LIMITATION TO ANY SIN-GLE FOREIGN STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AND EMPLOYMENT -BASED ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5),’’ and in-serting ‘‘(3) and (4),’’; (3) by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘7’’ and inserting ‘‘15’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘such subsections’’ and in-serting ‘‘such section’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 202 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘both subsections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; (2) in subsection (a)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (D); (3) by striking subsection (a)(5); and (4) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES AT  C
EILING .—If it is determined that the total number of immigrant visas made available under section 203(a) to natives of any single foreign state or dependent area will exceed the numerical limitation specified in sub-section (a)(2) in any fiscal year, in deter-mining the allotment of immigrant visa numbers to natives under section 203(a), visa numbers with respect to natives of that state or area shall be allocated (to the extent prac-ticable and otherwise consistent with this section and section 203) in a manner so that, except as provided in subsection (a)(4), the proportion of the visa numbers made avail-able under each of paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 203(a) is equal to the ratio of the total number of visas made available under the respective paragraph to the total number of visas made available under section 203(a).’’. (c) C
OUNTRY -SPECIFIC OFFSET .—Section 2 of the Chinese Student Protection Act of 1992 (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e))’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d))’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and redesig-nating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (d) T
RANSITION RULES FOR EMPLOYMENT - 
BASED IMMIGRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the succeeding paragraphs of this subsection and notwith-standing title II of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.), the fol-lowing rules shall apply: (A) For fiscal year 2019, 15 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) shall be allotted to immigrants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the two states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2018 under such para-graphs. (B) For fiscal year 2020, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the two states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2019 under such paragraphs. (C) For fiscal year 2021, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the two states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2020 under such paragraphs. (2) PER-COUNTRY LEVELS .— (A) R
ESERVED VISAS .—With respect to the visas reserved under each of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the number of such visas made available to natives of any single foreign state or dependent area in the appropriate fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas. (B) U
NRESERVED VISAS .—With respect to the immigrant visas made available under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) and not reserved under paragraph (1), for each of fis-cal years 2019, 2020, and 2021, not more than 85 percent shall be allotted to immigrants who are natives of any single foreign state. (3) S
PECIAL RULE TO PREVENT UNUSED  
VISAS .—If, with respect to fiscal year 2019, 2020, or 2021, the operation of paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection would prevent the total number of immigrant visas made avail-able under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 203(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) from being issued, such visas may be issued during the remainder of such fiscal year without re-gard to paragraphs (1) and (2) of this sub-section. (4) R
ULES FOR CHARGEABILITY .—Section 202(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(b)) shall apply in determining the foreign state to which an alien is chargeable for purposes of this subsection. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on September 30, 2018, and shall apply to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 2103. FAMILY-SPONSORED IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) P
ROCEDURE FOR GRANTING IMMIGRANT  
STATUS .—Section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (3), or (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by redesig-nating the second subclause (I) as subclause (II); and (iii) in subparagraph (D)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or (2)’’; and (B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘, 203(a)(1), or 203(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 203(a)(1)’’. (2) W
AIVERS OF INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended in subsection (d)(11), by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (4) thereof)’’. (3) R
ULES FOR DETERMINING WHETHER CER -
TAIN ALIENS ARE IMMEDIATE RELATIVES .—Sec- tion 201(f) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(f)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3); and (C) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) and (2)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. (2) I
NVALIDITY OF CERTAIN PETITIONS AND  
APPLICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No person may file, and the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State may not accept, adju-dicate, or approve any petition under section 204 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) filed on or after the date of en-actment of this Act seeking classification of an alien under section 203(a)(3) or (4) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)). Any application for ad-justment of status or an immigrant visa based on such a petition shall be invalid. (B) P
ENDING PETITIONS .—Neither the Sec-retary of Homeland Security nor the Sec-retary of State may adjudicate or approve any petition under section 204 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) pending as of the date of enactment of this Act seeking classification of an alien under section 203(a)(3) or (4) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)). Any application for adjustment of status or an immigrant visa based on such a petition shall be invalid. (3) A
PPLICABILITY TO WAITLISTED APPLI -
CANTS .—An alien with regard to whom a pe-tition or application for status under para-graph (3) or (4) of section 203(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)), was approved prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, may be issued a visa pursuant to that paragraph subject to the availability of visas allocated to that cat-egory for fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 2104. ALLOCATION OF IMMIGRANT VISAS FOR CONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANTS AND CHILDREN OF CERTAIN NON-IMMIGRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153), as amended by this title, is further amend-ed— (1) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR CONTINGENT NON-
IMMIGRANTS AND CHILDREN OF CERTAIN NON-
IMMIGRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens subject to the worldwide level specified in section 201(e) for immigrants who shall be allotted visas in ac-cordance with section 204(a)(1)(I) are— ‘‘(A) contingent nonimmigrants; and ‘‘(B) aliens described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) A
LIENS DESCRIBED .—An alien described in this paragraph is an alien who— ‘‘(A) is the son or daughter of an alien ad-mitted under— ‘‘(i) section 101(a)(15)(E)(i) or (E)(ii); ‘‘(ii) section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b); or ‘‘(iii) section 101(a)(15)(L); ‘‘(B) initially entered the United States aged less than 16 years as a dependent of the parent described in subparagraph (A) while the parent was in such status; ‘‘(C) maintained— ‘‘(i) lawful status for the 10-year period prior to the date of the enactment of the Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018; and ‘‘(ii) continuous physical presence in the United States (except in accordance with the terms of the alien’s visa or lawful status) for the period described in clause (i); and ‘‘(D) was not in an unlawful immigration status on the date on which the alien sub-mits a petition for an immigrant visa under section 204(a)(1)(I). ‘‘(3) P
OINT SYSTEM .—An alien seeking to be classified as an immigrant under this sub-section shall submit a petition, in such form and manner as the Secretary of Homeland Security may require, setting forth such in-formation as the Secretary may require in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5472 June 21, 2018 
order to make awards of points for that peti-tioner in each of the following categories: ‘‘(A) E
DUCATION .—A petitioner shall be awarded points for a single degree, equal to the highest point award of the following for which the petitioner is eligible: ‘‘(i) 4 points for a diploma or degree from a foreign school that is comparable to a high school in the United States. ‘‘(ii) 6 points for a diploma or degree from a high school in the United States, or the equivalent of such a diploma as recognized under State law (such as a general equiva-lency diploma, certificate of completion, or certificate of attendance). ‘‘(iii) 8 points for an associate’s degree (or the equivalent) from a foreign institution that is comparable to an institution of high-er education in the United States. ‘‘(iv) 10 points for an associate’s degree from an institution of higher education in the United States. ‘‘(v) 12 points for a bachelor’s degree (or the equivalent) from a foreign institution that is comparable to an institution of high-er education in the United States. ‘‘(vi) 15 points for a degree from for a rec-ognized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102), including a certificate of completion of an apprentice-ship (including an apprenticeships registered under the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly known as the ‘National Apprenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.)), except that such term does not include an associate’s or bachelor’s degree). ‘‘(vii) 15 points for a bachelor’s degree from an institution of higher education in the United States. ‘‘(viii) 15 points for a graduate or profes-sional degree (or the equivalent) from a for-eign institution that is comparable to an in-stitution of higher education in the United States. ‘‘(ix) 17 points for a degree described in clause (v), which is in a field of science, tech-nology, engineering, or mathematics. ‘‘(x) 17 points for a graduate or professional degree from an institution of higher edu-cation in the United States. ‘‘(xi) 22 points for a degree described in clause (vii), which is in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. ‘‘(xii) 24 points for a degree described in clause (viii) or (x), which is in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathe-matics. ‘‘(xiii) 26 points for a doctoral degree (or the equivalent) from a foreign institution that is comparable to an institution of high-er education in the United States. ‘‘(xiv) 28 points for a doctoral degree from an institution of higher education in the United States. ‘‘(xv) 30 points for a degree described in clause (x), which is in a field of science, tech-nology, engineering, or mathematics from a covered institution. ‘‘(xvi) 30 points for a doctorate of medicine (or the equivalent) from a foreign graduate medical school that is comparable to a grad-uate medical school at an institution of higher education in the United States. ‘‘(xvii) 34 points for a degree described in clause (xiii) or (xiv), which is in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathe-matics. ‘‘(xviii) 34 points for a doctorate of medi-cine from graduate medical school at an in-stitution of higher education in the United States. ‘‘(xix) 40 points for a degree described in clause (xiv), which is in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics from a covered institution. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYMENT .—A petitioner shall be awarded points for each 2-year period in which the petitioner is employed on a full- time basis, equal to 1⁄3of the points awarded under subparagraph (A) for the lowest degree that is required for any position held during such period. In the case of a position for which no degree is required, the position shall be considered to require a diploma or degree described in subparagraph (A)(ii). A single period of not more than 2 weeks dur-ing which a petitioner is unemployed, but is in receipt of a job offer, shall not be consid-ered to interrupt a period of employment. ‘‘(C) M
ILITARY SERVICE .—A petitioner shall be awarded points for service in the Armed Forces equal to 30 points for any alien who served as a member of a regular or reserve component of the Armed Forces in an active duty status for not less than 3 years, and, if discharged, received a discharge other than dishonorable. ‘‘(D) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY .—A petitioner shall be awarded points for English proficiency equal to the highest of the following for which the petitioner is eli-gible: ‘‘(i) 2 points for a score in the 5th decile on an English language proficiency test. ‘‘(ii) 6 points for a score in the 6th decile on an English language proficiency test. ‘‘(iii) 7 points for a score in the 7th decile on an English language proficiency test. ‘‘(iv) 8 points for a score in the 8th decile on an English language proficiency test. ‘‘(v) 9 points for a score in the 9th decile on an English language proficiency test. ‘‘(vi) 10 points for a score in the 10th decile on an English language proficiency test. ‘‘(4) T
OTAL POINT SCORE ; SUBSEQUENT SUB -
MISSIONS ; VERIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) T
OTAL POINT SCORE .—The total point score for a petitioner is equal to sum of the points awarded under each of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT SUBMISSIONS .—The alien may amend the petition under this sub-section at any point after the initial filing to provide information for purposes of new point awards for which the alien may be eli-gible. ‘‘(C) D
URATION OF PETITION VALIDITY .—A petition under this subsection shall be valid— ‘‘(i) in the case of a petition that is denied, the date of such denial; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a petition that is grant-ed, the date on which a visa has been issued pursuant to such petition. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFICATION .—Prior to the issuance of any visa under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall verify that the information in the petition remains accurate as of the time of the visa issuance. ‘‘(E) C
LARIFICATION .—A petition may not be denied for the failure of a petitioner to at-tain the minimum number of points required under subsection (e)(2). ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY  
TEST.—The term ‘English language pro-ficiency test’ means any test to measure English proficiency that has been approved by the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Im-migration Services, in consultation with the Secretary of Education. ‘‘(B) F
IELD OF SCIENCE , TECHNOLOGY , ENGI-
NEERING , OR MATHEMATICS .—The term ‘field of science, technology, engineering, or math-ematics’ means a field included in the De-partment of Education’s Classification of In-structional Programs taxonomy within the summary groups of computer and informa-tion sciences and support services, engineer-ing, biological and biomedical sciences, mathematics and statistics, physical sciences, and the series geography and car-tography (series 45.07), advanced/graduate dentistry and oral sciences (series 51.05) and nursing (series 51.38). ‘‘(C) HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ has the meaning given such term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(D) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given that term in section 102(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)(1)), except that such term does not include an institution outside the United States described in subparagraph (C) of such section. ‘‘(E) C
OVERED INSTITUTION .—The term ‘cov-ered institution’ means an institution that— ‘‘(i) is an institution of higher education; ‘‘(ii) as classified by the Carnegie Founda-tion for the Advancement of Teaching on January 1, 2019, as a doctorate-granting uni-versity with a very high or high level of re-search activity or classified by the National Science Foundation after the date of enact-ment of this paragraph, pursuant to an appli-cation by the institution, as having equiva-lent research activity to those institutions that had been classified by the Carnegie Foundation as being doctorate-granting uni-versities with a very high or high level of re-search activity; and ‘‘(iii) has been in existence for at least 10 years. ‘‘(F) F
ULL-TIME.—The term ‘full-time’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of an individual who is not described in clause (ii), not less than 35 hours per week; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of an individual who is en-rolled in and is in regular attendance at a high school or institution of education with-in the United States, or who is the primary caregiver of— ‘‘(I) a child under 18 years of age; or ‘‘(II) a child 18 years of age or over, spouse, parent, grandparent, or sibling, who is in-capable of self-care because of a mental or physical disability or who has a serious in-jury or illness (as such term is defined in sec-tion 101(18) of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (29 U.S.C. 2611(18))), not less than 20 hours per week.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by inserting after paragraph (1), the following: ‘‘(2) Immigrant visas made available under subsection (c) shall be issued in accordance with the following: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall, periodically but not less than once each fiscal year, make final determinations with regard to that period of the point val-ues allocated to applicants in accordance with subsection (c)(3) through (5). ‘‘(B) The Secretary shall first determine the applicant who is described under sub-section (c)(2) who is the son or daughter of an alien admitted under section 101(a)(15)(E)(i) or (ii) and who has the highest total point score greater than 12 calculated for that period under subsection (c)(4)(A) of all such applicants, and shall issue a visa to such applicant. ‘‘(C) The Secretary shall next determine the applicant who is described under sub-section (c)(2) who is the son or daughter of an alien admitted under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) and who has the highest total point score greater than 12 calculated for that period under subsection (c)(4)(A) of all such applicants, and shall issue a visa to such applicant. ‘‘(D) The Secretary shall next determine the applicant who is described under sub-section (c)(2) who is the son or daughter of an alien admitted under section 101(a)(15)(L) and who has the highest total point score greater than 12 calculated for that period under subsection (c)(4)(A) of all such appli-cants, and shall issue a visa to such appli-cant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5473 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(E) The Secretary shall next determine the applicant who is described under sub-section (c)(2) who is a contingent non-immigrant and who has the highest total point score greater than 12 calculated for that period under subsection (c)(4)(A) of all such applicants, and shall issue a visa to such applicant. ‘‘(F) The Secretary shall then repeat the process specified in subparagraphs (B) through (E) until all visas made available for that period have been issued. If no applicants remain for any such category, the Secretary shall exclude that category from further con-sideration for that period. ‘‘(G) In any case in which more than one petitioner in a category under this para-graph has the same total point score, the Secretary shall issue the visa to the appli-cant whose petition was filed earliest. ‘‘(H) No petitioner with a total point score which is less than 12 may be issued a visa under this paragraph.’’. (b) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL .—Section 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151), as amended by this title, is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) for fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2025, immigrants who are aliens de-scribed in section 203(c) in a number not to exceed in any fiscal year the number speci-fied in subsection (e) for that year, and not to exceed in any of the first 3 quarters of any fiscal year 27 percent of the worldwide level under such subsection for all of such fiscal year.’’. (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL FOR CONTINGENT  N
ONIMMIGRANTS AND CERTAIN CHILDREN OF  N
ONIMMIGRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The worldwide level of immigrants who may receive a visa under section 203(c) is equal to— ‘‘(A) 470,400 for fiscal year 2025; and ‘‘(B) for each fiscal year thereafter, any visas under this subsection for the prior fis-cal year that are unused, plus the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 78,400; and ‘‘(ii) the number calculated under para-graph (3) for the fiscal year. ‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION OF TOTAL ELIGIBLE  
POOL .—The number calculated under this paragraph is equal to— ‘‘(A) the number of applications received by the Secretary under section 1102(c) of di-vision B of the Border Security and Immi-gration Reform Act of 2018 during the appli-cation period set forth in such section, plus ‘‘(B) the number of petitions filed by an alien described in section 203(c)(2) during the period set forth in section 204(a)(1)(I)(ii)(II). ‘‘(3) N
UMBER OF VISAS REMAINING TO BE  
PLACE IN ESCROW .—The number calculated under this paragraph for a fiscal year is equal to the number calculated under para-graph (2), less the total number of visas issued under section 203(c) during the period beginning on October 1, 2024 and ending on the last day of the prior fiscal year.’’. (c) P
ROCEDURE FOR GRANTING IMMIGRANT  S
TATUS .—Section 204(a)(1) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(a)(1)), as amended by this title, is further amended by inserting after subparagraph (H) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I)(i) A contingent nonimmigrant or an alien described in section 203(c)(2) desiring to be provided an immigrant visa under section 203(c) (including such an alien who is under 18 years of age) may file a petition during the period described in clause (ii) at the place determined by the Secretary of Home-land Security by regulation. ‘‘(ii)(I) A contingent nonimmigrant may file a petition for an immigrant visa under section 203(c) during the period beginning on the date on which the alien obtained contin-gent nonimmigrant status under section 1103(a) of the Border Security and Immigra-tion Reform Act of 2018, and ending on the date that is 5 years after such date. ‘‘(II) An alien described in section 203(c)(2) may file a petition for an immigrant visa under section 203(c) during the period begin-ning on October 1, 2019, and ending on Octo-ber 1, 2020. Such an alien may file such a pe-tition from outside the United States.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2019. 
SEC. 2105. SUNSET OF ADJUSTMENT VISAS FOR CONDITIONAL NONIMMIGRANTS AND CHILDREN OF CERTAIN NON-IMMIGRANTS. 
(a) S UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended by striking subsection (c). (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 201— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); and (ii) by striking subsection (e); (B) in section 203(e), by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (C) in section 204— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking subpara-graph (I); and (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of section 203’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on the first day of the first full fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2025 and after the date on which no alien has a petition for an immigrant visa or adjust-ment of status under section 203(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(c)), or any appeal pertaining to such pe-tition, pending. (4) E
SCROW FOR PENDING APPLICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—On the date of the effec-tive date of this subsection, a number of im-migrant visas equal to any visas under sec-tion 203(c)(2) for the prior fiscal year that are unused shall be made available for award to covered aliens in accordance with section 203(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as in effect on the date that is 1 day prior to the effective date of this subsection. (B) C
OVERED ALIEN .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘‘covered alien’’ means an alien who— (i) on the date on which the application pe-riod under section 204(a)(1)(I) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, as in effect on the day prior to the effective date of this subsection, ended had an application pending for contingent nonimmigrant status; and (ii) was granted contingent nonimmigrant status on or after the effective date of this subsection. (b) R
EALLOCATION OF 4THPRIORITY FAMILY  V
ISAS TO EMPLOYMENT CATEGORIES .— (1) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL OF EMPLOYMENT - 
BASED IMMIGRANTS .—Section 201(d) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL OF EMPLOYMENT - 
BASED IMMIGRANTS .—The worldwide level of employment-based immigrants under this subsection for a fiscal year is equal to 205,000 (except that for fiscal year 2020, such level is equal to 204,100).’’. (2) P
REFERENCE ALLOCATION FOR EMPLOY -
MENT -BASED IMMIGRANTS .—Section 203(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent of such worldwide level’’ and insert-ing ‘‘60,040 (except that for fiscal year 2020, such number is equal to 59,740)’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent of such worldwide level’’ and insert-ing ‘‘60,040 (except that for fiscal year 2020, such number is equal to 59,740)’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent of such worldwide level’’ and insert-ing ‘‘60,040 (except that for fiscal year 2020, such number is equal to 59,740)’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘7.1 per-cent of such worldwide level’’ and inserting ‘‘14,940’’; and (E) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘7.1 percent of such worldwide level’’ and insert-ing ‘‘9,940’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect beginning on October 1, 2019. 
SEC. 2106. IMPLEMENTATION. 
Not later than September 30, 2019, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall publish interim final rules implementing this title and the amendments made by this title. 
SEC. 2107. REPEAL OF SUSPENSION OF DEPORTA-TION AND ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR CERTAIN ALIENS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF TEMPORARY REDUCTION OF  V
ISAS.—Section 203 of the Nicaraguan Ad-justment and Central American Relief Act is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d) (8 U.S.C. 1151 note); and (2) by striking subsection (e) (8 U.S.C. 1153 note). (b) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN TRANSITION RULE.— Section 309 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–208; division C; 8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(5), by striking subpara-graph (C); (2) by striking subsection (f); (3) by striking subsection (g); and (4) by striking subsection (h). (c) R
EPEAL OF EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN  A
LIENS FROM ANNUAL LIMITATION ON CAN-
CELLATION OF REMOVALS .—Paragraph (3) of section 240A(e) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229b(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ALIENS .—Para- graph (1) shall not apply to aliens in deporta-tion proceedings prior to April 1, 1997, who applied for suspension of deportation under section 244(a)(3) (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996).’’. (d) T
RANSITION RULE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2019. TITLE III—UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHIL-DREN; INTERIOR IMMIGRATION EN-FORCEMENT 
SEC. 3101. REPATRIATION OF UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending the heading to read as fol-lows: ‘‘R
ULES FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHIL -
DREN .—’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘who is a national or habitual resi-dent of a country that is contiguous with the United States’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5474 June 21, 2018 
(III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (IV) by striking clause (iii); (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.)—’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting before ‘‘per-mit such child to withdraw’’ the following: ‘‘may’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting before ‘‘re-turn such child’’ the following: ‘‘shall’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending the heading to read as fol-lows: ‘‘A
GREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .—’’; and (II) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State shall nego-tiate agreements between the United States and countries contiguous to the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of State may negotiate agreements between the United States and any foreign country that the Secretary determines appropriate’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively, and inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR INTERVIEWING UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .—An unaccom-panied alien child shall be interviewed by a dedicated U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services immigration officer with special-ized training in interviewing child traf-ficking victims. Such officer shall be in plain clothes and shall not carry a weapon. The interview shall occur in a private room.’’; and (C) in paragraph (6)(D) (as so redesig-nated)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘, except for an unaccompanied alien child from a contiguous country sub-ject to exceptions under subsection (a)(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘who does not meet the cri-teria listed in paragraph (2)(A)’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, which shall include a hearing before an immigra-tion judge not later than 14 days after being screened under paragraph (4)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘believed not to meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘and does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘an unac-companied alien child in custody shall’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘an unaccompanied alien child in custody— ‘‘(A) in the case of a child who does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), shall transfer the custody of such child to the Secretary of Health and Human Services not later than 30 days after deter-mining that such child is an unaccompanied alien child who does not meet such criteria; or ‘‘(B) in the case of child who meets the cri-teria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), may transfer the custody of such child to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services after determining that such child is an unaccom-panied alien child who meets such criteria.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUALS WITH  
WHOM CHILDREN ARE PLACED .— ‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO HOME -
LAND SECURITY .—Before placing a child with an individual, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, regarding the individual with whom the child will be placed, the following information: ‘‘(I) The name of the individual. ‘‘(II) The social security number of the in-dividual, if available. ‘‘(III) The date of birth of the individual. ‘‘(IV) The location of the individual’s resi-dence where the child will be placed. ‘‘(V) The immigration status of the indi-vidual, if known. ‘‘(VI) Contact information for the indi-vidual. ‘‘(ii) SPECIAL RULE .—In the case of a child who was apprehended on or after the effec-tive date of this clause, and before the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, who the Secretary of Health and Human Services placed with an individual, the Secretary shall provide the information listed in clause (i) to the Secretary of Homeland Security not later than 90 days after such date of en-actment.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘to the greatest ex-tent practicable’’ the following: ‘‘(at no ex-pense to the Government)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘have counsel to represent them’’ and inserting ‘‘have access to counsel to represent them’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any un-accompanied alien child apprehended on or after the date of enactment. 
SEC. 3102. CLARIFICATION OF STANDARDS FOR FAMILY DETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) C
ONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, judicial determina-tion, consent decree, or settlement agree-ment, the detention of any alien child who is not an unaccompanied alien child shall be governed by sections 217, 235, 236, and 241 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187, 1225, 1226, and 1231). There exists no presumption that an alien child who is not an unaccompanied alien child should not be detained, and all such determinations shall be in the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF MINORS OTHER THAN UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIENS .—In no circumstances shall an alien minor who is not an unaccom-panied alien child be released by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security other than to a parent or legal guardian. ‘‘(3) F
AMILY DETENTION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— ‘‘(A) maintain the care and custody of an alien, during the period during which the charges described in clause (i) are pending, who— ‘‘(i) is charged only with a misdemeanor of-fense under section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)); and ‘‘(ii) entered the United States with the alien’s child who has not attained 18 years of age; and ‘‘(B) detain the alien with the alien’s child.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to all actions that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) P
REEMPTION OF STATE LICENSING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, judicial determination, con-sent decree, or settlement agreement, no State may require that an immigration de-tention facility used to detain children who have not attained 18 years of age, or families consisting of one or more of such children and the parents or legal guardians of such children, that is located in that State, be li-censed by the State or any political subdivi-sion thereof. SEC. 3103. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears, except for the first ref-erence in paragraph (4)(B)(i), and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal period begins on the latest of the following: ‘‘(i) The date the order of removal becomes administratively final. ‘‘(ii) If the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date the order of re-moval becomes administratively final, the date the alien is taken into such custody. ‘‘(iii) If the alien is detained or confined (except under an immigration process) on the date the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final, the date the alien is taken into the custody of the Secretary, after the alien is released from such deten-tion or confinement.’’; (3) in paragraph (1), by amending subpara-graph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) E
XTENSION .—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period if— ‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; ‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; ‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or ‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). ‘‘(ii) R
ENEWAL .—If the removal period has been extended under subparagraph (C)(i), a new removal period shall be deemed to have begun on the date— ‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; ‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-fect; or ‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—In the case of an alien described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 236(c)(1), the Secretary shall keep that alien in detention during the extended period de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may seek relief from detention under this sub-paragraph only by filing an application for a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5475 June 21, 2018 
writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) by adding after ‘‘If the alien does not leave or is not removed within the removal period’’ the following: ‘‘or is not detained pursuant to paragraph (6) of this sub-section’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien, in order to prevent the alien from absconding, for the protection of the community, or for other purposes related to the enforcement of the immigration laws.’’; (5) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (6) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .—For an alien who is not otherwise subject to mandatory detention, who has made all reasonable ef-forts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary of Home-land Security’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who has not conspired or acted to prevent re-moval, the Secretary shall establish an ad-ministrative review process to determine whether the alien should be detained or re-leased on conditions. The Secretary shall make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B). The determination shall include consideration of any evidence submitted by the alien, and may include con-sideration of any other evidence, including any information or assistance provided by the Secretary of State or other Federal offi-cial and any other information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in the exercise of the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, may continue to de-tain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the re-moval period as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subparagraph shall have no right to seek release on bond. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s sole discretion, may con-tinue to detain an alien beyond the 90 days authorized in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines that there is a significant likeli-hood that the alien— ‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; or ‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future, or would have been re-moved, but for the alien’s failure or refusal to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to cooperate fully with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, or con-spires or acts to prevent removal; ‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; ‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; ‘‘(cc) based on information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or ‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or any person, and either (AA)— ‘‘(AA) the alien has been convicted of (aaa) one or more aggravated felonies (as de-fined in section 101(a)(43)(A)), (bbb) one or more crimes identified by the Secretary of Homeland Security by regulation, if the ag-gregate term of imprisonment for such crimes is at least 5 years, or (ccc) one or more attempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identi-fied crimes, if the aggregate term of impris-onment for such attempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or ‘‘(BB) the alien has committed one or more violent crimes (as referred to in section 101(a)(43)(F), but not including a purely po-litical offense) and, because of a mental con-dition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of vio-lence in the future; or ‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-clause (II), so long as the Secretary of Home-land Security has initiated the administra-tive review process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod, as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). ‘‘(iii) NO RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall have no right to seek release on bond, including by reason of a certifi-cation under clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(i) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months, after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 103, the Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), (cc), or (dd) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may request that the Attorney General or the Attorney General’s designee provide for a hearing to make the determina-tion described in item (dd)(BB) of subpara-graph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s discretion, may impose condi-tions on release as provided in paragraph (3). ‘‘(E) REDETENTION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s discretion, without any limita-tions other than those specified in this sec-tion, may again detain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody, if removal becomes likely in the reasonably foreseeable future, the alien fails to comply with the conditions of release, or to continue to satisfy the conditions de-scribed in subparagraph (A), or if, upon re-consideration, the Secretary, in the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). This section shall apply to any alien re-turned to custody pursuant to this subpara-graph, as if the removal period terminated on the day of the redetention. ‘‘(F) R
EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. 3104. DEFINITION OF AGGRAVATED FELONY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(43) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the term ‘aggravated felony’ means any offense, whether in violation of Federal, State, or foreign law, that is described in this paragraph. An offense described in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) homicide (including murder in any de-gree, manslaughter, and vehicular man-slaughter), rape (whether the victim was conscious or unconscious), statutory rape, sexual assault or battery, or any offense of a sexual nature involving an intended victim under the age of 18 years (including offenses in which the intended victim was a law en-forcement officer); ‘‘(B)(i) illicit trafficking in a controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act), including a drug trafficking crime (as defined in section 924(c) of title 18, United States Code); or ‘‘(ii) any offense under State law relating to a controlled substance (as so classified under State law) which is classified as a fel-ony in that State regardless of whether the substance is classified as a controlled sub-stance under section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); ‘‘(C) illicit trafficking in firearms or de-structive devices (as defined in section 921 of title 18, United States Code) or in explosive materials (as defined in section 841(c) of that title); ‘‘(D) an offense described in section 1956 of title 18, United States Code (relating to laun-dering of monetary instruments) or section 1957 of that title (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in property derived from specific unlawful activity) if the amount of the funds exceeded $10,000; ‘‘(E) an offense described in— ‘‘(i) section 842 or 844 of title 18, United States Code (relating to explosive materials offenses); ‘‘(ii) section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code (relating to firearms offenses); or ‘‘(iii) section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to firearms offenses); ‘‘(F) a violent crime for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year, including— ‘‘(i) any offense that has an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another; or ‘‘(ii) any other offense in which the record of conviction establishes that the offender used physical force against the person or property of another in the course of commit-ting the offense; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5476 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(G)(i) theft (including theft by deceit, theft by fraud, embezzlement, motor vehicle theft, unauthorized use of a vehicle, or re-ceipt of stolen property), regardless of whether the intended deprivation was tem-porary or permanent, for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year; or ‘‘(ii) burglary for which the term of impris-onment is at least 1 year; ‘‘(H) an offense described in section 875, 876, 877, or 1202 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the demand for or receipt of ran-som); ‘‘(I) an offense involving child pornography or sexual exploitation of a minor (including any offense described in section 2251, 2251A, or 2252 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(J) an offense described in section 1962 of title 18, United States Code (relating to racketeer influenced corrupt organizations), or an offense described in section 1084 (if it is a second or subsequent offense) or 1955 of that title (relating to gambling offenses); ‘‘(K) an offense that— ‘‘(i) relates to the owning, controlling, managing, or supervising of a prostitution business; ‘‘(ii) is described in section 2421, 2422, or 2423 of title 18, United States Code (relating to transportation for the purpose of prostitu-tion) if committed for commercial advan-tage; or ‘‘(iii) is described in any of sections 1581– 1585 or 1588–1591 of title 18, United States Code (relating to peonage, slavery, involun-tary servitude, and trafficking in persons); ‘‘(L) an offense described in— ‘‘(i) section 793 (relating to gathering or transmitting national defense information), 798 (relating to disclosure of classified infor-mation), 2153 (relating to sabotage) or 2381 or 2382 (relating to treason) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 421) (relating to pro-tecting the identity of undercover intel-ligence agents); ‘‘(iii) section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947 (relating to protecting the iden-tity of undercover agents); ‘‘(iv) section 175 (relating to biological weapons) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(v) sections 792 (harboring or concealing persons who violated sections 793 or 794 of title 18, United States Code), 794 (gathering or delivering defense information to aid for-eign government), 795 (photographing and sketching defense installations), 796 (use of aircraft for photographing defense installa-tions), 797 (publication and sale of photo-graphs of defense installations), 799 (viola-tion of NASA regulations for protection of facilities) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(vi) sections 831 (prohibited transactions involving nuclear materials) and 832 (partici-pation in nuclear and weapons of mass de-struction threats to the United States) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(vii) sections 2332a-d, f-h (relating to ter-rorist activities) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(viii) sections 2339 (relating to harboring or concealing terrorists), 2339A (relating to material support to terrorists), 2339B (relat-ing to material support or resources to des-ignated foreign terrorist organizations), 2339C (relating to financing of terrorism), 2339D (relating to receiving military-type training from a terrorist organization) of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(ix) section 1705 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705); or ‘‘(x) section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778); ‘‘(M) an offense that— ‘‘(i) involves fraud or deceit in which the loss to the victim or victims exceeds $10,000; or ‘‘(ii) is described in section 7201 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to tax evasion) in which the revenue loss to the Government exceeds $10,000; ‘‘(N) an offense described in section 274(a) (relating to alien smuggling), except in the case of a first offense for which the alien has affirmatively shown that the alien com-mitted the offense for the purpose of assist-ing, abetting, or aiding only the alien’s spouse, child, or parent (and no other indi-vidual) to violate a provision of this Act; ‘‘(O) an offense described in section 275 or 276 for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year; ‘‘(P) an offense which is described in chap-ter 75 of title 18, United States Code, and for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year; ‘‘(Q) an offense relating to a failure to ap-pear by a defendant for service of sentence if the underlying offense is punishable by im-prisonment for a term of 5 years or more; ‘‘(R) an offense relating to commercial bribery, counterfeiting, forgery, or traf-ficking in vehicles the identification num-bers of which have been altered for which the term of imprisonment is at least one year; ‘‘(S) an offense relating to obstruction of justice, perjury or subornation of perjury, or bribery of a witness; ‘‘(T) an offense relating to a failure to ap-pear before a court pursuant to a court order to answer to or dispose of a charge of a fel-ony for which a sentence of 2 years’ impris-onment or more may be imposed; ‘‘(U) any offense for which the term of im-prisonment imposed was 2 years or more; ‘‘(V) an offense relating to terrorism or na-tional security (including a conviction for a violation of any provision of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(W)(i) a single conviction for driving while intoxicated (including a conviction for driving while under the influence of or im-pairment by alcohol or drugs), when such im-paired driving was a cause of the serious bod-ily injury or death of another person; or ‘‘(ii) a second or subsequent conviction for driving while intoxicated (including a con-viction for driving under the influence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs); or ‘‘(X) an attempt or conspiracy to commit an offense described in this paragraph or aid-ing, abetting, counseling, procuring, com-manding, inducing, facilitating, or soliciting the commission of such an offense. Any determinations under this paragraph shall be made on the basis of the record of conviction. For purposes of this paragraph, a person shall be considered to have com-mitted an aggravated felony if that person has been convicted for 3 or more mis-demeanors not arising out the traffic laws (except for any conviction for driving under the influence or an offense that results in the death or serious bodily injury of another person) or felonies for which the aggregate term of imprisonment imposed was 3 years or more, regardless of whether the convic-tions were all entered pursuant to a single trial or the offenses arose from a single pat-tern or scheme of conduct.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; A PPLICATION OF  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a)— (A) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (B) shall apply to any act or conviction that occurred before, on, or after such date. (2) A
PPLICATION OF IIRIRA AMENDMENTS .— The amendments to section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)) made by section 321 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–627) shall continue to apply, whether the conviction was entered before, on, or after September 30, 1996. SEC. 3105. CRIME OF VIOLENCE. 
Section 16 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 16. Crime of violence defined ‘‘(a) The term ‘crime of violence’ means an offense that— ‘‘(1)(A) is murder, voluntary manslaughter, assault, sexual abuse or aggravated sexual abuse, abusive sexual contact, child abuse, kidnapping, robbery, carjacking, firearms use, burglary, arson, extortion, communica-tion of threats, coercion, unauthorized use of a vehicle, fleeing, interference with flight crew members and attendants, domestic vio-lence, hostage taking, stalking, human traf-ficking, or using weapons of mass destruc-tion; or ‘‘(B) involves use or unlawful possession of explosives or destructive devices described in 5845(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; ‘‘(2) has as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another; or ‘‘(3) is an attempt to commit, conspiracy to commit, solicitation to commit, or aiding and abetting any of the offenses set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2). ‘‘(b) In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘abusive sexual contact’ means conduct described in section 2244(a)(1) and (a)(2). ‘‘(2) The terms ‘aggravated sexual abuse’ and ‘sexual abuse’ mean conduct described in sections 2241 and 2242. For purposes of such conduct, the term ‘sexual act’ means con-duct described in section 2246(2), or the knowing and lewd exposure of genitalia or masturbation, to any person, with an intent to abuse, humiliate, harass, degrade, or arouse or gratify the sexual desire of any person. ‘‘(3) The term ‘assault’ means conduct de-scribed in section 113(a), and includes con-duct committed recklessly, knowingly, or in-tentionally. ‘‘(4) The term ‘arson’ means conduct de-scribed in section 844(i) or unlawfully or will-fully damaging or destroying any building, inhabited structure, vehicle, vessel, or real property by means of fire or explosive. ‘‘(5) The term ‘burglary’ means an unlaw-ful or unprivileged entry into, or remaining in, a building or structure, including any nonpermanent or mobile structure that is adapted or used for overnight accommoda-tion or for the ordinary carrying on of busi-ness, and, either before or after entering, the person— ‘‘(A) forms the intent to commit a crime; or ‘‘(B) commits or attempts to commit a crime. ‘‘(6) The term ‘carjacking’ means conduct described in section 2119, or the unlawful taking of a motor vehicle from the imme-diate actual possession of a person against his will, by means of actual or threatened force, or violence or intimidation, or by sud-den or stealthy seizure or snatching, or fear of injury. ‘‘(7) The term ‘child abuse’ means the un-lawful infliction of physical injury or the commission of any sexual act against a child under fourteen by any person eighteen years of age or older. ‘‘(8) The term ‘communication of threats’ means conduct described in section 844(e), or the transmission of any communications containing any threat of use of violence to— ‘‘(A) demand or request for a ransom or re-ward for the release of any kidnapped person; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5477 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(B) threaten to kidnap or injure the per-son of another. ‘‘(9) The term ‘coercion’ means causing the performance or non-performance of any act by another person which under such other person has a legal right to do or to abstain from doing, through fraud or by the use of actual or threatened force, violence, or fear thereof, including the use, or an express or implicit threat of use, of violence to cause harm, or threats to cause injury to the per-son, reputation or property of any person. ‘‘(10) The term ‘domestic violence’ means any assault committed by a current or former spouse, parent, or guardian of the vic-tim, by a person with whom the victim shares a child in common, by a person who is cohabiting with or has cohabited with the victim as a spouse, parent, or guardian, or by a person similarly situated to a spouse, par-ent, or guardian of the victim ‘‘(11) The term ‘extortion’ means conduct described in section 1951(b)(2)), but not extor-tion under color of official right or fear of economic loss. ‘‘(12) The term ‘firearms use’ means con-duct described in section 924(c) or 929(a), if the firearm was brandished, discharged, or otherwise possessed, carried, or used as a weapon and the crime of violence or drug trafficking crime during and in relation to which the firearm was possessed, carried, or used was subject to prosecution in any court of the United States, State court, military court or tribunal, or tribal court. Such term also includes unlawfully possessing a firearm described in section 5845(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (such as a sawed-off shotgun or sawed-off rifle, silencer, bomb, or machine gun), possession of a firearm de-scribed in section 922(g)(1), 922(g)(2) and 922(g)(4), possession of a firearm with the in-tent to use such firearm unlawfully, or reck-less discharge of a firearm at a dwelling. ‘‘(13) The term ‘fleeing’ means knowingly operating a motor vehicle and, following a law enforcement officer’s signal to bring the motor vehicle to a stop— ‘‘(A) failing or refusing to comply; or ‘‘(B) fleeing or attempting to elude a law enforcement officer. ‘‘(14) The term ‘force’ means the level of force needed or intended to overcome resist-ance. ‘‘(15) The term ‘hostage taking’ means con-duct described in section 1203. ‘‘(16) The term ‘human trafficking’ means conduct described in section 1589, 1590, and 1591. ‘‘(17) The term ‘interference with flight crew members and attendants’ means con-duct described in section 46504 of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(18) The term ‘kidnapping’ means conduct described in section 1201(a)(1) or seizing, con-fining, inveigling, decoying, abducting, or carrying away and holding for ransom or re-ward or otherwise any person. ‘‘(19) The term ‘murder’ means conduct de-scribed as murder in the first degree or mur-der in the second degree described in section 1111. ‘‘(20) the term ‘robbery’ means conduct de-scribed in section 1951(b)(1), or the unlawful taking or obtaining of personal property from the person or in the presence of an-other, against his will, by means of actual or threatened force, or violence or intimida-tion, or by sudden or stealthy seizure or snatching, or fear of injury, immediate or fu-ture, to his person or property, or property in his custody or possession, or the person or property of a relative or member of his fam-ily or of anyone in his company at the time of the taking or obtaining. ‘‘(21) The term ‘stalking’ means conduct described in section 2261A. ‘‘(22) The term ‘unauthorized use of a motor vehicle’ means the intentional or knowing operation of another person’s boat, airplane, or motor vehicle without the con-sent of the owner. ‘‘(23) The term ‘using weapons of mass de-struction’ means conduct described in sec-tion 2332a. ‘‘(24) the term ‘voluntary manslaughter’ means conduct described in section 1112(a). ‘‘(c) For purposes of this section, in the case of any reference in subsection (b) to an offense under this title, such reference shall include conduct that constitutes an offense under State or tribal law or under the Uni-form Code of Military Justice, if such con-duct would be an offense under this title if a circumstance giving rise to Federal jurisdic-tion had existed.’’. 
SEC. 3106. GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORTABILITY FOR ALIEN GANG MEMBERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GANG MEMBER .—Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (52) the following: ‘‘(53)(A) The term ‘criminal gang’ means an ongoing group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons— ‘‘(i) that has as one of its primary purposes the commission of 1 or more of the criminal offenses described in subparagraph (B) and the members of which engage, or have en-gaged within the past 5 years, in a con-tinuing series of such offenses; or ‘‘(ii) that has been designated as a criminal gang by the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, as meeting these criteria. ‘‘(B) The offenses described, whether in violation of Federal or State law or foreign law and regardless of whether the offenses occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, are the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A ‘felony drug offense’ (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)). ‘‘(ii) A felony offense involving firearms or explosives or in violation of section 931 of title 18, United States Code (relating to pur-chase, ownership, or possession of body armor by violent felons). ‘‘(iii) An offense under section 274 (relating to bringing in and harboring certain aliens), section 277 (relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States), or section 278 (relating to importation of alien for immoral purpose), except that this clause does not apply in the case of an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)) which is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(iv) A violent crime described in section 101(a)(43)(F). ‘‘(v) A crime involving obstruction of jus-tice, tampering with or retaliating against a witness, victim, or informant, or perjury or subornation of perjury. ‘‘(vi) Any conduct punishable under sec-tions 1028A and 1029 of title 18, United States Code (relating to aggravated identity theft or fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents or access de-vices), sections 1581 through 1594 of such title (relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons), section 1951 of such title (relat-ing to interference with commerce by threats or violence), section 1952 of such title (relating to interstate and foreign travel or transportation in aid of racketeering enter-prises), section 1956 of such title (relating to the laundering of monetary instruments), section 1957 of such title (relating to engag-ing in monetary transactions in property de-rived from specified unlawful activity), or sections 2312 through 2315 of such title (relat-ing to interstate transportation of stolen motor vehicles or stolen property). ‘‘(vii) An attempt or conspiracy to commit an offense described in this paragraph or aid-ing, abetting, counseling, procuring, com-manding, inducing, facilitating, or soliciting the commission of an offense described in clauses (i) through (vi).’’. (b) INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (B) by inserting after subclause (II) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(III) a violation of (or a conspiracy or at-tempt to violate) any law or regulation of a State, the United States, or a foreign coun-try relating to participation or membership in a criminal gang, or ‘‘(IV) any felony or misdemeanor offense for which the alien received a sentencing en-hancement predicated on gang membership or conduct that promoted, furthered, aided, or supported the illegal activity of the crimi-nal gang,’’. (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .— ‘‘(i) A
LIENS NOT PHYSICALLY PRESENT IN THE  
UNITED STATES .—In the case of an alien who is not physically present in the United States: ‘‘(I) That alien is inadmissible if a consular officer, an immigration officer, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, or the Attor-ney General knows or has reason to believe— ‘‘(aa) to be or to have been a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)); or ‘‘(bb) to have participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang. ‘‘(II) That alien is inadmissible if a con-sular officer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the At-torney General has reasonable grounds to be-lieve the alien has participated in, been a member of, promoted, or conspired with a criminal gang, either inside or outside of the United States. ‘‘(III) That alien is inadmissible if a con-sular officer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the At-torney General has reasonable grounds to be-lieve seeks to enter the United States or has entered the United States in furtherance of the activities of a criminal gang, either in-side or outside of the United States. ‘‘(ii) A
LIENS PHYSICALLY PRESENT IN THE  
UNITED STATES .—In the case of an alien who is physically present in the United States, that alien is inadmissible if the alien— ‘‘(I) is a member of a criminal gang (as de-fined in section 101(a)(53)); or ‘‘(II) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—Any alien is deportable who— ‘‘(i) is or has been a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53)); ‘‘(ii) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang (as so defined), knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, further, aid, or support the il-legal activity of the criminal gang; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5478 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(iii) has been convicted of a violation of (or a conspiracy or attempt to violate) any law or regulation of a State, the United States, or a foreign country relating to par-ticipation or membership in a criminal gang; or ‘‘(iv) any felony or misdemeanor offense for which the alien received a sentencing en-hancement predicated on gang membership or conduct that promoted, furthered, aided, or supported the illegal activity of the crimi-nal gang.’’. (d) D
ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended by inserting after section 219 the following: ‘‘
DESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANG  ‘‘S
EC. 220. ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the At-torney General, may designate a group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more per-sons as a criminal gang if the Secretary finds that their conduct is described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION .—Seven days before making a designation under this subsection, the Secretary shall, by classified commu-nication, notify the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the Senate, and the mem-bers of the relevant committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in writ-ing, of the intent to designate a group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more per-sons under this subsection and the factual basis therefor. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG -
ISTER .—The Secretary shall publish the des-ignation in the Federal Register seven days after providing the notification under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(3) R
ECORD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making a designation under this subsection, the Secretary shall create an administrative record. ‘‘(B) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a designation under this sub-section. Classified information shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it re-mains classified, except that such informa-tion may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A designation under this subsection shall be effective for all purposes until revoked under paragraph (5) or (6) or set aside pursuant to subsection (c). ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF DESIGNATION UPON PETI -
TION.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view the designation of a criminal gang under the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) and (iv) if the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 5 or more persons files a petition for revocation within the pe-tition period described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ETITION PERIOD .—For purposes of clause (i)— ‘‘(I) if the designated group, club, organiza-tion, or association of 5 or more persons has not previously filed a petition for revocation under this subparagraph, the petition period begins 2 years after the date on which the designation was made; or ‘‘(II) if the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 5 or more persons has previously filed a petition for revocation under this subparagraph, the petition period begins 2 years after the date of the deter-mination made under clause (iv) on that pe-tition. ‘‘(iii) PROCEDURES .—Any group, club, orga-nization, or association of 5 or more persons that submits a petition for revocation under this subparagraph of its designation as a criminal gang must provide evidence in that petition that it is not described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(iv) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition for revocation sub-mitted under this subparagraph, the Sec-retary shall make a determination as to such revocation. ‘‘(II) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a determination in response to a petition for revocation. Classified informa-tion shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classified, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(III) P
UBLICATION OF DETERMINATION .—A determination made by the Secretary under this clause shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(IV) P
ROCEDURES .—Any revocation by the Secretary shall be made in accordance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) O
THER REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If in a 5-year period no review has taken place under subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall review the designa-tion of the criminal gang in order to deter-mine whether such designation should be re-voked pursuant to paragraph (6). ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—If a review does not take place pursuant to subparagraph (B) in response to a petition for revocation that is filed in accordance with that subparagraph, then the review shall be conducted pursuant to procedures established by the Secretary. The results of such review and the applicable procedures shall not be reviewable in any court. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLICATION OF RESULTS OF REVIEW .— The Secretary shall publish any determina-tion made pursuant to this subparagraph in the Federal Register. ‘‘(5) R
EVOCATION BY ACT OF CONGRESS .—The Congress, by an Act of Congress, may block or revoke a designation made under para-graph (1). ‘‘(6) R
EVOCATION BASED ON CHANGE IN CIR-
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-voke a designation made under paragraph (1) at any time, and shall revoke a designation upon completion of a review conducted pur-suant to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of para-graph (4) if the Secretary finds that— ‘‘(i) the group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons that has been designated as a criminal gang is no longer described in section 101(a)(53); or ‘‘(ii) the national security or the law en-forcement interests of the United States warrants a revocation. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedural require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply to a revocation under this paragraph. Any rev-ocation shall take effect on the date speci-fied in the revocation or upon publication in the Federal Register if no effective date is specified. ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of a designation under paragraph (5) or (6) shall not affect any action or proceeding based on conduct committed prior to the ef-fective date of such revocation. ‘‘(8) U
SE OF DESIGNATION IN TRIAL OR HEAR-
ING.—If a designation under this subsection has become effective under paragraph (2) an alien in a removal proceeding shall not be permitted to raise any question concerning the validity of the issuance of such designa-tion as a defense or an objection. ‘‘(b) A
MENDMENTS TO A DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may amend a designation under this subsection if the Secretary finds that the group, club, or-ganization, or association of 5 or more per-sons has changed its name, adopted a new alias, dissolved and then reconstituted itself under a different name or names, or merged with another group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more persons. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .—Amendments made to a designation in accordance with paragraph (1) shall be effective upon publication in the Federal Register. Paragraphs (2), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8) of subsection (a) shall also apply to an amended designation. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—The admin-istrative record shall be corrected to include the amendments as well as any additional relevant information that supports those amendments. ‘‘(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary may consider classified information in amending a designation in accordance with this subsection. Classified information shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classified, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judi-cial review under subsection (c) of this sec-tion. ‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a designation, an amended designation, or a determination in response to a petition for revocation, the designated group, club, orga-nization, or association of 5 or more persons may seek judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(2) B
ASIS OF REVIEW .—Review under this subsection shall be based solely upon the ad-ministrative record, except that the Govern-ment may submit, for ex parte and in camera review, classified information used in mak-ing the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The Court shall hold unlawful and set aside a designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation the court finds to be— ‘‘(A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of dis-cretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; ‘‘(B) contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; ‘‘(C) in excess of statutory jurisdiction, au-thority, or limitation, or short of statutory right; ‘‘(D) lacking substantial support in the ad-ministrative record taken as a whole or in classified information submitted to the court under paragraph (2); or ‘‘(E) not in accord with the procedures re-quired by law. ‘‘(4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW INVOKED .—The pend-ency of an action for judicial review of a des-ignation, amended designation, or deter-mination in response to a petition for rev-ocation shall not affect the application of this section, unless the court issues a final order setting aside the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘classified information’ has the meaning given that term in section 1(a) of the Classified Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.); ‘‘(2) the term ‘national security’ means the national defense, foreign relations, or eco-nomic interests of the United States; ‘‘(3) the term ‘relevant committees’ means the Committees on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and of the House of Representatives; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5479 June 21, 2018 
‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for such Act is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 219 the following: ‘‘Sec. 220. Designation.’’. (e) M
ANDATORY DETENTION OF CRIMINAL  G
ANGMEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 236(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)), as amended by this division, is further amended— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following: ‘‘(G) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(2)(N) or deportable under section 237(a)(2)(H),’’. (2) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1 of each year (beginning 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, after consulta-tion with the appropriate Federal agencies, shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives and of the Senate on the number of aliens detained under the amendments made by paragraph (1). (f) A
SYLUM CLAIMS BASED ON GANGAFFILI -
ATION .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF RESTRICTION ON RE -
MOVAL TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1251(b)(3)(B)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by insert-ing ‘‘who is described in section 212(a)(2)(N)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(H)(i) or who is’’ after ‘‘to an alien’’. (2) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR ASYLUM .—Section 208(b)(2)(A) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the alien is described in section 212(a)(2)(N)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(H)(i); or’’. (g) T
EMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS .—Sec- tion 244 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subparagraph (c)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the alien is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(N) or section 237(a)(2)(H).’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security may detain an alien provided tem-porary protected status under this section whenever appropriate under any other provi-sion of law.’’. (h) S
PECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE VISAS.— Section 101(a)(27)(J)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(iii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) no alien who is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(N) or sec-tion 237(a)(2)(H) shall be eligible for any im-migration benefit under this subparagraph;’’. (i) PAROLE .—An alien described in section 212(a)(2)(N) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as added by subsection (b), shall not be eligible for parole under section 212(d)(5)(A) of such Act unless— (1) the alien is assisting or has assisted the United States Government in a law enforce-ment matter, including a criminal investiga-tion; and (2) the alien’s presence in the United States is required by the Government with respect to such assistance. (j) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3107. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE STA-TUS FOR IMMIGRANTS UNABLE TO REUNITE WITH EITHER PARENT. 
Section 101(a)(27)(J)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1 or both of the immigrant’s parents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘either of the immigrant’s parents’’. 
SEC. 3108. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY RE-GARDING DETERMINATIONS OF CONVICTIONS. 
Section 101(a)(48) of the Immigration and National Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(48)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) In making a determination as to whether a conviction is for— ‘‘(i) a crime under section 212(a)(2), or ‘‘(ii) a crime under 237(a)(2), such determination shall be determined on the basis of the record of conviction and any facts established within the record of convic-tion. ‘‘(D) Any reversal, vacatur, expungement, or modification to a conviction, sentence, or conviction record that was granted to ame-liorate the immigration consequences of the conviction, sentence, or conviction record, or was granted for rehabilitative purposes shall have no effect on the immigration con-sequences resulting from the original convic-tion. The alien shall have the burden of prov-ing that the reversal, vacatur, expungement, or modification was not for such purposes. In no case in which a reversal, vacatur, expungement, or modification was granted for a procedural or substantive defect in the criminal proceedings. Whether an alien has been convicted of a crime for which a sen-tence of one year or longer may be imposed or whether the alien has been convicted for a crime where the maximum penalty pos-sible did not exceed one year shall be deter-mined based on the maximum penalty al-lowed by the statute of conviction as of the date the offense was committed. Subsequent changes in State or Federal law which in-crease or decrease the sentence that may be imposed for a given crime shall not be con-sidered.’’. 
SEC. 3109. ADDING ATTEMPT AND CONSPIRACY TO COMMIT TERRORISM-RELATED INADMISSIBILITY GROUNDS ACTS TO THE DEFINITION OF ENGAGING IN TERRORIST ACTIVITY. 
Section 212(a)(3)(B)(iv) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(iv)) is amended— (1) in subclause (VI), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(VII) an attempt or conspiracy to do any of the foregoing.’’. 
SEC. 3110. CLARIFYING THE AUTHORITY OF ICE DETAINERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 287(d) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
ETAINER OF INADMISSIBLE OR DEPORT -
ABLE ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who is arrested by any Federal, State, or local law enforcement official or other personnel for the alleged violation of any criminal law or any motor vehicle law relat-ing to driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence (including driving while under the influence of or impairment by al-cohol or drugs), the Secretary may issue a detainer regarding the individual to any Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement entity, official, or other personnel if the Secretary has probable cause to believe that the indi-vidual is an inadmissible or deportable alien. ‘‘(2) P
ROBABLE CAUSE .—Probable cause is deemed to be established if— ‘‘(A) the individual who is the subject of the detainer matches, pursuant to biometric confirmation or other Federal database records, the identity of an alien who the Sec-retary has reasonable grounds to believe to be inadmissible or deportable; ‘‘(B) the individual who is the subject of the detainer is the subject of ongoing re-moval proceedings, including matters where a charging document has already been served; ‘‘(C) the individual who is the subject of the detainer has previously been ordered re-moved from the United States and such an order is administratively final; ‘‘(D) the individual who is the subject of the detainer has made voluntary statements or provided reliable evidence that indicate that they are an inadmissible or deportable alien; or ‘‘(E) the Secretary otherwise has reason-able grounds to believe that the individual who is the subject of the detainer is an inad-missible or deportable alien. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY .—If the Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity, offi-cial, or other personnel to whom a detainer is issued complies with the detainer and de-tains for purposes of transfer of custody to the Department of Homeland Security the individual who is the subject of the detainer, the Department may take custody of the in-dividual within 48 hours (excluding weekends and holidays), but in no instance more than 96 hours, following the date that the indi-vidual is otherwise to be released from the custody of the relevant Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity.’’. (b) I
MMUNITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), and a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, acting in compliance with a Department of Homeland Security detainer issued pursuant to this section who temporarily holds an alien in its custody pursuant to the terms of a detainer so that the alien may be taken into the cus-tody of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, shall be considered to be acting under color of Federal authority for purposes of de-termining their liability and shall be held harmless for their compliance with the de-tainer in any suit seeking any punitive, com-pensatory, or other monetary damages. (2) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT AS DEFENDANT .— In any civil action arising out of the compli-ance with a Department of Homeland Secu-rity detainer by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, the United States Government shall be the proper party named as the defendant in the suit in regard to the detention resulting from compliance with the detainer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5480 June 21, 2018 
(3) B AD FAITH EXCEPTION .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any mistreatment of an individual by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention. (c) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .— (1) C
AUSE OF ACTION .—Any individual, or a spouse, parent, or child of that individual (if the individual is deceased), who is the victim of an offense that is murder, rape, or sexual abuse of a minor, for which an alien (as de-fined in section 101(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(3))) has been convicted and sentenced to a term of imprisonment of at least 1 year, may bring an action against a State or political sub-division of a State or public official acting in an official capacity in the appropriate Fed-eral court if the State or political subdivi-sion, except as provided in paragraph (3)— (A) released the alien from custody prior to the commission of such crime as a con-sequence of the State or political subdivi-sion’s declining to honor a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)); (B) has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice not in compliance with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) as amended, and as a consequence of its stat-ute, policy, or practice, released the alien from custody prior to the commission of such crime; or (C) has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice requiring a subordinate political sub-division to decline to honor any or all de-tainers issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)), and, as a consequence of its statute, policy or practice, the subordinate political subdivision declined to honor a de-tainer issued pursuant to such section, and as a consequence released the alien from cus-tody prior to the commission of such crime. (2) L
IMITATIONS ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action may not be brought under this sub-section later than 10 years following the oc-currence of the crime, or death of a person as a result of such crime, whichever occurs later. (3) P
ROPER DEFENDANT .—If a political sub-division of a State declines to honor a de-tainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) as a consequence of the State or another political subdivision with juris-diction over the subdivision prohibiting the subdivision through a statute or other legal requirement of the State or other political subdivision— (A) from honoring the detainer; or (B) fully complying with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373), and, as a consequence of the statute or other legal requirement of the State or other polit-ical subdivision, the subdivision released the alien referred to in paragraph (1) from cus-tody prior to the commission of the crime re-ferred to in that paragraph, the State or other political subdivision that enacted the statute or other legal requirement, shall be deemed to be the proper defendant in a cause of action under this subsection, and no such cause of action may be maintained against the political subdivision which declined to honor the detainer. (4) A
TTORNEY ’S FEE AND OTHER COSTS .—In any action or proceeding under this sub-section the court shall allow a prevailing plaintiff a reasonable attorneys fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attorneys fee. SEC. 3111. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECU-RITY ACCESS TO CRIME INFORMA-TION DATABASES. 
Section 105(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1105(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Service’’ and inserting ‘‘the Department of Homeland Security’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘visa applicant or applicant for admission’’ and inserting ‘‘visa applicant, applicant for admission, applicant for adjust-ment of status, or applicant for any other benefit under the immigration laws’’; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(5) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall receive, upon request, access to the in-formation described in paragraph (1) by means of extracts of the records for place-ment in the appropriate database without any fee or charge.’’. TITLE IV—ASYLUM REFORM 
SEC. 4101. CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
Section 235(b)(1)(B)(v) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘claim’’ and all that follows, and inserting ‘‘claim, as determined pursuant to section 208(b)(1)(B)(iii), and such other facts as are known to the officer, that the alien could establish eligibility for asy-lum under section 208, and it is more prob-able than not that the statements made by, and on behalf of, the alien in support of the alien’s claim are true.’’. 
SEC. 4102. JURISDICTION OF ASYLUM APPLICA-TIONS. 
Section 208(b)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 4103. RECORDING EXPEDITED REMOVAL AND CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish quality assur-ance procedures and take steps to effectively ensure that questions by employees of the Department of Homeland Security exercising expedited removal authority under section 235(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)) are asked in a uniform manner, to the extent possible, and that both these questions and the answers pro-vided in response to them are recorded in a uniform fashion. (b) F
ACTORS RELATING TO SWORN STATE -
MENTS .—Where practicable, any sworn or signed written statement taken of an alien as part of the record of a proceeding under section 235(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(A)) shall be accompanied by a recording of the inter-view which served as the basis for that sworn statement. (c) I
NTERPRETERS .—The Secretary shall en-sure that a competent interpreter, not affili-ated with the government of the country from which the alien may claim asylum, is used when the interviewing officer does not speak a language understood by the alien. (d) R
ECORDINGS IN IMMIGRATION PRO-
CEEDINGS .—There shall be an audio or audio visual recording of interviews of aliens sub-ject to expedited removal. The recording shall be included in the record of proceeding and shall be considered as evidence in any further proceedings involving the alien. (e) N
OPRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to create any right, benefit, trust, or responsibility, whether substantive or procedural, enforce-able in law or equity by a party against the United States, its departments, agencies, in-strumentalities, entities, officers, employ-ees, or agents, or any person, nor does this section create any right of review in any ad-ministrative, judicial, or other proceeding. SEC. 4104. SAFE THIRD COUNTRY. 
Section 208(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(a)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘removed, pursuant to a bi-lateral or multilateral agreement, to’’ and inserting ‘‘removed to’’. 
SEC. 4105. RENUNCIATION OF ASYLUM STATUS PURSUANT TO RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
ENUNCIATION OF STATUS PURSUANT TO  
RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any alien who is granted asylum status under this Act, who, absent changed country conditions, subsequently returns to the country of such alien’s nation-ality or, in the case of an alien having no na-tionality, returns to any country in which such alien last habitually resided, and who applied for such status because of persecu-tion or a well-founded fear of persecution in that country on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion, shall have his or her status terminated. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary has discre-tion to waive subparagraph (A) if it is estab-lished to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the alien had a compelling reason for the return. The waiver may be sought prior to departure from the United States or upon return.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 208(c)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(c)(3)) is amended by insert-ing after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ the following: ‘‘or (4)’’. 
SEC. 4106. NOTICE CONCERNING FRIVOLOUS ASY-LUM APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(d)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(4)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and of the consequences, under paragraph (6), of knowingly filing a frivolous application for asylum; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) ensure that a written warning appears on the asylum application advising the alien of the consequences of filing a frivolous ap-plication and serving as notice to the alien of the consequence of filing a frivolous appli-cation.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 208(d)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(6)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘If the’’ and all that follows and insert-ing: ‘‘(A) If the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General determines that an alien has knowingly made a frivolous appli-cation for asylum and the alien has received the notice under paragraph (4)(C), the alien shall be permanently ineligible for any bene-fits under this chapter, effective as the date of the final determination of such an appli-cation; ‘‘(B) An application is frivolous if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General determines, consistent with sub-paragraph (C), that— ‘‘(i) it is so insufficient in substance that it is clear that the applicant knowingly filed the application solely or in part to delay re-moval from the United States, to seek em-ployment authorization as an applicant for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5481 June 21, 2018 
asylum pursuant to regulations issued pursu-ant to paragraph (2), or to seek issuance of a Notice to Appeal in order to pursue Cancella-tion of Removal under section 240A(b); or ‘‘(ii) any of the material elements are knowingly fabricated. ‘‘(C) In determining that an application is frivolous, the Secretary or the Attorney General, must be satisfied that the appli-cant, during the course of the proceedings, has had sufficient opportunity to clarify any discrepancies or implausible aspects of the claim. ‘‘(D) For purposes of this section, a finding that an alien filed a frivolous asylum appli-cation shall not preclude the alien from seeking withholding of removal under sec-tion 241(b)(3).) or protection pursuant to the Convention Against Torture.’’. 
SEC. 4107. ANTI-FRAUD INVESTIGATIVE WORK PRODUCT. 
(a) A SYLUM CREDIBILITY DETERMINATIONS .— Section 208(b)(1)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(1)(B)(iii)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘all relevant factors’’ the following: ‘‘, including statements made to, and investiga-tive reports prepared by, immigration au-thorities and other government officials’’. (b) R
ELIEF FOR REMOVAL CREDIBILITY DE-
TERMINATIONS .—Section 240(c)(4)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(c)(4)(C)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘all relevant factors’’ the following: ‘‘, in-cluding statements made to, and investiga-tive reports prepared by, immigration au-thorities and other government officials’’. 
SEC. 4108. PENALTIES FOR ASYLUM FRAUD. 
Section 1001 of title 18 is amended by in-serting at the end of the paragraph— ‘‘(d) Whoever, in any matter before the Secretary of Homeland Security or the At-torney General pertaining to asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act or withholding of removal under section 241(b)(3) of such Act, knowingly and willfully— ‘‘(1) makes any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation; or ‘‘(2) makes or uses any false writings or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry; shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 4109. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR ASY-LUM FRAUD. 
Section 3291 of title 18 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1544,’’ and inserting ‘‘1544, and section 1546,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘offense.’’ and inserting ‘‘of-fense or within 10 years after the fraud is dis-covered.’’. 
SEC. 4110. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; and (C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’. TITLE V—USCIS WAIVERS SEC. 5101. EXEMPTION FROM ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT. 
The requirements of subchapter II of chap-ter 5 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any rule made in order to carry out this division or the amendments made by this division, to the extent the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that compli-ance with any such requirement would im-pede the expeditious implementation of such division or the amendments made by such di-vision. 
SEC. 5102. EXEMPTION FROM PAPERWORK RE-DUCTION ACT. 
The requirements of subchapter I of chap-ter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to any action to implement this division or the amendments made by this di-vision to the extent the Secretary of Home-land Security, the Secretary of State, the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Labor determines that compliance with any such requirement would impede the expeditious implementation of such sections or the amendments made by such sections. 
SEC. 5103. SUNSET. 
This title shall sunset on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. Such sunset shall not be construed to impose any requirements on, or affect the validity of, any rule issued or other action taken pursuant to such exemptions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judi-ciary, and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. M
CCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 6136. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, MICHAEL MCCAUL, C
ARLOS CURBELO , JEFFDENHAM , and I introduced H.R. 6136 to be a consensus bill designed to bring Members to-gether. It is the product of fruitful ne-gotiations and will offer us a path for-ward toward true immigration reform. As with the Securing America’s Fu-ture Act, this bill provides a legislative resolution of DACA, which was im-posed through an unconstitutional abuse of executive power by President Obama. But in addition to a renewable legal status, this bill expands relief to those who were eligible for DACA but never applied. Many did not apply be-cause they thought that DACA was simply unconstitutional. H.R. 6136 also creates a merit-based green card program that the recipients of the bill’s contingent nonimmigrant status can apply for. This program is the first-ever point system based on education, vocational training, appren-ticeship, employment experience, English proficiency, and military serv-ice under U.S. immigration law. Aliens with similar life experiences to DACA recipients can also apply: those who were brought to the United States as minors by parents on tem-porary work visas and grew up in the United States. All other DACA legisla-tion that I am aware of discriminates against such persons simply because they and their parents haven’t violated our laws. To be clear, there is no special path to citizenship for DACA recipients or DACA-eligible individuals. Importantly, this bill will help en-sure that the DACA dilemma does not recur after a few short years. As with H.R. 4760, it will end ‘‘catch and re-lease,’’ battle asylum fraud, and re-quire that unaccompanied minors caught at the border be treated equal-ly, regardless of their home country. As with H.R. 4760, it will ensure that the law no longer tempts minors and their parents to make the dangerous, illegal journey to the United States or to line the pockets of cartels. We must turn off the irresistible ‘‘jobs magnet,’’ if we are ever to effec-tively deal with illegal immigration. While expansion of the hugely success-ful E-Verify program is not contained in H.R. 6136, I am pleased that the lead-ership has committed to bringing such legislation to the floor this summer. As with H.R. 4760, the bill will make it easier to deport gang members who are aggravated felons, or who have multiple DUIs. H.R. 6136 modernizes our legal immi-gration system. It will reduce extended family chain migration and terminate the diversity visa program, which awards green cards by random lottery to people with no ties to the United States. It reduces overall immigration numbers over the long term, and shifts to a first-in-line visa system by elimi-nating the per-country cap on employ-ment-based green cards. The bill begins a shift to a merit-based system by es-tablishing the new merit-based green card program that I described. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.019 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5482 June 21, 2018 
As with H.R. 4760, the bill corrects the disastrous Flores settlement to en-sure that minors apprehended at the border with their parents are not sepa-rated from their parents when the par-ents are placed in DHS custody. Impor-tantly, H.R. 6136 addresses family sepa-ration in light of the zero-tolerance prosecution initiative by mandating that DHS, not DOJ, maintain the cus-tody of aliens charged with illegal entry along with their children. This would only apply to those who enter the country with children and would not permit those charged with felonies, or any other criminal activity, to be detained along with children. The bill allocates funding for family detention space to facilitate this requirement. Congress has a unique opportunity to act now, before the country ends up with another large population who crossed the border illegally as children. Let’s take this historic moment to come together and support vital legis-lation that provides commonsense, rea-sonable solutions. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to join President Trump and support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for the opportunity to review the relevant provi-sions of the text of H.R. 6136, the Border Se-curity and Immigration Reform Act of 2018. As you are aware, the bill was primarily re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, while the Agriculture Committee received an additional referral. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House in an expeditious manner. Accordingly, I agree to discharge H.R. 6136 from further consider-ation by the Committee on Agriculture. I do so with the understanding that by dis-charging the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture does not waive any future jurisdic-tional claim on this or similar matters. Fur-ther, the Committee on Agriculture reserves the right to seek the appointment of con-ferees, if it should become necessary. I ask that you insert a copy of our ex-change of letters into the Congressional Record during consideration of this measure on the House floor. Thank you for your courtesy in this mat-ter and I look forward to continued coopera-tion between our respective committees. Sincerely, K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on the Judi-ciary and agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018,’’ so that the bill may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I agree that your foregoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6136 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, BOBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : I write con-cerning H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018’’. This legis-lation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 6136, the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity agrees to forgo action on this bill. How-ever, this is conditional on our mutual un-derstanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or simi-lar legislation that fall within the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Rule X juris-diction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any con-ference committee named to consider such provisions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. I thank you for your coopera-tion in this matter. Sincerely, M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCAUL: Thank you for consulting with the Committee on the Judi-ciary and agreeing to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018,’’ so that the bill may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I agree that your foregoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 6136 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. b1830 Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I strongly oppose H.R. 6136. Far from being the moderate and compromise bill that has been ad-vertised, this bill is extreme and unrea-sonable. This bill eliminates the diver-sity visa program and cuts off even children and brothers and sisters from reunifying with their families. The bill even revokes the approval of over 3 million family members who have been waiting for years to reunify with their U.S. citizen brothers, sis-ters, and parents. While it claims to end President Trump’s cruel family separation pol-icy, nothing in the bill actually pro-hibits family separation or limits criminal prosecutions. And the bill re-quires the long-term detention of fami-lies and children while actually remov-ing requirements that detention facili-ties be safe, sanitary, and appropriate for children. It eliminates important asylum pro-tections and would protect many bona fide asylum seekers from even applying for protection in the first place. In addition, this legislation spends $23.4 billion to fund Donald Trump’s of-fensive and unnecessary border wall. Finally and most importantly, this bill fails to provide a certain path to citizenship for the Dreamers. Donald Trump created havoc when he made the decision to strip legal status from young Americans who were brought to the U.S. as young children and who know only this country as their own. The Republican leadership repeatedly announced that they in-tended to protect the Dreamers. Now we see their supposed solution, and it is a half measure at best that leaves far too many Dreamers behind. The bill’s stringent eligibility re-quirements would likely cut off mil-lions of Dreamers from eligibility to the bill’s legalization program. To those who would be eligible, the bill es-tablishes a long and difficult road to permanent residence, never mind to citizenship. Because of the limited number of visas made available, it would force applicants to wait for up to 23 years for permanent residence. Most appalling, if even $1 of border wall funding is ever transferred or re-scinded by a future Congress, the long and difficult path to permanent resi-dence would be canceled entirely. This would effectively hold the Dreamers hostage to every future appropriations battle. Now, we know the Republicans refer to this bill as a compromise, but it is not a compromise when you excluded the Democrats from negotiations. There is, in fact, a compromise bipar-tisan bill, the Hurd-Aguilar bill, that actually provides a meaningful path to citizenship for Dreamers and doesn’t bog the bill down in different consider-ations about the wall or about diver-sity visas or about family legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.081 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5483 June 21, 2018 
Those are separate issues and should be debated separately if you want to re-deem your promise to the Dreamers. This bill is hypocritical, because it doesn’t redeem the promise to the Dreamers and bogs it down in other issues, which we know will probably re-sult in the bill never going anywhere. Do not be fooled by this legislation. It is not moderate, it is not a com-promise, it does not solve the Dreamer issue. It reflects the Republican major-ity’s decision to keep a real Dreamer bill, the Hurd-Aguilar bill, off the floor. It is yet one more extreme measure by the Republican majority that fails to solve the real issues plaguing our immigration system and betrays the promise to the Dreamers. Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to oppose this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. H
ANDEL ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mrs. HANDEL. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for yield-ing. Madam Speaker, earlier today I voted in support of the Goodlatte- McCaul bill, and I stand here today in support of H.R. 6136. This bill is a commonsense measure that addresses many aspects of our bro-ken immigration system. It will end the lawlessness at the U.S.-Mexico bor-der, while also providing thoughtful and compassionate solutions to protect children at the border. Specifically, this bill will finally se-cure our borders, which is critical to national security. It provides $25 bil-lion in advanced funding for the border barrier system, more border patrol per-sonnel, and surveillance technology. That is advanced funding. That does not happen very often here in Congress. This bill also includes much needed measures to curb visa overstays. It limits extended family migration, eliminates lottery visas, deters sanc-tuary cities, and addresses asylum fraud. Further, H.R. 6136 establishes a new framework for DACA individuals. This framework is a sensible and, again, compassionate long-term solution that allows for legal residency through com-petitive, merit-based process. Importantly, the DACA provisions are contingent on the actual deploy-ment of money and resources for that border wall system and the other bor-der security measures. While this bill is not perfect, because few things are, it does represent a sig-nificant and meaningful step forward in fixing our immigration system. Madam Speaker, the status quo is simply unacceptable. We are long past the time for rhetoric, posturing, and politics. The American people deserve better. It is time for real solutions, and that is exactly what this bill offers. It is time for Congress to act. Let’s pass this bill. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Im-migration Subcommittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I think it is important that we be honest about why we are here today. Every major problem in this bill that this bill purports to tackle was actually created by President Trump himself. First, there is Trump’s policy of rip-ping children away from their parents. He issued an order last night pur-porting to address this issue, but we would not need to address it in legisla-tion if it weren’t for his misguided poli-cies. And I will point out that his rem-edy appears to be the same one that is in this bill, which is to put the mothers in the cages with the toddlers and to incarcerate whole families. Then we have the DACA program that President Trump chose to elimi-nate. He says he cares about Dreamers, but it was his own decision that cre-ated the present danger to these young Americans in waiting. And, finally, we have the asserted need to change our asylum laws to make it almost impossible to qualify, and to authorize the prolonged deten-tion of asylum-seeking families with children, to ensure compliance with the laws. I mentioned during the discussion of the rule, this is not necessary. We had a program called the Family Case Man-agement program that, according to the inspector general for the Homeland Security Department, resulted in a 100 percent attendance rate at immigra-tion court proceedings. And that is, in fact, what we need. We need attendance at the court hearing. And if a person prevails, they would be granted asy-lum, if they fail, they will be removed. What we need here is the orderly proc-essing and application of immigration law instead of the chaos that President Trump has brought to us. I would like to point out that this program costs $36 a day compared to over $700 a day to put a child in one of those cages. Now, those aren’t my fig-ures. Those are from DHS. We don’t need this legislation. We need the President to take action. He can do what needs to be done today by picking up the phone. Now, he has backed off temporarily, maybe because of public pressure, but he has not addressed the issue of the Dreamers. I don’t know what the words a special path mean, but there is a new path for Dreamers in this bill. However, as has been mentioned by Mr. N
ADLER , for some, it could take as long as 23 years. So if you are 27 years old now, by the time you are able to apply and receive U.S. citizenship, you would be 55 years of age. I think that is a ridiculous pro-viso, especially, as we have all ac-knowledged, these are young people who are Americans in every capacity, but for their—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. LOFGREN. Madam Speaker, I would just like to say, I think that the President has taken the Dreamers, the little children, the asylum-seeking families as hostages for the anti-immi-grant provisions in this bill. It has been mentioned that we have a generous immigration system. To whom? Two-thirds of the visas go to the immediate nuclear family of Amer-icans. So that is what we want. To eliminate the ability of Ameri-cans to have their sons and daughters with them is simply wrong. Madam Speaker, we should vote against this disaster of a bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JOHNSON ), a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam Speaker, our job as legislators is to lis-ten to each other and find common ground, to compromise for the good of the American people. Today, Trump Republicans are trying to do comprehensive immigration re-form without any committee hearings with Democrats, with no consultation. This is a spectacle trying to pass legis-lation on such an important subject in such a haphazard and slipshod manner. Congress can certainly do better than this, and the American people deserve better than this. Never again should these Trump Re-publicans ever claim that they adhere to regular order. The integrity of our process in this House depends upon careful consideration of bills through regular order so that only thoughtful legislation is passed. In our consideration of important legislation, the debate and the ability to compromise are essential. Sadly, I fear that we have lost the ability to en-gage in honest debate and we have lost the will to compromise. Though the ability to compromise is important, we Democrats can’t agree to lock up children in cages. We can’t agree to a bill that leaves Dreamers be-hind. Compromise does not allow us to turn our backs on asylum seekers or to stop family immigration or to kill the diversity visa program or waste bil-lions of dollars building Trump’s bor-der wall. This bill does all those things. We have a national crisis on our hands, and as we speak, 2,300 children have been torn away from the arms of their parents at the U.S.-Mexico bor-der, and it is our job to remedy this disgrace and reunite these families. Madam Speaker, I urge my col-leagues not to support the Border Se-curity and Immigration Reform Act. A bipartisan solution is out there, but clearly this bill is not it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I just want to say there are complaints that this is not a bipartisan bill, and yet we addressed the issues that Democrats expressed concern about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.082 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5484 June 21, 2018 
We have a very good way to address the DACA population in this legisla-tion, and yet when we look to the other side for help with securing our border, with taking the current fencing—and if you have ever been along that border, particularly in San Diego where they have a very high fence, but all it is is a fence. You can take a saw, an electric saw and cut through that in a matter of seconds and be on the other side. But where is the help for addressing those kind of security measures? I don’t see it. We have addressed in this legislation the family separation issue in a very good way. We agree: families should be unified. If it is simply a matter of a misdemeanor charge that the parents are facing, we want the children to be detained with them. But where is the help that we get from the other side in terms of addressing problems like catch-and-release; problems like asy-lum fraud; problems like unaccom-panied minor status, where we have a disparity between how we handle unac-companied minors coming across the border from Canada or Mexico who are Canadian or Mexican, but if they have come from somewhere else in the world through Canada or Mexico, we can’t treat them the same way. All of those things are addressed in this bill. We are addressing the concerns of the American people on how to address im-migration reform through the four pil-lars: making sure we do something ap-propriate for the DACA population, in-cluding opportunities, not for a special pathway to citizenship, but to ulti-mately attain citizenship if they earn it; and we are also addressing the other three categories, border security and closing the loopholes in our laws, end-ing the visa lottery and moving to a merit-based immigration system, and moving towards a family-based immi-gration system that is the nuclear fam-ily, your spouse and your children, not extended family members. b1845 I don’t see anything addressing most of that coming from any legislation from the Democrats, and I certainly would welcome seeing their proposals on what they would do for a wall and fencing and other security measures along our border. I would be very inter-ested in seeing what they do to help us move from an overwhelmingly family- based immigration system to one that is a merit-based system. Countries like Canada and the United Kingdom and Australia, they give their immigrants visas in 50, 60, 70 percent of their cases based upon education, job skills, job offers, training. We are at 12 percent. That is unacceptable. This bill moves us in the right direc-tion. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Madam Speaker, the President of the United States and the Speaker of the House promised to solve the problem of the Dreamers and to give them a path to citizenship. This bill does not do that except for 23 years, and it makes them hostage to other things such as the gentleman from Georgia talked about. We do not agree, many of us, that we should go away from family-based uni-fication. We do not agree on the four pillars. The President agrees with that. Some of the Republicans agree with that. We ought to debate that sepa-rately and have a bill that takes care of the Dreamers, as the President and the Speaker promised, instead of hold-ing them hostage to all these other things that we don’t agree to and that shouldn’t be held hostage. We should have a clean DACA bill like Hurd- Aguilar. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the bill proposed by Speaker R
YAN, a day after the big lie was finally admitted to by Presi-dent Trump, the Attorney General, Secretary of Homeland Security, and the resident White House sociopath, Stephen Miller, that ripping children from their mothers and fathers and jailing them was solely an administra-tive decision, not a law, not a loophole, not the fault of Democrats, but, in-stead, the singular, cynical, and cruel policy of the Trump administration. Yet H.R. 6136 does nothing to remedy the damage of that policy for children, for their parents, and does nothing to soothe the conscience of our Nation. H.R. 6136 has no oversight or public review of for-profit and nonprofit de-tention centers, nothing to reunite 2,300 children with their families, and eliminates the standards of care for children in detention centers. Today was supposed to be about DACA recipients. This bill does noth-ing for them either. Their fate is tied to spending 23 billion taxpayer dollars on a political gift to Trump for a wall, a wall that circumvents environmental law, puts our lands, water, and wildlife and border land communities at risk, and a point system that could dis-qualify over 80 percent of current and previously eligible Dreamers. We had an opportunity to address Dreamers, by the way, another Trump- created crisis, with a vote on the Aguilar-Hurd legislation, a bipartisan compromise that includes some con-tent I opposed, but I would vote for it because it is necessary and a step for-ward. But this effort was sabotaged by Trump and the Republican leadership of this House. We are now asked to vote on Speaker R
YAN’s H.R. 6136, the anti-family val-ues bill. It is wasteful, repressive, and meaningless. Regardless of how you paint it, how you sell it or lie about it, this par-ticular pig will never be a silk purse. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). Mr. FLORES. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6136, the Bor-der Security and Immigration Reform Act, and I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE  for allowing me to spend time talking about this from a personal perspective. I represent the 17th District of Texas, which has a number of colleges, univer-sities, and institutions of higher edu-cation that are home to hundreds of Dreamers who are studying to improve their lives. I believe that we should give them a path to come out of the shadows by providing them with an earned path to legal status. These Dreamers were brought here by their parents as children and, for most, America is the only home they know. Further, they did not commit the crime to enter the country illegally, and to characterize an earned path to legal status as amnesty is an offense to their character and to the hard work this body has done to try to come to a consensus. This bill is also important because it will ensure that children who are ap-prehended at the border will not be sep-arated from their parents and/or legal guardian while in DHS custody. Look, we all know that enforcing the law is important, both for the integrity of our immigration system and out of respect to the thousands of law-abiding immigrants who come to this country legally every year, many of whom re-side in my district. The President was right to issue an executive order to stop the separation of children from their parents. As I have said before, only Congress can enact a permanent solution that amends current law, which has flaws and loopholes, and overturns current legal precedent set by the courts. This bill includes four pillars which were previously agreed on by Demo-crats and Republicans and the White House a few months ago. It deals with border security; it comes up with a so-lution for the Dreamers; it gets rid of a visa lottery, which has not been helpful for merit-based immigration in this country; and it reforms chain migra-tion so that we can bring in the immi-grants that we need who will be an in-tegral part of the economy on day one. In closing, Madam Speaker, I will note that we cannot move forward without enacting strong border secu-rity reforms, and I am pleased that the solutions for our Dreamers that this bill puts forward are coupled with fund-ing to strengthen border security. We can’t have one without the other. Robust border security includes a border wall, where feasible. Robust bor-der security can only be achieved through an integrated system of border technology, personnel, and the mod-ernization of our ports of entry. This bill rightly authorizes all of those com-ponents and funds those components. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote from all of our colleagues on this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.083 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5485 June 21, 2018 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this Republican-only compromise immigration bill. The only thing that is compromised in this legis-lation is America’s source of strength as a nation of immigrants. This bill guts asylum protections for those fleeing danger and dashes the hopes of legal immigrants seeking to reunite with family members. It con-tinues this Presidential Ponzi scheme of forcing taxpayers to buy an expen-sive but useless border wall that Trump promised Mexico would pay for. As a mother and, frankly, as a human being, this bill makes my stomach turn. Despite Republican crocodile tears, this bill doesn’t put an end to the Trump administration’s child abuse, and our innocent Dreamers would be forced to navigate a confusing path to citizenship that could take 20 years. Just like with taxes and healthcare, Republicans just refuse to reach across the aisle to address our Nation’s chal-lenges. The President put children on our borders in fenced cages, and Ameri-cans were revolted. With this bill, Re-publicans in Congress are about to put Lady Liberty in a fenced cage, which would be equally revolting. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time is re-maining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from New York has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OY-
BAL-ALLARD ). Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this cruel partisan effort that does nothing to stop family separation, address the crisis of children already separated from their parents, nor does it fairly address the plight of Dreamers. Instead of uniting families, it elimi-nates the ability of U.S. citizens to sponsor parents, adult children, and siblings, and it abandons 3 million fam-ily members waiting to legally enter our country. This bill limits access to asylum and eliminates provisions that protect chil-dren and their right to seek refuge in our country. It excludes thousands of Dreamers, has no guarantee of citizen-ship, and does nothing to remove the uncertainty and fear Dreamers have of deportation away from family and the only country they know as home. This bill is a sham. It authorizes pro-longed detentions, funds Trump’s bor-der wall, militarizes our borders, weak-ens child protection laws, and erodes our American tradition of united fami-lies. I urge my colleagues to vote against this irresponsible bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the distinguished gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, yesterday, I led my colleagues in a letter to Secretaries Nielsen and Azar asking about plans to reunify the thou-sands of children separated from their parents. Neither the President’s execu-tive order nor the bills before us ad-dress the crisis facing these trauma-tized children. The American people deserve to know how and when the de-tained children will be returned to their parents. What is the plan to reunite children with their loved ones? What are the agencies doing to en-sure this reunification? Are they guaranteeing that family members who come forward will not be at risk of deportation themselves? Shouldn’t these questions be at the heart of any legislation we consider? Otherwise, it becomes a priority to build a wall instead of solving these overriding humanitarian crises. This administration continues to cre-ate problems and then scrambles to shift blame after public outcries. We saw it with the Muslim ban; we saw it with DACA; and now, these children are the latest victims. This Congress should have zero toler-ance for intolerance. I look forward, Mr. Speaker, to hear-ing back from DHS and HHS, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this inadequate bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend, Mr. N
ADLER , for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise with a heavy heart to oppose this mean-spirited bill: heavy because the House does nothing to stop families from being torn apart or locked in cages behind bars; heavy because you still won’t bring a clean Dream Act to the floor; heavy because you do nothing to stop this administra-tion’s assault on immigrant families and communities. The world is watching with shame and disgust. The late A. Philip Ran-dolph, the dean of Black leadership during the sixties, reminded us that we may have come to this great land in different ships, but we all are in the same boat now. And just 3 short years ago, the Pope reminded this body to do unto others as you would have them to do unto you. Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. The very soul of our Nation is at stake, and time is running out. The moral question is simple, Mr. Speaker: Will you lead or will you fol-low? Will you bring a bipartisan, com-passionate bill to the floor? Will we show the Nation and the world that we respect human rights and the dignity of every man, woman, and child? b1900 Mr. Speaker, will you offer your brothers and sisters a lifevest, or will you let them drown? We can do better as a Nation and as a people. Will you be a headlight? Will you be a headlight? Will you lead? Will you be compassionate and look out for all of our citizens? Look out for the Dream-ers, look out for the little children, the mothers and the fathers? The choice and responsibility are yours, Mr. Speaker. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. COSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this Republican partisan bill. Just a few days ago, I traveled to San Diego with several of our colleagues to see firsthand how current immigration policy is being enforced. There were children separated from their parents and migrants seeking asylum. Our immigration system is broken, and everybody knows that. And this administration is making a chal-lenging situation worse. Our immigration system needs to be dealt with. Why don’t we try sitting down and working together on real bi-partisan reform? This is a partisan proposal that holds Dreamers and vulnerable children hos-tage and does nothing for California farmworkers. What is worse, it builds a $25 billion wall that, by itself, does not provide comprehensive solutions for our border security, which we all believe in. By the way, didn’t the President promise that Mexico would pay for this wall? Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to do the right thing. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Let’s get back to working on bipartisan reform, reform that provides us with the border security we need and fixes our immi-gration system and respects the dig-nity and the humanity of aspiring Americans. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I have a parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The gen-tleman from New York will state his parliamentary inquiry. Mr. NADLER. Will the House vote on this measure tonight? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot comment on the legisla-tive schedule. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, will the House vote tomorrow? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot comment on the legisla-tive schedule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.086 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5486 June 21, 2018 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, can the Chair advise when the House will vote on the measure? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair cannot comment on the legisla-tive schedule. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, under the rule, the minority, the Democrats, are entitled the offer one final amendment in the form of a motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, when will we have that opportunity? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is entertaining debate on the bill at this time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, we nor-mally have that opportunity during de-bate. Mr. Speaker, will we have that oppor-tunity in debate tonight? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is entertaining debate on the bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I under-stand that. Mr. Speaker, will we have the oppor-tunity, as part of that debate, to offer the amendment in the form of a motion to recommit, as is our right during de-bate? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule for consideration of this bill, one motion to recommit is available. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I take it that we will be able to offer that mo-tion to recommit before we finish de-bate tonight. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is currently entertaining debate on the bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, you didn’t answer my question, sir. Mr. Speaker, we are, of course, enter-taining debate on the bill now. The mo-tion to recommit is part of that debate, and my question is: Will we be per-mitted to offer that motion to recom-mit before we finish debate tonight? The SPEAKER pro tempore. After the hour of debate on this bill has ex-pired, there may be an opportunity for a motion to recommit. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, there may be. Mr. Speaker, if the Chair can’t an-swer, perhaps the chairman of the com-mittee can answer that question about the motion to recommit. Mr. Chairman? Mr. GOODLATTE. If the gentlemen will yield, I don’t control the floor schedule so I can’t answer the question as to the timing of when the gentle-man’s opportunity to offer a motion to recommit, which the rules provide for, will be afforded to him. I don’t know the answer to that. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, can the chairman perhaps comment on when the House will vote on this bill? Mr. GOODLATTE. If the gentleman will yield, again, I don’t control the floor, and I don’t have any direct ad-vice on when that will take place. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, for what purpose are we debating this bill to-night if we cannot guarantee when or if we will vote? Let me rephrase the question. Mr. Speaker, can the Chair guarantee that we will, in fact, vote on this bill at some point? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman asking the chairman of the committee? Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I am ask-ing the Acting Speaker right now. I think the mace is up, so Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will reiterate that the Chair is entertaining debate on the bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, we are entertaining debate on the bill, obvi-ously, but can the Chair guarantee that we will, in fact, vote on this bill at some point? Otherwise, why are we wasting time? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not advise on the future leg-islative schedule. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, can the Chair guarantee that we will have the opportunity, as guaranteed under the rules, to offer our motion to recommit, whether or not we ever vote on this bill? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would reiterate that the rule does provide for one motion to recom-mit. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, the Chair will not guarantee that the rule will be adhered to and give us the opportunity to offer that motion? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is entertaining debate on the bill. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, the Chair is being very forthcoming. Mr. Speaker, I do assume that we will have the opportunity to offer our motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, I further assume that at some point we will vote on this bill, otherwise, everything the majority has said about why it is being offered would be a little less than honest. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this supposed com-promise bill is a sham. It fails to cover all Dreamers or to provide them with a certain path to citizenship. It fails to end the Trump family separation pol-icy. It revokes critical protections for detained children and families. It eliminates important asylum protec-tions. It makes communities less safe, and it slashes legal family immigra-tion. At every step of the way, this bill at-tacks family unity. It attacks immi-grant communities, it attacks common decency, and it evades fulfilling the pledge of the Speaker and the Presi-dent that we will solve the problem and allow a path to citizenship for the Dreamers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a report by the Cato Institute titled: ‘‘House GOP Bill Cuts Legal Immigra-tion by 1.4 Million Over 20 Years.’’ 
[From CATO at Liberty, June 21, 2018] H
OUSE GOP B ILLCUTSLEGAL IMMIGRATION  
BY1.4 M ILLION OVER20 Y EARS  (By David Bier and Stuart Anderson) The House is scheduled to vote tomorrow on a bill—the Border Security and Immigra-tion Reform Act, the supposed GOP com-promise bill. The authors claim in their bill summary that ‘‘the overall number of visas issued will not change,’’ yet that is simply incorrect. In fact, the proposal would reduce legal immigration at least 1.4 million over 20 years. The bill would reduce the number of legal immigrants in five ways: 1) eliminating the diversity visa lottery, 2) ending sponsorship of married adult children of U.S. citizens, 3) ending sponsorship of siblings of U.S. citi-zens, 4) restricting asylum claims, and 5) in-directly by restricting overall immigration, which will lead to fewer sponsorships of spouses, minor children, and parents of natu-ralized citizens years later. The bill partially offsets these effects by increasing employer- sponsored immigration and by granting per-manent residency to some Dreamers in the United States, but the net effect is still strongly negative. Table 1 breaks down the cuts to legal im-migration by category over the 20-year pe-riod from 2020 to 2039. The net effect is a re-duction in legal immigration of 1.4 million including Dreamers or 2.1 million not count-ing Dreamers toward the total. This is a cut of 7 percent or 10 percent in the number of legal immigrants that would have been al-lowed to enter under current law. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to oppose the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of closing on our side, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, the reason I am here is because I made a commitment to my constituents, and, really, to the coun-try, that I wanted to improve our coun-try’s immigration system. If you look at the reality of what is happening today, it is really sad. We have a chaotic situation at the border. We have drug traffickers active at the border, bringing in their drugs, poi-soning the American people. We have human traffickers, which are exploiting some of the most vulner-able people in the world, profiting off of them. Some of these children that get brought over by coyotes get abused, molested, raped. This is what is happening at our southwest border, and it has to change. The underlying bill invests in border security, and most Americans—an overwhelming majority—want to see the situation at the border improve. And an overwhelming majority be-lieves that the United States of Amer-ica, like every country in the world, has the right and the duty to enforce its laws and to protect its borders. I am also here, Mr. Speaker, because I made a commitment to some of the victims of our broken immigration sys-tem. There are a lot of young immigrants in our country who were brought over as children. Some of them have no memory of their countries of origin. They are the victims of a broken immi-gration system. Some of these young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.088 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5487 June 21, 2018 
people—I know their stories because I know them well—when they are 14 or 15, they discover that they are undocu-mented, after years of having sat in classrooms with our own kids, pledging allegiance to our own flag, and loving this country just as much as we do. And that is why this bill contains a solution that is fair to these young im-migrants. If we don’t pass this bill, these young immigrants, the Dreamers, the DACA recipients, could lose all of their pro-tections in a matter of months. Now, we don’t have to get into why or how that happened. We know that there are some court challenges out there, but that is the reality. That is what we are dealing with today. In addition to that, we have all spo-ken out against this tragedy of chil-dren being separated at the border and the difficult position that the current and the previous administration were in of having to choose between enforc-ing our immigration laws and sepa-rating families. Yes, the Obama administration planned and started detaining families together until a court told them that they could not, and now we have a true tragedy on our hands. This bill would also help solve that issue. In addition to that, we modernize our immigration laws by making sure that our economy’s needs are met. Now, the alternative is to vote ‘‘no’’ and to double down on the status quo: a failed broken immigration system that has created so many victims over the years, from the small children who get abused by the human traffickers, to the young immigrants in our country who discovered one day that they were undocumented, to drug trafficking at the border that is poisoning so many people in our country. A vote against this bill is a vote for that status quo. And I don’t think any-one in this Chamber supports the sta-tus quo on immigration. Mr. Speaker, I know this bill isn’t perfect. This isn’t the bill I would have drafted. My bill is the Recognizing America’s Children Act. That is the bill that I drafted and that I would pre-fer. But there are 435 of us in this Chamber, and sometimes we have to meet somewhere, meet into the middle, compromise. And let’s not let this time be like it always is on immigration where every-one says: Unless I can get 100 percent of what I want, no one is going to get anything. And that might be easy for us to say here in this Chamber, but that isn’t something easy for people to hear. For the American people, for young immigrants brought to our country, for the DACA population, that isn’t easy for them to hear. They want to hear that we are going to find a way to get to yes, and that al-though our solution might not be per-fect, it will leave us at a place better than the one we are in today. Mr. Speaker, that is why I respect-fully ask all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to strongly consider supporting this legislation that will leave our country much better off than it is today. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1915 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, there has been a lot of talk about children. I am the father of five children. This bill will keep fami-lies together, not separated, as exists under current law. This bill changes that law so that the Department of Homeland Security can keep family units together. I talked to the Secretary today. She told me there were 12,000 children in these detention centers. I think it is important that we be transparent with the American people about the facts. Ten thousand of these children did not come in with their parents. Ten thousand of these children made the dangerous journey through Central America, through Mexico, and up into the United States with their guardian being the coyote, the human smuggler, the human trafficker. During the dan-gerous journey, many of them were abused and exploited on the way. I have been to the detention centers, and it is heartbreaking to see these kids. This bill provides a deterrent to stop this. In sum, Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-tects the children. I was a Federal prosecutor in Texas. I saw the threats coming from the United States south-ern border: the drug traffickers; the human traffickers; the MS–13; the opioids we have been talking about all week, precursors coming from China into Mexico, bringing heroin and opioids into the United States, killing thousands of Americans; the violence and the destruction. That is why we need a secure border. We have been talking about this for a long time on both sides of the aisle. Hillary Clinton talked about: ‘‘We need a secure border.’’ Barack Obama talked about: ‘‘We need a secure border.’’ Now we have a President who I think is seri-ous about securing our border. This bill does many things, but it sticks to the four pillars we talked about in the White House: border secu-rity, by building a wall barrier system, technology, and personnel; the visa lot-tery system, a random lottery system, to be more merit based to bring in tal-ent rather than a random system; chain migration is reduced so that it is not just based on family but rather on merit; and then, finally, we provide the solution for DACA. We legalize the DACA kids. We give them legal status to stay in the United States. I don’t understand why my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle can’t support that. But what I want to talk about is my role as chairman of Homeland Secu-rity, why I think this border protection is so important. This is a map of spe-cial-interest aliens’ pathway into the United States. Two thousand special- interest aliens are apprehended trying to make their way into the United States every year. Special interest means special-interest countries, com-ing from the Middle East, from Africa, terror hotspots, coming into our hemi-sphere and going up into the United States. The 9/11 Commission talked about this. They said: ‘‘Before 9/11, no agency of the U.S. Government systematically analyzed terrorists’ travel strategies. Had they done so, they could have dis-covered the ways in which the terrorist predecessors to al-Qaida had been sys-tematically but detectably exploiting weaknesses in our border security since the early 1990s.’’ Just recently, Secretary Nielsen tes-tified and said: ‘‘We have also seen ISIS, in written materials, encourage ISIS followers to cross our southwest border, given the loopholes that they are aware of.’’ We heard from Rear Admiral Hendrickson, the U.S. Southern Com-mand admiral, who said: ‘‘Some of these people’’—attempting to cross our borders—‘‘have ties to terrorism, and some have intentions to conduct at-tacks in the homeland.’’ Then a recently declassified CIA re-port written in 2003 says: Specific in-formation at the time demonstrates al- Qaida’s ‘‘ongoing interest to enter the United States over land borders with Mexico and Canada.’’ And then the CIA reported: ‘‘Bin Laden apparently sought operatives with valid Mexican passports.’’ The Secretary went on to say: ‘‘ . . . we are identifying and stopping terror suspects who would otherwise have gone undetected. In fact, on average, my department now blocks 10 known or suspected terrorists a day’’—not a year—‘‘from traveling to or attempting to enter the United States.’’ I think it is time we get this done. It is my last year as chairman of this committee, and I want to end it with providing the American people the se-curity that they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this fake DACA bill, a bill that we just found out 10 minutes ago that we are not going to even vote on tomorrow. So all this time, all of the comments we have heard from the other side about how important it is for us to do our work, well, they have now decided it must not be too important. We are not going to vote on it. So again, this is a fake DACA bill. Obviously, someone has lost their nerve, because we are not going to even vote on it. So I have trouble believing that President Trump did not know that his unilateral decision to imple-ment the zero-tolerance policy in April would result in thousands of children being ripped from their parents’ arms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.090 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5488 June 21, 2018 
Over the past 6 weeks, Americans have grown more and more alarmed by the images and voices of children who, with little or no warning or expla-nation, were separated from their lov-ing parents. For weeks, both the Presi-dent and the Secretary of Homeland Security, Kirstjen Nielsen, repeatedly refused to accept responsibility for cre-ating this humanitarian disaster. They blamed immigration laws. They blamed the Democrats. They blamed Congress. They blamed parents for the dangerous journey north to seek safe haven for themselves and their chil-dren. None of this was true. The lies did not fly. That dog didn’t hunt. This past weekend, several of us in the Democratic Caucus flew down to the border to see for ourselves what was happening to the families. The President, seeing the news stories of suffering children and families, suc-cumbed to his base desire for better press and finally acknowledged what we all know: He is responsible for the family separation crisis. The executive order he signed yester-day doubled down on zero tolerance and provides no relief to the families who have been separated. Like the ex-ecutive order, H.R. 6136 does not re-solve the family separation crisis. This does nothing to stop CBP’s unfettered ability to separate families in various situations, including for those seeking asylum at ports of entry. The solution H.R. 6136 offers is to de-tain children indefinitely with their parents while they wait to be pros-ecuted in facilities that do not have to comply with court-ordered require-ments for clean drinking water, toilets, and medical assistance. It ignores the 2016 findings of the Department of Homeland Security’s own advisory committee that studied the question of family detention. In it, the experts concluded that family detention is nei-ther appropriate nor necessary for fam-ilies, and that it is never in the best in-terest of children. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to take a stand against the cruel, inhu-mane immigration enforcement poli-cies of the Trump administration by voting down H.R. 6136. We can send a strong message to the President to stop family separation. Mr. Speaker, many Members came into this week expecting to consider and vote on a measure that trades bor-der wall funding for a Dreamer fix. H.R. 6136 is not that bill. This legislation would compel the ex-penditure of billions of taxpayers’ dol-lars for decades to come on an unneces-sary border wall, while maintaining the cruel zero-tolerance policy, lim-iting access to asylum, shrinking legal immigration, ending the diversity visa lottery program, and abolishing protec-tions for unaccompanied children. There is nothing profamily or prosecurity about this bill. This is a fake DACA bill. There were no hear-ings, no witnesses, no stakeholder en-gagement, no markup, not even a CBO score. Now we find out at this hour that we have been debating a bill that we won’t even vote on tomorrow. I wonder why. It is probably because some other people have found out that this is a fake DACA bill and probably not worth the paper it is printed on. But we shall see. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, I know this is an emo-tional topic, and I think both sides have what they think are the best in-terests of the American people in their hearts. I feel that the Constitution drives me to protect the American peo-ple, and that is my most solemn, high-est responsibility. I want to close with a quote from our Secretary of Homeland Security. She said: ‘‘The only people who benefit from the immigration system right now are the smugglers, the traffickers, those who are peddling drugs, and ter-rorists. So let’s fix the system.’’ Mr. Speaker, I agree with her. Let’s fix the system. Let’s protect the Amer-ican people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 953, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 6136 is postponed. 
f 
CHILDREN HEADED TO MICHIGAN (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, yester-day’s Detroit Free Press reported that two babies were taken by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security from their parents at the U.S.-Mexico border and flown in the dead of night last night to Grand Rapids, Michigan—one child is 8 months old, and another 11 months old—hundreds and hundreds of miles from home. Fifty more immigrant children have landed in foster care by spontaneous combustion in western Michigan. A staffer at Bethany Christian Services, which is assisting these displaced chil-dren said: ‘‘Not only are they being separated from their family, they are being transported to a place that they don’t know in the middle of the night.’’ Mr. Speaker, taking children from parents presents a deep moral crisis for our Nation. The abduction of children from their parents is a crime against humanity. The Trump administration’s kidnapping of children must end. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  this important article from the Detroit Free Press entitled ‘‘Torn from Immi-grant Parents, 8-Month-Old Baby Lands in Michigan.’’ 
[From Detroit Free Press, June 20, 2018] T
ORNFROMIMMIGRANT PARENTS , 8-M ONTH - O
LDBABYLANDS IN MICHIGAN  (By Tresa Baldas) Four days ago, a Homeland Security offi-cial proclaimed: ‘‘We are not separating ba-bies from parents.’’ Yet in the middle of the night, two baby boys arrived in Grand Rapids after being sep-arated from their immigrant parents at the southern border weeks ago. One child is 8 months old; the other is 11 months old. Both children have become part of a bigger group of 50 immigrant children who have landed in foster care in western Michigan under the Trump administration’s zero-tolerance border policy. The average age of these children is 8, a number that has alarmed foster care employ-ees who are struggling to comfort the grow-ing group of kids who are turning up in Michigan at nighttime, when it’s pitch-dark outside. They’re younger than ever, they say. And they are petrified. ‘‘These kids are arriving between 11 p.m. and 5 a.m. Not only are they being separated from their family, they are being trans-ported to a place that they don’t know in the middle of the night,’’ said Hannah Mills, pro-gram supervisor for the transitional foster care program at Bethany Christian Services, which is currently assisting the displaced children. ‘‘We have found on many occasions that no one has explained to these children where they are going.’’ According to Mills, some of these displaced children got picked up right at the airport by a foster family, while others wound up at a foster care center, begging to talk to their parents. Many have gone 30 days or more without talking to their parents because their parents can’t be located, she said. Bianey Reyes, center, and others protest the separation of children from their parents in front of the El Paso Processing Center, an immigration detention facility, at the Mexi-can border on June 19, 2018, in El Paso, Texas. (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images) ‘‘These kids are hysterical. They’re screaming out for mom and dad,’’ said Mills, who speaks Spanish and can converse with the children, noting only a handful have learned some English. Mills, who has worked with displaced, im-migrant children for six years, said the fos-ter agency is dealing with a new, troubling element: Getting unaccompanied children on the phone with their parents. Typically, this takes about three days, she said. But now it’s taking up to a month or more because the parents are detained and the agency can’t locate them. ‘‘That’s probably one of the most detri-mental things,’’ Mills said. ‘‘At least if we can get a kid to speak with their parent, they can feel safe.’’ Equally upsetting, Mills said, is watching children when they do finally get on the phone with a parent. For example, she re-called, a tearful 7-year-old on the phone with her mother asking her, ‘Are you OK? Are you hurt? Is someone hurting you?’ ‘‘All of it is incredibly upsetting,’’ Mills said, stressing: ‘‘The difference is, we’re see-ing so many more younger kids.’’ Homeland Security officials were not available for comment on why infants and toddlers are being taken from their parents. Meanwhile, the Trump administration has steadfastly maintained that its goal is to protect the nation’s borders, enforce immi-gration laws and send a strong message to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.091 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5489 June 21, 2018 
immigrants that if they cross the border un-lawfully, they will be prosecuted and their kids taken away. There is no federal law that mandates chil-dren and parents be separated at the border, though the practice has led to nearly 2,000 kids being misplaced in the past six weeks— a phenomenon that has triggered a firestorm of controversy. Many religious groups, social activists and immigrant-sympathizers are calling for an end to the practice while Trump supporters are saying let him do his job. On Tuesday, the Michigan Department of Civil Rights announced that it’s assessing the impact of Trump’s zero-tolerance policy on the state of Michigan and the detained immigrant children, stating it ‘‘has a duty to make sure their civil rights are pro-tected.’’ ‘‘We have received reports and are very concerned that the children arriving here are much younger than those who have been transported here in the past. Some of the children are infants as young as 3 months of age and are completely unable to advocate for themselves,’’ Agustin V. Arbulu, Execu-tive Director of Michigan Department of Civil Rights said in a statement. The American Association for Justice also condemned the family separation policy on Tuesday, stating: ‘‘These actions are risking the safety and well-being of innocent chil-dren. We call on the administration to im-mediately halt this practice and to reunite these traumatized families. This is not who we are as a nation. We can and must do bet-ter.’’ But the Trump administration is not back-ing down, stressing the policy is about pre-serving and protecting America’s borders and upholding the law. Moreover, it insists, the policy is not new, claiming children have long been placed in foster care when their parents were criminally charged with an im-migration violation. ‘‘What has changed is that we no longer ex-empt entire classes of people who break the law,’’ Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen said in a White House briefing Mon-day. ‘‘Here is the bottom line: DHS is no longer ignoring the law.’’ She later added: ‘‘We are a country of com-passion. We are a country of heart. . . . We must fix the system so that those who truly need asylum can in fact receive it.’’ President Donald Trump and congressional Republicans desperately searched Tuesday for an end game to the administration’s con-tentious zero-tolerance immigration policy that has drawn fire from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle. Trump said Tuesday he wants the legal au-thority to detain the children along with the adults and ‘‘promptly remove families to-gether as a unit.’’ 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I remind my colleagues of the words at the base of the Statue of Liberty by Emma Laz-arus: 
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuge of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp besides the golden door. 
That is the America that I know. That is the America of liberty for all. 
THENEWCOLOSSUS  (By Emma Lazarus) Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land; Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame. ‘‘Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!’’ cries she With silent lips. ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ f b1930 IMMIGRATION LEGISLATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of this evening’s special order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, this evening the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus is going to be sharing some thoughts with the American people about this extremely horrible zero-tolerance policy that Mr. Trump has subjected our Nation to. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to this administration’s cruel and inhumane zero-tolerance policy at the border that has resulted in the separa-tion of more than 2,000 children from their families and their loved ones. This policy calls to mind the worst of our history, including the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II, our refusal to grant safety to Jewish refugees during the Holocaust, and the treatment of Africans who were brought here as chattel slaves during and throughout the Middle Pas-sage. Unlike what the administration says, this policy is not required by law, and I think that has been made plain to all Americans. It is not President Obama’s doing, and I think that has been made plain to all Americans. It is not in any way justified by the Bible. In fact, as a Christian and someone who grew up in the church, I know that these very same verses were falsely used to justify four centuries of chattel slavery, and that the Bible teaches us to welcome the stranger and to beware of spiritual wickedness in high places. So don’t be deceived. This policy of choice is solely the result of a racist, xenophobic, anti-immigrant, and antifamily values agenda adopted by this administration to intimidate im-migrants of color seeking asylum from violence and persecution for their own political gain. The Trump administration has also sought to avoid responsibility for its decisions by cowardly claiming that no such policy exists, as Secretary Nielsen claimed in a reply to my March 20 let-ter and then reiterated more recently via Twitter—more lies and deception. However, when 2,000 children are sep-arated from their families, many of whom have been dispersed across this Nation as a result of a decision made by the Trump Department of Justice, a policy of depravity indeed exists. But that is not all. Children are now, as I have stated, being shipped all across this Nation, including to New York City where there are currently at least 239 children being detained just a few miles from my district and thou-sands more who are miles away from their caregivers. Yesterday, Donald Trump finally gave way to public pressure by signing an executive order that he claims will end this horrific policy. Unfortunately, he did so by abrogating his responsi-bility under the Flores agreement to release children without unnecessary delay and to keep those who are in cus-tody under the least restrictive condi-tions possible. This means that chil-dren will be detained with their fami-lies, which is also unacceptable. Unfortunately, this body, too, is ne-glecting its responsibility to the Amer-ican people by debating the most re-strictive immigration bills that ignore past commitments to Dreamers and the diversity visa lottery program, and would build an unnecessary and inef-fective border wall with Mexico. To add insult to injury, Republicans, who control every branch of govern-ment, blame Democrats for their fail-ure to legislate and offer these regres-sive, dead-on-arrival bills as solutions to problems that they themselves have created. So, tonight, I call on this administra-tion to stop playing politics with im-migrant lives and on my Republican colleagues to pass meaningful, com-prehensive immigration reform that not only protects Dreamers, but pro-tects individuals who are under tem-porary protected status, and stop sepa-rating families. Mr. Speaker, it is now my honor and my privilege to yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ). Representative J
OE KENNEDY rep-resents the Fourth Congressional Dis-trict of Massachusetts. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Ms. C
LARKE , for her leadership on this issue and so many others in Congress as a member of the Congressional Progressive Cau-cus and of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Healthcare and immigra-tion policies run through the veins of our society. Mr. Speaker, over the course of the day today and over the course of the last several days, my colleagues have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.041 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5490 June 21, 2018 
eloquently described the shortcomings of the immigration bills brought for-ward by Republicans. I echo their out-rage at what has taken place over the past few weeks on American soil and their fury that Congress still is so un-willing or unable to address it. As this debate has unfolded, one cho-rus in particular caught my ear, these voices that say: Our own kids are suf-fering. Our own country has issues. We feel for these children at the border, but how do you expect us to take care of them when you have made it so hard for us to take care of our own? Mr. Speaker, it is those voices that I want to speak to this evening first to say: You are right. Mr. Speaker, we have children in this country who will not get one hot meal today let alone three. We have children who will show up to schools without books, children who will spend a winter without coats or Christmas presents, or a summer without clean water and cool air. We have children who are abused or ill, who are abandoned, and who are oppressed. All of this is in the most powerful country in the world. We should be ashamed and united in our rage that, as a country, a nation as rich as ours makes it so damn hard for families to be able to survive. We are united by a resolve to do better because if a place, a country like America, can’t meet its people’s needs, then who can? So, Mr. Speaker, some dream up walls, frantically grasping at what they can have and pushing others away in a desperate attempt to make sure that there is enough left over for them and their families. It is a ferocious in-stinct to defend ourselves and our loved ones, and one that any parent can understand, particularly those par-ents arriving at our border today, those who risk everything to show up on our shores and beg for mercy. Can we not see in them that same pa-rental, basic human instinct to bear any burden to protect your child? If we were they, I know of no parent who wouldn’t walk through jungles and deserts and risk gangs and violence for the chance of a brighter future for their child. In a perfect world, all borders would be peaceful, all governments would be strong and good, all families would be whole, all neighborhoods would be safe, and all communities would have the re-sources to fix what is broken and pick up those among us who have fallen. But ours is not a perfect world. So, night after night, children show up on our doorstep terrified and traumatized. Yes, we have our own tragedies, our own struggles, and our own monsters to defeat. No, we cannot right every wrong; we cannot save every soul; and we cannot shoulder the world’s inequi-ties alone. But we absolutely can offer small and weary heads a safe place to rest. We can make space for people with no place else to go. We can do that and still take care of our own. We can wel-come the tired, the poor, and those yearning to be free and still be free ourselves. We can help the very hungry afford food, the very sick get care, and the very cold shelter without jeopard-izing our own dinner, our own health, and our own bed. We can choose both. Americans do every single day. Across the country in soup kitchens and shelters, in schools, on battlefields and operating tables, our people struggle, they stretch, and they extend. They do it when it is hard and when it is uncomfortable and in-convenient. So no matter how many times this administration doubts their capacity or their compassion, they reach out. No matter how many times they try and force us to choose between taking care of someone else and taking care of ourselves, they do choose both. We cannot fall for that false choice, because if we, the United States of America, cannot figure out how to muster the resources, the courage, the boldness, and the political will to en-sure that no child suffers on our shores, who will? b1945 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for his eloquence and putting what has been a very dis-turbing period of time for the Amer-ican people in perspective. Indeed, as our children born in the United States witness what is taking place under the Trump administration, we all have to ask ourselves a question about who we are as Americans and what it is that we are leaving as a leg-acy for our children and our grand-children to inherit from us. I believe the gentleman from Massa-chusetts has really put it all into con-text. Indeed, here in the United States, where we have the access to the best of everything, we have limited ourselves by the artificial divisions that would subjugate some of humanity while ele-vating others. Having said that, I have been joined by one of the most eloquent speakers here in the House of Representatives. She is the chairwoman of our Steering and Policy Committee for the Demo-cratic Caucus and has been a fierce fighter for children and families. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to yield to the gentlewoman from the Third Congressional District of Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York with heartfelt thanks for organizing this ef-fort tonight and calling attention to what is such a poignant and powerful issue, one that we haven’t faced in a long time and one that has engaged the people of this country in a way that we have not seen in a very long time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to strongly con-demn the Trump administration’s pol-icy of child abuse—yes, it is child abuse—at our Nation’s border and to demand answers and solutions. The President’s zero-tolerance policy has separated thousands of children from their parents, some who are younger than a year old. I just saw my colleague from Ohio, MARCY KAPTUR , who was on the floor not that long ago, and she talked to me and said there have been two babies separated from their parents, ages 8 months and 11 months, and flown to Michigan. Think about it. Think about your own children. Think about your grand-children. The Trump administration is now keeping babies and toddlers in cages. The fencing is what you do for a dog run. It is the same kind of fencing that these children are in. Yesterday, the President signed an executive order. He claims it is going to fix the crisis that he made. Yet two infants were on a plane tonight, sepa-rated from their families and sent to Michigan. What is the weight of that executive order? It is not worth the paper it is written on. His executive order is not going to fix the crisis. Michelle Brane, director of the Wom-en’s Refugee Commission Migrant Rights and Justice program, describes the President’s executive order as ‘‘no solution.’’ She said ‘‘there are more than 2,000 children already separated from their parents. This executive order does nothing to address that nightmare.’’ There are 2,300 children who are in limbo. They don’t know where their parents are. They are too young, some of them, to know where their parents are, and their parents don’t know where they are. Have you ever been to a shopping mall on a Saturday with your kids or with your grandkids and all of a sudden you turn around and you can’t find them? The panic is overwhelming. You don’t know what to do first, who to call. You are looking around fran-tically. It is the same with a child who is calling out ‘‘Mommy,’’ ‘‘Grandma,’’ because they don’t know where their link is. This is the United States of America. What are we doing? It is a nightmare. This is about children. They are at the center of this crisis. As I see it, there are three crucial questions that President Trump and his fellow Republicans have yet to an-swer. First is reunification. There is no plan for reunification. How is this ad-ministration going to reunite children with their parents? According to statistics from the De-partment of Homeland Security, be-tween May and June, the Trump ad-ministration, as I said, took 2,300 chil-dren from their parents at the border. How are they going to guarantee prompt reunification of all of these children and their parents, especially when some of the parents have already been deported? Some of these children have none of the records necessary to turn them back to their parents or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.095 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5491 June 21, 2018 
even to verify who their parents are. Can you imagine? I fear that these children may never see their parents again. And that is what the former Director of U.S. Cus-toms and Enforcement, John Sandweg, said. He warned: ‘‘You could be cre-ating thousands of immigrant or-phans.’’ That is unspeakably heartbreaking, when you think about it, for many of these children and their parents. That last hug might have been their last hug. Can you imagine the terror? It is terror to not know where your child is and with the thought that you may never see that child again. I can-not imagine it. I was on the floor of the House today a good part of the day and I saw a lot of little tykes here, beautiful children playing on the chairs here in the safety and security with their mothers or their fathers who are sons, daughters, and Members of the House of Rep-resentatives, or maybe even grand-children. I had my grandchildren here last week. If you think that you might not ever see them again or they may not see you, that is what is happening on the border. What are the standards under which the Trump administration is detaining these children? Children are the most vulnerable in our society. We need to take extreme precaution whenever we take responsi-bility for them. What are the accommodations in these detention facilities in regard to healthcare, availability of mental health professionals? Experts are sounding the alarm about the health repercussions, the mental health repercussions. Luis H. Zayas is a professor of social work and psychiatry at the University of Texas at Austin. He said: ‘‘It’s not like an auto body shop where you fix the dent and everything looks like new. We’re talking about children’s minds. If that trauma continues over a long period of time, that can actually begin to shift brain development because it becomes more of a chronic trauma.’’ These children need professional care. Instead, there are reports that children are being sedated. They are being injected with sedatives to keep them calm. There are reports that spe-cial-needs children are not receiving any of the care and attention they need. That is unacceptable. There are clear standards on the books on how children are to be cared for in these situations. We need to ensure the Trump adminis-tration is following the law. Another area is oversight. Congress has a moral and constitutional obliga-tion to ensure the administration is taking the proper, immediate, and nec-essary steps to fix their own self-in-flicted crisis, which is why I introduced a resolution which 180 of my colleagues have supported and Democratic col-leagues have supported to condemn this policy as child abuse. This is child abuse, make no mistake. This is not an issue of right or left or Democrats or Republicans. This is an issue of right and wrong. That is why we sent a letter to the Office of Man-agement and Budget Director, Mr. Mulvaney, and HHS Secretary Azar on June 14 and asked about the costs that the President’s policy decision has in-curred. We have not heard an answer from them or from the administration on any of these questions—not on costs, not on reunification, not on standards, not on oversight. It is unacceptable. The President’s self-manufactured crisis is child abuse, plain and simple. As Members of this Congress, we have a moral responsibility, a moral obliga-tion to stand up and to say: Stop this child abuse. Mr. President, fix this cri-sis now. Your executive order didn’t do it. Humanity, this is about our human-ity. It is about the soul of this country and what we are about and where our values are. Whatever our views are on immigration, to watch what is hap-pening at our border with disrupting families, wrenching children from their parents is a disgrace, and it is one that we have to address as Members of Con-gress, and it is one that this President and this administration and those oth-ers who support this effort need to look into their hearts and souls and say: I can’t go there. Let’s do something else to help to make a difference. I want to thank the gentlewoman for all that she is doing to bring attention to this issue. God bless her. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Connecticut for her impassioned plea and for enumerating for us the type of work that we are going to have to engage in to redeem ourselves by looking at reunification of these fami-lies to the best of our ability. We are going to need the resources. We are going to need the will. We are going to have to redeem ourselves by getting these children back to their parents by whatever means we possibly can mus-ter. R
OSADELAURO also raised some very important questions about investiga-tion and oversight about child abuse. It is my hope that we will continue to be vigilant because, indeed, all of our souls are tied to what has transpired here. None of us can feel as though we don’t have a role to play in redeeming our country in what has just occurred. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to yield to the gentleman from the Fifth District of Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ), someone who has been a part of this body fighting for justice and human dignity. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, in less than a week, my office has received over 800 phone calls, emails, and letters from constituents regarding the crisis at the border, constituents who are alarmed, ashamed, and angry. Their outrage is warranted, and I share it. A Chicago public school teacher called, in tears, unable to shake the vi-sion of her second graders locked in cages. A U.S. marine called to share his re-cent bouts of PTSD and explained that the crisis reminded him of the time he and other American soldiers were forced to take Vietnamese children away from their parents. Countless constituents have pointed out the parallels between this inhu-mane practice and the internment of Japanese Americans in the 1940s and even the concentration camps of World War II. Countless more wanted to com-mit to a call to action, but they don’t know where to start or what could be done to combat the deplorable steps this administration has taken. While an active and engaged con-stituency is imperative to a strong de-mocracy, this isn’t their problem to fix. The primary solution to this hu-manitarian crisis must come from the administration that arbitrarily created the problem in the first place. Instead of stepping up to right this wrong and finally embrace the prin-ciples on which this country was found-ed, the President and his administra-tion have spent the past week blaming the Democrats for the heartbreaking, life-changing mess that he has made. Their attempts to cast blame and dis-tract attention from the emergency at hand does not change the facts. At least 2,300 children remain separated from their parents, living in uncon-scionable conditions, many behind cage-like fencing and unsure of when or if they will be reunited. b2000 In fact, the administration still does not have a coherent process for reunit-ing families, nor have they indicated that there ever will be one. If the President wants a legislative fix to this solution, we have one for him. Earlier this week, I joined 190 of my Democratic colleagues to introduce the Keep Families Together Act. Un-like the meaningless executive order the President signed, this bill carries real weight and, with it, real change by effectively ending this abhorrent pol-icy of separating families seeking safe-ty and opportunity. It clearly stipulates that no child is to be removed from their parent’s cus-tody, except under the most extreme of circumstance: instances of neglect, abuse, or risk of being trafficked. Be-yond that, it establishes that no gov-ernment agency can separate children from their parents for the sole purpose of deterring immigration to this coun-try. These children, the most innocent and vulnerable population, should never be used as leverage or a political bargaining chip. That is exactly what the President has tried to do. We will not stand by and let the ad-ministration get away with that. Nei-ther will the American people. We will continue to fight for a fairer immigra-tion system that is humane, smart, and cost effective. First and foremost, we must address this horror at the border. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.097 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5492 June 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for providing this time. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for bringing to the fore the con-cerns of children in our country who are looking at what is taking place on our border and not quite under-standing, not grasping, the weight of why and how something like this could happen in this country, the home of the brave and the land of the free. We are really in a space in time right now where every American is really questioning what we value in terms of one another’s humanity. Someone I know who has been a part of solution-driven policy is Ms. C
AROL  S
HEA-PORTER , the gentlewoman from the First Congressional District of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New Hampshire (Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ) at this time. Ms. SHEA-PORTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for holding this Special Order. This is so important to speak to the Nation tonight, and we must keep rais-ing our voices until the President backs off and fixes this. I am a Democrat, but I grew up in a conservative Republican family. What we all had in common was the idea that children were sacred—to be loved, to be cared for—and that families were the most important. I grew up in a large, large family with many, many kids and many adults around all the time. There wasn’t any problem because we under-stood that the children were what brought us together. So here we are now. I am in Congress. I have been here for 8 years. Never, ever, did I think that I would have to stand on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives and ask the President of the United States to stop locking ba-bies up, to stop putting babies in jail. This plan, his executive order, is not going to solve this problem. How big is this problem? In addition to the more than 2,000 children and their parents—and we don’t even know if the parents will ever be able to be re-united with their children because their parents have been deported— many of them—and separated, and they don’t even know where their children are, which is just heartbreaking. I think we all saw those images the other night of little girls being brought under the cover of darkness, after mid-night, in New York. Who is doing that to these little chil-dren who have done no harm to them? These children are refugees. They are not trying to break any laws. They are refugees. They were fleeing from dan-ger. Their parents carried them in their arms many, many miles through really treacherous terrain and conditions, to save them, just as so many of our fore-fathers and -mothers did to save their children. So it is hard for me to believe that we have to stand here and ask the President of the United States not to lock up these people. Now, there is a process, and every-body knows we need to have a process and a procedure at the border. But this is just cruel, inhumane, humiliating, and, frankly, has really hurt our image around the world. Everybody—every-body—in this time and age is now see-ing these pictures of these little chil-dren and seeing their parents—they are refugees—who are being turned away and wondering: Whatever happened to the shining city on the hill? Shining city. Whatever happened to us that we would do something like this? And why are we doing this? I am getting so many phone calls in my office, and I know that everybody else is also. They are not coming from just Democrats or Republicans. They are coming from people who have chil-dren, people who love children, grand-parents. They call up, they cry, and they say: Do something. Make this stop now. I can’t stand to see the pic-tures anymore. What is happening down there? Well, what is happening here is that we have a President who has locked up children. We just need to say it. When that first happened, they said they weren’t separating the children. Then they said, well, they are sepa-rating the children, but they are not in cages. Then we saw the pictures that they actually are in cages. Then all of our hearts broke. This can’t stay. This is a huge stain on this beautiful country that has been known as a place of refuge. We have been the place dreamt of by the world. When things have been ter-rible in their own corner of the world, when they have suffered from violence and they have suffered from war and all kinds of problems, they dreamt of coming to America. And Americans welcomed them. Something has changed. But not the American soul. It is not the American heart. It is not the American people. What has changed is the administra-tion. We have a President who is indif-ferent to this; and he has surrounded himself with people who are, in the kindest words to say, indifferent to this. We have to ask ourselves: Why are they doing this? Against all of our moral values, against the outcry, against many people in their own party who are saying: This is just wrong. This can’t be right. We have to stop. Why does the President continue to do this? Now they are talking about putting these children and their families on military bases. Again, you have to think: What are we planning on doing? Why are we not using the same tools that we have been using that were ef-fective? Why do we have to imprison these little ones and their parents? And the conditions. They can say all they want about the conditions; but we know that if you are in a tent in Texas in this season, you are broiling hot. We also know that the conditions, where so many people are packed in together, make it difficult to keep people healthy. So these little children are not only coming exhausted from their journey, but they are arriving and then are hav-ing to deal with all of the other prob-lems that they are seeing. The damage that we are doing to these children will not go away, ever. We have traumatized them. I am a social worker. I have worked with vulnerable children and their fam-ilies, and I know that the scars that they are going to carry will impact them forever. It is not just impacting them. The pictures that have come out from these places are absolutely locked in people’s minds. When we have some countries that are not friendly to America scold-ing us, something is really wrong. We have to insist that the President and his administration remember that this is not about the President and his administration; this is about our coun-try. Not just his country. It is our country. This is about our history of being the place of refuge and about caring about people, welcoming them, and knowing that the refugees who have come to our country—we like to brag about some of the people who have arrived and brought incredible talents and ad-vances in business and technology and science. We always say that is because we were the melting pot. We brought people in, and then they used their tal-ents and helped grow our economy and grow our country. That was something that we bragged about. We still say: Let’s go have Mexican food. Let’s go have Italian food. We have embraced so much of this. It has just become a regular thing because we have been a melting pot. But we are not using that word any-more. Apparently, we don’t feel that children who are born under very dif-ficult circumstances have a right to seek refuge. We put those babies in jail. Let that sit on our conscience for a little bit. More importantly, let that sit on the conscience of the President of the United States. It isn’t right. We know how wrong this is. When we see other countries talking about us and about our viola-tions of human rights, we really have lost it. I beg the President tonight, I beg his administration, to open their hearts, to look at these children, and to recognize that, when their families came over, most of those families did not come over well educated and with a lot of money in their pockets. Their fore-fathers and -mothers, as did mine, came in search of a better life. They were desperate, they were penniless, and they took a chance. No, they didn’t follow what we call proper channels because they weren’t there. The channels were, if you could get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.099 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5493 June 21, 2018 
enough money to get in a boat or you could get enough money to walk, you came. Then you enriched this country with your presence, with your hard work, with your embracing of Amer-ican values. Those American values are still there. The President needs to look around and recognize the damage that he is doing to our image, the damage that he is doing to those little ones, the damage that he is doing to their families, and the damage he is doing to us right now. He needs to stop, pause, and change direction. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New Hampshire for her impas-sioned plea, for really setting the table with regards to the type of child abuse that we have all witnessed and with which we are all trying to grapple at this time, and for appealing to the ad-ministration to correct course. Right now we are still in need of an-swers. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Illinois, Congresswoman J
ANSCHAKOWSKY , to speak at this time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my dear colleague and friend from New York for holding this moment so that we can all speak out. Like so many of my fellow Ameri-cans, I have absolutely been distraught the last several days, many days. Many days crying. We are getting hundreds of calls to my office here in Washington, my of-fice in the district. Many of those peo-ple are actually crying as they watch what is happening to children. I have to tell you that, in my life— and I am a mother and a grandmother and, for the last 20 years, a Member of this United States Congress—I have never seen such state-sponsored cru-elty, state-sponsored child abuse that we are seeing right now. There really isn’t any other word for it. Child abuse. The President of the United States has announced some sort of a so-called improvement, trying to fool an enraged Nation into thinking that they have reversed course on this issue of chil-dren coming, with their parent, across the border. In reality, the President’s executive order enables the indefinite incarcer-ation of immigrant families and has absolutely no plan to reunite babies who were ripped from their families, ripped from the arms of their parents. There are children who will still be in cages, Mr. Speaker. Frankly, I can’t stand it. I wonder if you can stand it, Mr. Speaker. I am the daughter of immigrants. Neither of my parents was born here in the United States of America. They came here because Jews were being persecuted in Russia, and they fled here. They were able to get to this country. They were helped to be reset-tled in the city of Chicago by the Sal-vation Army, for whom I am ever grateful in my life. My grandfather made it by getting a horse and wagon, getting up before dawn and loading up the wagon with vegetables, and going through the alleys of Humboldt Park in Chicago and schlepping bags of potatoes over his shoulder, up stairs, and into apart-ments. He and my grandmother—who made clothes for all the children, including my mother—sent four children to col-lege, because they worked so hard to fulfill the dream of taking care of their children and having a better life. b2015 The parents who are fleeing across this border are desperate. They are leaving domestic abuse, abuse from gangs threatening the lives of their children, sometimes leaving some chil-dren behind and taking the ones that they can across this border, because they believed that they could seek asy-lum in this country. And that was the rule, that is the law, until the Attor-ney General of the United States, di-rected by the President, said: No, we are no longer considering a right of asylum for people who are victimized by domestic abuse or gang abuse. No, not anymore. We are going to arrest them. We are going to put them in jail. Now understand, I bet you—we haven’t talked about this—that many of these children are not well, or their parents are not well, because this was a journey across countries, often walk-ing for mile after mile after mile—de-hydration, lack of proper nutrition— and now confined in places, separated from their parents. You have the chil-dren in one place and the parents in an-other place—in jails, essentially, and in cages for the children. What happens if there is a sickness that could pass across these children? If a child dies, will we know? Will we be told? Many times, they try to keep even Members of Congress out of seeing ex-actly what is going on. Some of my col-leagues—God bless them—have been able to visit and see. How come there are so few images? Because you can’t even take your phone in there to take pictures of what is going on. What do we know about the reality of the life of these children, the suffering of these children, the screaming of these children, that is now on the cover of Time magazine? I am telling you, this is not the United States of America. Shame, shame on President Trump; shame on congressional Republicans for their heartless, radical immigration agenda; and shame on anyone who is silent in the face of this abuse of children. Peo-ple are heartbroken, and now they have to rise up and say no to this. Mr. Speaker, I understand that there were mothers and children today at ICE in New York protesting. We need to see more of that. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman of the Ninth Congressional District of Il-linois, a very prominent member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, for really drilling down on a number of the issues that we all have to grapple with here in Congress as Members of the House of Representatives and of the U.S. Senate, that the administration under Donald Trump has to grapple with, and the American people. We really have to search our souls at this time and think about the children. We are talking about infants, who are breastfeeding, taken away from their mothers. We are talking about toddlers who are barely able to walk, who aren’t potty-trained, who have to be stacked up with a whole bunch of other chil-dren who they have no relationship with. We have heard reports of children trying to console one another and being chastised because they are afraid. They only have one another to cling to, and no one is there to hug them, to soothe them, and to make them feel okay. This is unreal in the 21st century that we would sink to such depths to prove a point. And what is the point again? That you cannot come to the United States seeking ref-uge from violence, from death and de-struction, as so many others have done in prior generations. These people, in particular, have no claim to asylum. That if you dare come and claim it, we will take your children, and we will ex-tract from you even more pain than you left in the country that caused you to flee. I can’t believe that this is the United States of America in the 21st century. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ), who has something that she would like to share, from the 12th Congressional District of New York, and a member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from the great State of New York, Y
VETTE CLARKE , for organizing this incredibly important Special Order. Her mother and I served together on the city council. She was one of my best friends there, and Yvette is one of my best friends here. I would say that Yvette and Una really have been major leaders in the immi-grant community, particularly from the Caribbean where her mother was born, and has been a leader on all forms of social justice to help immi-grants in our country, not just this dis-aster that we are confronting right now. Throughout history, we have been a nation to which the world’s oppressed and vulnerable look to for hope; a bea-con of light signaling a better life. The zero-tolerance policy put forth by the Trump administration utterly violates that tradition of values in this coun-try. Families are fleeing unspeakable danger and oppression only to arrive at our borders and be torn away from each other. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.100 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5494 June 21, 2018 
Yesterday, President Trump signed an executive order that halts seg-regated detention for parents and chil-dren. But we have to remember that the President created this crisis and al-ways had the power to reverse course. Why didn’t he do it sooner? Now the so-called solution seems to be that families will be detained to-gether, but we don’t know for how long and we don’t know where. All today, I have been looking for the girls. Where are the girls? I found de-tention centers for boys, I found them for men, and I found them for babies. I still haven’t gotten an answer where the young girls are. We are left with troubling questions. We don’t know where they are, and we don’t know how they are being treated. How and when will the thousands of children who have already been sepa-rated from their parents be reunited? Now I read that some parents have been sent back—deported—and their children are still here. How are we going to unite those families and bring them together? Last weekend, I joined members of the New York delegation and the New Jersey delegation, and we went to a de-tention center in Elizabeth, New Jer-sey. We had letters that said we could see the people who had been detained. It was signed by their lawyers and it was signed by the men. We went on Fa-ther’s Day to meet with the fathers. First, they wouldn’t let us in. They put papers on the wall in the windows so we couldn’t look in. Then finally, we demanded and demanded, and they fi-nally opened the doors and let us meet with five of the detainees. Four of them came to this country legally. They came seeking refuge, they came seeking asylum, and they went through the proper orders and the proper proce-dures. One did not. Because there was violence at the border, he came an-other way, and then turned themselves in to the authorities. Their stories were heartbreaking. Two of them broke down and literally cried. One father told a story that in his business, they were fishermen, his partner had been murdered. They were asking for them to pay them money, the gangs down in those areas. So the gang members went to the school look-ing for his daughter. He heard about it. She was going in the afternoon. He im-mediately took his daughter and fled and came to America. When he came to the border, they were then moved into a detention cen-ter. The authorities came to him at 3:00 in the morning and tore his daugh-ter out of his arms. He did not know where she was, and he did not know how to contact her. When we talked to the warden, we asked the warden in Elizabeth, New Jersey, at this deten-tion center, where his daughter was, and he didn’t know. Then he said he would try to find his daughter. Well, when I arrived today, I checked with my New Jersey colleagues. They had been in touch with the detention center and with the warden. They still had not found his daughter. This is dis-astrous. This is cruel. This is dan-gerous. We don’t know where this par-ticular child is, and we don’t know where the thousands of others are. We don’t know what kind of conditions these families are being held in, and we don’t know how long they are being held. We need to know these answers, and we have to hold this administra-tion accountable for completely ending this family separation policy that they initiated. Now, between May 5 and June 9, just 35 days, over 2,300 children have been separated from their parents at the southern border. Now, this, I think, is the worst action in our country regard-ing immigrants in the history of a country. And the other worst one is when we interned Japanese citizens that had fled and come to America. We interned them during World War II. But here we have over 2,000 children separated from their parents. That is 60 children per day for the past 35 days, who go to sleep at night not knowing when they will see their mothers or fa-thers again. Experts tell us that this is child abuse, and at the hands of our own government. This cannot be who we are as Ameri-cans. It is why I joined Ranking Mem-ber C
UMMINGS and every Democrat on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee to demand a hearing on this reckless policy. We kept asking, and the Republican majority never granted it. So, today, the Women’s Caucus held our own shadow hearing, where we heard from experts about health, about law, about humanity, and what we should be doing as a nation to help these children, not hurt them. I have signed on to Representative D
ELAURO ’s resolution condemning this horrific behavior as the child abuse that it is, and why I am an original co-sponsor of the Keep Families Together Act, introduced by my colleague and friend, J
ERRY NADLER , which bans the separation of migrant children from their families. These children, these families, and this country deserve so much better. We will not stop fighting until families are made whole again. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distin-guished colleague for her hard work on this issue, and so many others, that are important to our city of New York, our State, and our Nation. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for her sentiments as well. And as she has stated—I didn’t state this in the beginning of my re-marks—I happen to be a second genera-tion American myself. My parents came from the beautiful island nation of Jamaica in the Caribbean as foreign students in the 1950s. They came to this Nation where they knew that their talent and their work ethic would en-able them to reach their God-given po-tential, but could never have dreamt that they would live this long—they lived more time here in the United States than they ever did in the Carib-bean—as naturalized Americans to see this type of behavior take place in our country on the auspices of our govern-ment. I look at my octogenarian parents, and I say to them, this is not who we are as a nation. And that we stand with all the people of goodwill in this Na-tion who see this behavior from the Trump administration as totally ab-horrent. That we will not stand by idly and see this continue. We will be part of the resistance to make sure that these families’ human dignity are re-stored, and that these children, where possible, can be returned to their fami-lies, at whatever cost it may be. It may mean that we will have to do DNA test-ing, or it may mean that we will have to hire private investigators. Whatever the cost, it is up to us to make these families whole. b2030 They only came to this Nation seek-ing refuge, and what we gave them was heartache, was pain. What we have given these children is trauma, is pain, is heartache. What we are hearing of reports now from some of these privately hired-out contractors is children being abused, which was inevitable because, indeed, we are irresponsible in the behavior that this administration took. These organizations were not vetted. They tried to do all of this in the dark, and now we all pay a very dear price. We have all been stripped this much, a little bit more, of our humanity due to the behavior of the Trump adminis-tration, Donald Trump, and his Cabinet members who saw fit to hide this from the American people and to treat human beings as though they didn’t de-serve the human dignity that all human beings on this planet deserve. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you for giving us the time to share the per-spective of the Congressional Progres-sive Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all of my colleagues who came to the floor this evening. We stand shoulder to shoulder, united with the American people to make this right, to end this zero-tolerance policy, and to push back at every turn on the dehumanization of mankind, womankind, childkind across this globe that still regard this Nation as a shining city on a hill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we have a humanitarian crisis at our borders. A crisis initiated by an administration that purports to be the champion of ‘family values’ but whose actions do not value families. Yesterday, after much deserved criticism and push back, President Trump signed an executive order that modified his ‘‘zero-toler-ance’’ policy by detaining parents and children apprehended by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection together, possibly on military bases, instead of separating them. The executive order, however, is silent re-garding where the families would be detained 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.102 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5495 June 21, 2018 
or whether children will continue to be sepa-rated from their parents while the facilities to hold them are located or built. We have so much work to do, because even in ending the heinous practice of sepa-rating families, there are still many legal and practical obstacles. Kenneth Wolfe, a spokesman for the Admin-istration for Children and Families, a division of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, initially stated that ‘‘there will not be a grandfathering of existing cases.’’ Mr. Wolfe was later to be corrected by Brian Marriott, Senior Director of Communications for the Department of Health and Human Services, who stated that Mr. Wolfe had ‘‘misspoke’’ and insisted that ‘‘it is still very early, and we are awaiting further guidance on the matter.’’ Mr. Marriot then said that ‘‘reunification is al-ways the goal’’ and that the agency ‘‘is work-ing toward that’’ for the children separated from their families because of President Trump’s policy. While there is a possibility that the children could be connected with other family members or sponsors living in the United States, it is not necessarily the parent they were separated from at the border. This raises the heart-breaking questions of what happens to the more than 2,300 children who have already been separated from their parents under the president’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy? We have all heard the wailing of detained immigrant children on audio tapes and we have all seen the heartbreaking pictures. The latest reports suggest that very young infants, some as young as 3 months old, are being separated and being placed in ‘‘tender age shelters.’’ This is outrageous. This past weekend, I was at a processing center in McAllen, Texas and the Southwest Key Programs’ Casa Padre which houses 1,500 children, most of them separated from their parents. I saw people huddled in cages. I saw children who certainly needed to be with their parents. Like nine-month old baby Roger, who I held in my arms. Or Leah, a one year old, separated from her grandmother and her sister, whose love for her would have provided comfort and protec-tion. As the Founder and Chair of the Congres-sional Children’s Caucus and as a parent and grandparent, this is unacceptable. Studies have documented that when young children are forcibly removed from their par-ents, the traumatic experience engenders long-term negative effects on their physical and mental health and well-being suffers. In one famous experiment in Romania, doc-tors considered the results later in life of those children separated from their parents. The activity in the children’s brains was much lower than expected. ‘‘If you think of the brain as a lightbulb,’’ Charles Nelson, a pediatrics professor at Har-vard Medical School said, ‘‘it’s as though there was a dimmer that had reduced them from a 100-watt bulb to 30 watts.’’ The children, who had been separated from their parents in their first two years of life, scored significantly lower on IQ tests later in life. Their fight-or-flight response system ap-peared permanently broken. Stressful situations that would usually prompt physiological responses in other peo-ple—increased heart rate, sweaty palms— would provoke nothing in the children. The effects of these traumatic experi-ences—especially in children who have al-ready faced serious adversity—are unlikely to be short-lived, and can likely last a lifetime. The stressed endured by a child in custody is exacerbated when the child does not speak a language that is not English or Spanish. Although the government has a legal obliga-tion to provide reasonable language services to unaccompanied minors, many children ar-riving to the U.S. speak indigenous languages and have little or no translation assistance provided by the U.S. government. The last time this nation had policies that promoted the forcible separation of children from newly arrived persons was slavery: a dark chapter in this nation’s history that we should not revisit. Today, the parents of these thousands of children will not be deterred from finding ways to reunite with their children, even reentering the United States under the threat of imprison-ment. It would be unconscionable to prosecute parents under these circumstances. The level of callousness displayed by this administration towards those seeking refuge within our borders is shocking and the world is taking note. Yesterday, Theresa May, the Prime Minister of our closest ally Great Britain, denounced the ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy on the floor of the House of Commons. His Holiness Pope Francis said the ‘‘zero- tolerance’’ policy is contrary to Catholic val-ues. The Most Reverend Bishop Michael Curry stated that for Christians, Jesus of Nazareth is the standard of conduct for your life—he tells us—‘‘love God and love thy neighbor.’’ However, the Trump Administration has for-gotten that. The United States Secretary of Homeland Security Kirstjen Nielsen defended this egre-gious policy. Attorney General Jeff Sessions used Ro-mans 13 (submit to rulers) to justify the ‘‘zero- tolerance’’ policy. It is outrageous to use the Bible—Romans 13—to justify this policy. However, many used Romans 13 to justify horrors in history such as slavery and Nazism. The more operative biblical passages should be, Matthew 7—the golden rule—or Matthew 25—I was a stranger and you wel-comed me (‘‘least of these’’). National policy regarding immigration legis-lation should not create greater fear for fami-lies already traumatized by intolerable condi-tions in their home countries. U.S. immigration policy should not deter ref-ugees from seeking asylum within our borders. I am thankful to the 60 members of the United States Senate of Congress who said enough is enough to the despicable ‘‘zero-tol-erance’’ policy. I am thankful to the Republican governors of Maryland and Massachusetts who ended their contribution of National Guard deployments because they too are saying ‘‘not in my name.’’ But there is still more work to be done. We should welcome mothers carrying their babies to a safe haven and ensure the safety of their children. The Trump administration is utterly failing in its basic duty to treat all persons with dignity and compassion. Rather, it is making a mockery of our na-tional values and reputation as a champion of human rights. We are a great country with a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and oppressed. And it is in that spirit that we should act. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is rec-ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to be recognized here on the floor of the House of Representa-tives and take up a topic that I have been hearing about here for some time. It seems as though the Nation is wrapped up in an immigration discus-sion again. We seem to peak out on our peak concern of immigration issues a couple of times a decade, and a lot of the same topics are debated over and over again. I have been listening to the minority here for some time, a full hour, I be-lieve, and a number of things come to mind that don’t seem to match up the same from my perspective as theirs, and one of them is, you know, the dis-cussion about separating families. I have made multiple, multiple trips down to the border. I have traveled most of the miles of the border. I can’t say definitively that I have traveled them all—I don’t know if anyone has— but I have flown a lot of it, driven a lot of it, walked a fair amount of it, ridden with the Border Patrol sometimes for days on end, and sat down at night and listened in the darkness at some of the most dangerous crossings there are as illegal aliens come through the fence and over the border. I have been there as part of the ar-rests of the drug smuggling that comes through our border. I have seen MS–13 be among those that we arrested for smuggling drugs into the United States of America. I have watched as we paroled into the United States, I will say, the casualties from the bar fights on the Mexican side of the border and the knifings that have taken place there, and I have vis-ited some of those folks in the hospital. I have met and discussed with the hospital officials the cost to them for funding the medical care for people who are not only not Americans, they are not American citizens. They are not American green card holders. They aren’t even illegal aliens in America. They are paroled into America for medical care out of the compassion and the sympathy of our hearts. So to hear the discussion about how cruel we are, how mean we are, how 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.040 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5496 June 21, 2018 
heartless we are, some of these phrases—I wrote a couple of them down, Mr. Speaker. Apparently, I did so on a different piece of paper. However, here is one, ‘‘tore his daughter out of his arms,’’ speaking of a father and a daughter. We just heard that a little bit ago, Mr. Speaker. ‘‘Tore his daughter out of his arms’’; ‘‘babies separated from their parents, some at 8 months, some at 11 months’’; ‘‘it is a disaster’’; ‘‘it is cruel’’; it is dangerous’’; ‘‘this is child abuse’’— these are the things that I am listening to. Well, I took the trouble to go and to visit those locations, and I am think-ing in particular of McAllen, Texas, in the Brownsville area, where we have multiple locations of transfer homes for these children. Most of them are unaccompanied alien children who have come into America on their own, and they are older than they are de-scribed to be, and some of them are older than they say they are. In fact, I see some of these juveniles in the juvenile cell at the Border Pa-trol, and those folks that are under 18, presumably, with a little gray in their beard. That is a little bit of a give-away. You would think that they might at least shave so that doesn’t show up. But they are not the way they are characterized to be. As I stand on the border and go into these locations, the first one, I think, of focus and attention would be going into the locations where the unaccom-panied alien children are housed. One of the first locations that they set up when the largest flood came into the United States about 3 years ago was a huge warehouse in McAllen, Texas. In that huge warehouse, they moved in there and they went to work. In a matter of 17 days, Mr. Speaker, they cleaned everything out of that ware-house, squared it away, washed it down, scrubbed it down, wired it, and put in a full air-conditioning system along with chain link barriers in there that set it off in kind of like partitions for large rooms. You have to do that, because when you have several hundred or even sev-eral thousand youth that you have to take care of, you can’t leave the boys and the girls together. You have got to separate them to a degree by age, and they did that. So they had them managed in that fashion, the younger boys in this area, little bit older boys in this area, the more older boys in this area, and the same with the girls; keep the boys and the girls separated except for certain activities such as the outdoor recre-ation that they had. So people say, well, that is cruel, be-cause they saw—this all got started be-cause we saw a picture on the internet of a little boy standing behind a chain link fence, and it was advertised that that little boy, Mr. Speaker, was in a cage, that we had been putting these unaccompanied alien children in cages. Well, no. It was a huge warehouse, an air-conditioned warehouse. You can stand any child in a school-yard—that is the same kind of fence that is in the schools all over America, all over the world so far as I know, chain link fencing. You could stand a little boy or a little girl behind that chain link fencing in the corner and take a picture of them and contend that they were in a cage. It is not a cage. It was a large divided area. And some of those areas were large enough that they were playing soccer in them. So when these kids come in, they get a shower. They get cleaned up. They get medical care. They get a medical examination to see if they are carrying any disease, if they have any injuries, if they need any medical treatment of any kind, and they will square them away with any medical treatment that they need. They get a fresh change of clothes. When they go in, they get three squares a day. They get a mattress to sleep on that is about three or four times more comfortable than a sleep-ing bag. It is not a fancy four-poster bed, but it is a warm, comfortable place to sleep. They get their own blan-kets, their own coverage that way. And they are managed all the time. They have the things that they need. Somebody said to me: Well, but they only get 2 hours of fresh air a day. This is hot. It is hot. It is in Texas. It is hot in south Texas. They are play-ing soccer indoors in air-conditioning. My kids didn’t ever get to do that. My grandkids don’t get to do that. I never got to do that. But that is what is going on down there. They are not abused and they are not short of the things that they need to be taken care of. And, yes, there are coun-selors there to talk with them. And by the way, the most recent trip was last October. It was a bipartisan trip. I have heard one of the Members who was on that trip from the other party complaining about how badly we were treating these kids, but it wasn’t her concern when we were down there asking questions of the people who were taking care of them. That Member did ask a lot of ques-tions, was concerned about their care, but not alarmed because these children didn’t have their mother or their fa-ther with them. That wasn’t an issue that was raised at all. So all of a sudden it becomes the sub-ject du jour that they ‘‘tore his daugh-ter out of his arms.’’ Well, there is a way to characterize that, isn’t it? I don’t think that actually fits at all. I think if you had the video, you couldn’t characterize it that way. But here is what does tear a baby from its mother, and it is called abor-tion. If you want to really see, Mr. Speaker, how bad that is—nobody has got a video of what goes on in the abor-tion mill because it is too ghastly. But if a baby is ever torn from its mother, it is through abortion, and it doesn’t seem to bother the folks on the other side of the aisle. They will rail away for days on end about 2,000 juveniles who were separated from their parents because—well, usually a parent, be-cause the parent committed a crime. I would submit there are more Amer-ican citizens who are separated from their children because those American citizens committed crime on a daily basis than there are illegal alien moth-ers or fathers who are separated from their illegal alien children, because when they commit a crime, that is what happens. So we have tens of thousands of American citizens in prison today who are separated from their sons and daughters. Usually it is the dads, not as often the moms, but that doesn’t seem to bother the left either, how many of these criminal American citi-zens are separated, but it does bother them, apparently, because there is po-litical hay to be made over making a big issue out of this. The people taking care of these chil-dren down here are compassionate. They are giving gentle, loving care. We are hiring coaches to play soccer with them in the air-conditioned building, and yet they are being characterized as a cage. Well, what shall I say? One of the largest warehouses I have seen any-where is not a cage, but they do have dividers in there that are made out of chain link, the same thing that is used in the playgrounds, the fences around the playgrounds, Mr. Speaker. So I think there is a lot of hyperventilation going on here and very little substance, but the President addressed this with an executive order. And by the way, I support the policy change that he brought forth with his executive order, but it is not enough to satisfy the left. They will never be sat-isfied. I have long said that if I had a magic wand—let’s see if I have got one here in my pocket, a magic wand—and I would say to the left, ‘‘You have got all the rest of the year to come up with a list of all of the things that you want and you can write these policy changes down and agree on them; and I don’t care how long that list is, it can be in-finity minus one, all of the things you have, and when the ball drops at Times Square in New York for the new year, I will wave the magic wand and you can have all the policy changes that you plotted up from today till Decem-ber 31 at midnight,’’ and if we made that deal and I agreed to all of that and this wand actually were magic, and when the ball dropped at Times Square and the new year started, I would say, ‘‘Presto, here you go; now you have got all the things you want. We have solved all of the problems’’—well, that would probably include the impeach-ment of Donald Trump, so I would ex-empt that one from the list, Mr. Speak-er, but all the rest of them, here is what would happen: They would stay up all night the rest of the night whin-ing about being cheated because we didn’t give them enough time to come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.105 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5497 June 21, 2018 
up with the things they wanted to do to our country, and they would never be satisfied. And if I required that they had to show us what they wanted America to look like once they had their globalist utopia established, they wouldn’t be able to paint it, because they can’t see into the future. All they want to do is tear down what is and continue to tear down what is rather than build up what is best for us. That means they are turning their back on the foundations laid down by our Founding Fathers, turning their back on constitutional issues, Mr. Speaker, turning their back and denying the very human nature components of this. And, you know, when I see that Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Harry Reid, C
HUCK SCHUMER , all of them have spo-ken for at least a measure of border se-curity, build a wall, we can’t be a sov-ereign nation if we don’t secure our borders, all of those folks have spoken in that way 20 years ago, but not any-more—not anymore because they have decided, as a party, that they have an advantage for pouring illegal aliens into the United States of America be-cause it picks up for them. These illegal aliens are counted in the Census. If you noticed the hyperventilation, Mr. Speaker, that came out when the administration an-nounced that they were going to count citizens separately in the Census, and, oh, my gosh, you would have thought that the world had come to an end as far as the Democrats were concerned, Mr. Speaker, because they are afraid that it will suppress the count of human beings. They believe that ille-gal aliens deserve to be represented in the United States Congress. And by the way, they are, they are represented in the United States Con-gress. We have now held a couple of hearings on this. I held a hearing in the Constitution Committee that I chair just a few weeks ago. But I recall testi-mony from about 10 or 12 years ago that came from Steve Camarata, Dr. Steve Camarata of the Center for Im-migration Studies, who testified that if we counted citizens for redistricting purposes rather than people, so then people would include legal and illegal immigrants, but noncitizens, if we only counted citizens and redistricted ac-cordingly, then what we would have would be somewhere between 8 and 11— this is his old testimony—8 and 11 con-gressional districts that would move out of States like Florida, Texas, and California into States like Utah, Iowa would pick a seat back up again, and Indiana. Those States come to mind in that fashion. b2045 But as it is, illegal aliens are counted alongside citizens. The congressional seats here are different because we are not counting citizens for reapportion-ment purposes; we are counting all peo-ple. So why is it that they want to invite illegals into their cities like Los Ange-les, like maybe MAXINE WATERS ’ dis-trict? Why do they want to protect them? It gives them political power. And it takes me a lot more votes to be elected or reelected in my district, be-cause I have a low percentage of illegal aliens. And it takes a lot fewer votes if you are in a district with a high per-centage, presuming that the illegal aliens are not voting. And they are vot-ing in increasing numbers, and that has been proven, too. So we have people that have a polit-ical gain that comes out of promoting illegal immigration. We are hearing it come out of the mouths of the people on the left time after time after time, to make a political issue out of this. The most successful institutions over the last two centuries, Mr. Speaker, are the nation-states, the nation- states. You have to be a sovereign na-tion-state, and that requires a border. You have to control who comes and who goes outside of that border or in-side of that border. That is what na-tions do. And inside the nation-state, you have to have the rule of law. That law also covers who comes and who goes. Our Founding Fathers understood this. They wrote it into our Constitution. And they established that the Congress establishes immigration policy, be-cause they knew they were estab-lishing a nation-state. The nation-states had not been estab-lished for that long or that successfully in the time that our Founding Fathers laid down the foundation for America, but they had the vision on how best to build a country. They wrote some of it in the Declaration and the rest of it in the Constitution. Here we are, well past two centuries of terrific success, the unchallenged greatest Nation in the world. We have created a larger economy, a stronger military, a more powerful culture, more influential around the world than any country has ever seen, and it is built upon the pillars of American exceptionalism. Those pillars are de-scribed as Ronald Reagan described often for us: The shining city on the hill. Mr. Speaker, I can see that shining city on the hill in my mind’s eye, painted by President Reagan, whom I revered. But I would argue that really isn’t a shining city on the hill. I would rather envision this shining city as a shining city built upon the pillars of American exceptionalism. Those pil-lars of American exceptionalism, the perimeter pillars around the outside edge with a central pillar in the middle that holds it all together, but around the outside edge would be a pillar for freedom of speech, a pillar for freedom of religion, a pillar for freedom of as-sembly, a pillar for freedom of the press. That is just the First Amend-ment. Another pillar for Second Amendment rights, the right to keep and bear arms so that we can protect all of our other rights. And on up the line, a pillar for property rights and the Fifth Amendment; nor shall pri-vate property be taken for public use without just compensation. Another pillar for being tried by a jury of our peers, no double jeopardy, and on around the line. A few other pillars along the way that aren’t in the Bill of Rights, and another one would be free enterprise capitalism as our economic system that has been a foundation for the suc-cess of America. And the property rights not only that I have quoted in the Fifth Amendment, but also intel-lectual property rights, so that cre-ators have a right to the proceeds of their work. Then, as I define these pillars around the outside, the perimeter pillars in this shining city on the pillars of American exceptionalism, I would add to that, as I said, free enterprise cap-italism, the dynamic economy that we have, and Judeo-Christian values that are core in the foundation. They are the founding of our country. They are the core of the moral foundation that we are, as a people. They are part of our religion, and they are part of our culture. This Nation would collapse if we ever lost them. And when they are weakened, America goes wobbly. But all of these pillars that I have de-scribed are perimeter pillars. The cen-tral pillar of American exceptionalism, the one that we cannot and dare not sacrifice, is the rule of law. That is the central pillar that sits in the middle that anchors everything else that it sets upon and ties together. What is happening here in this Con-gress, this day and these days, is a re-lentless effort that is eroding this es-sential pillar of American exceptionalism called the rule of law. Whenever a Member gets up and ar-gues that we should grant amnesty to illegal aliens because it makes our hearts feel good, what we are doing is desecrating these pillars of American exceptionalism and chiseling away on them and eroding them. Our job needs to be to refurbish the pillars of Amer-ican exceptionalism, not erode them. So to go back into some of these top-ics that are being addressed by people on the other side of the aisle and peo-ple on this side of the aisle, they con-tinually say that it is too dangerous in these countries in Central America, so we need to get these young people out of countries like, let’s say, Honduras, El Salvador, Venezuela, Colombia, Belize, Guatemala, Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Dominican Republic, Brazil. Get people out of there. Get young people out of there, because it is too dangerous for them. They might be killed by the gangs down there. I recall sitting in a Judiciary Com-mittee meeting when John Conyers was the ranking member from Detroit, and they were making that argument, that it is too dangerous in Central America for these young people, these, let’s say, 13-, 14-, 15-, 16-, 17-year-olds, especially boys, to get them out of there and bring them into America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.106 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5498 June 21, 2018 
Well, where do they put them? Right back into the inner city here, in a cen-ter of an ethnic enclave that is full of gangs. So I said, if you think it is too dan-gerous for those children in Guate-mala, that they should go to America, you had better not take them to De-troit, because it is more dangerous in Detroit than it is in Guatemala. It is more dangerous in Baltimore than it is in Honduras. It is more dangerous sometimes in Washington, D.C. It is more dangerous in New Orleans. It is more dangerous in St. Louis, especially East St. Louis, than it is in any of these countries down here that I have just mentioned. But, Mr. Speaker, these countries that I mentioned, and I am going to go through it in a little more detail, these are the top 10 most violent countries in the world. There is a website called worldlifeexpectancy.com, and I have followed it for a decade or so. So these are the most current num-bers, Mr. Speaker, and I think it is im-portant for the body to understand what is going on here. We are listening to people advocate for bringing prime gang-age young men, especially, out of these countries into America. They are coming from the most violent coun-tries in the world, some of them going into the most violent cities in Amer-ica. We know the countryside is safer than the cities, statistically at least. So here are some numbers. The most violent country in the world right now, the one where you can have a greater expectancy of dying a violent death, is Honduras. Honduras has a 94.47 violent deaths per 100,000 rate, according to worldlifeexpectancy.com. That is Hon-duras. Then El Salvador, Number two, the second most violent country in the world: 62.82 violent deaths per 100,000 reported. There have been times when El Salvador was so bad that they didn’t give you a number. At least there is a number here. I don’t know that I trust it, but we know it is very high. Venezuela: 50.5 violent deaths per 100,000. That is number 3. Number 4, it is the only one out of the top 10 that is not south of the Rio Grande, by the way: Zimbabwe, 47.41. Now we are back to our familiar Western Hemisphere again, south of the Rio Grande: Colombia, 47 violent deaths per 100,000; Belize, 41.54 violent deaths per 100,000; Guatemala, their numbers have been a lot higher. They seem to be a little lower now, but they are still seventh highest in violent death rate in the world: 39.85 violent deaths per 100,000. Then: Jamaica, 34.79; Trinidad and Tobago, 31.74; and number 10, Domini-can Republic comes in at 31.18 violent deaths per 100,000. Now you think, okay, what does this mean proportionally? A few more along the way that I have here. That is Dominican Republic. Then Brazil, 29.50. So what this tells you is nine of the top 10 most violent countries in the world are south of the Rio Grande River, and 10 of the top 11 most violent countries in the world are south of the Rio Grande. But one of them is not Mexico. Mex-ico doesn’t come up on this until you get to number 19, and it is easy to re-member. Mexico is the 19th most vio-lent country in the world, and they have 19 violent deaths per 100,000. So if we wanted to enhance violence in America, if we wanted more violence instead of less, one of the things that you would do is you could go look at the most violent countries in the world, try to pick the most violent de-mographics out of there, young men, and bring them into America if you wanted to ensure that there would be more crime in America. That is an irrefutable equation. If you go to Honduras and you load up several thousand young men that are 15-, 16-, 17-, 18-, 19-, and 20-years-old, and you bring them in and you drop them into the inner city in Detroit or Baltimore or East St. Louis or Los An-geles, I mean, what do you expect is going to happen, Mr. Speaker? Are there going to be more murders there, or are there going to be less? I don’t think it is any question at all. There will be more murders because of this. There will be more rapes. There will be more assaults. There will be more thefts. There will be more violent crime of all kinds. There will be more drugs dealt. By the way, some of them, in fact a lot of them, become or are already MS– 13. And MS–13, are they sending people into America to expand their drug reach? We know, Mr. Speaker, that they are doing that. And why? Well, they are perpetrating violence. They are shaking down the neighborhoods. They are extracting the mordida pay-ments out of the people around them and threatening the people around them. We know this. They are killing Americans. I met with some of the families out of New York. One in particular had their daughter killed, just clubbed to death. One had been killed with a machete. And this is MS–13. But the drug gangs in this country— we had the Director of the Drug En-forcement Agency, Mr. Patterson, be-fore the Judiciary Committee here about a month ago, as I recall, and I asked him a few questions, Mr. Speak-er, and it was like this: What percentage of the illegal drugs consumed in America come from or through Mexico? The answer that he agreed to was 80 to 90 percent of the il-legal drugs consumed in America come from or through Mexico. They are not all produced in Mexico. Some of those drugs, a lot of them, are smuggled out of China. Then they proc-ess the drugs there, and they smuggle them into the United States, because that is the most expeditious route. Now, it is our responsibility, here in the United States, because we have the demand for illegal drugs. But that is part of it. We need to address it here on the demand side, but we also have to address it on the interdiction side, and we need to address it with regard to Mexico and points south that are part of this equation that is producing and pushing these drugs up into America, particularly fentanyl, the highly, high-ly dangerous drug that coming in con-tact with that one time can kill you, and a very small dose of it can do that. But we have a tremendous number of people coming out of the most violent countries in the world being brought into America, and we are being told we should have sympathy for that. Those are the boys I am talking about. I counted the numbers down there and looked at the data some time back of the unaccompanied alien children coming into America: 81 percent young males, most of them in that 14- to 16-, 17-year-old age group. But they were 81 percent males then. If you look at the pictures, riding the Beast, that train of death, you might see 30 or 40 young men there and one or two girls or young women there. But other information that I picked up in traveling around through Central America and down in McAllen and talking to the kids in the transfer cen-ters, I learned this, Mr. Speaker, that it went from seven different sources. These are supervisory sources that were working with these kids. They insisted that 100 percent of the girls got birth control before they were sent from home on up across into the United States. Say the distance of that is, El Salvador to McAllen, 1,500 miles. McAllen to Minnesota another 1,500 miles, just to put it in proportion. b2100 They would say: No, 100 percent of the girls get birth control pills. They put them on the pill. They give them plan B, the morning after part of it, and they expect that they will be raped. And the consistent message from those same seven different inde-pendent sources that didn’t index with each other, that 75 percent—75 per-cent—of the girls who are traveling across Mexico into the United States are raped, 75 percent. Now, it is a ghastly thought to think that anybody would take their daugh-ter or granddaughter and give them birth control pills and send them on a journey like that believing that some-how they would send them into Amer-ica, knowing they were going to be raped before they got here as they came across Mexico. That is a piece of this equation that doesn’t get stated very often, Mr. Speaker, and that is as close to known facts as we can get. That is field research done by this Member and another Member of Con-gress, and they are the right kind of witnesses. So I have described the violence. I have described the drugs. I have de-scribed the types of victims that we have, 50,000 of them a month for the last 3 months in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.108 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5499 June 21, 2018 
That turns out to be 600,000 illegals coming into America that we would be interdicting, not counting those that get past us that we don’t see; 600,000 will be the target number, I guess I will say, the predicted number for the cal-endar year of 2018. In addition to this, as we talked about, Mr. Speaker, ripping children from their father’s arms or from their mother’s arms, and I said what really does that is abortion, ripping a child from her mother in that fashion. We bring into this country between 1 and 1.2 million legal immigrants each year. Let’s just round that to a mil-lion, Mr. Speaker, a simple number. Well, that happens to be identical to the number of abortions in America each year: 1 million. So, since 1973 and Roe v. Wade, there have been 60 million babies aborted in this country, and about the same num-ber of legal immigrants that have come into America. It just came into my head a couple days ago as I was listening to someone speak, Mr. Speaker, that, for every time a legal immigrant comes into America, we abort an American baby here. And that baby goes, I guess I could say as gently, into the disposal at Planned Parenthood. That baby is destroyed for every individual that comes into America legally. And 600,000 illegals coming into America that we have to adjudicate, and who knows how many come in that we aren’t catching, that we are not ad-judicating. These American babies, these 60 mil-lion American babies are a hole in the demographics of America, and they are a heavy weight on the guilty con-science of a country—60 million babies. And when you do the back-of-the-en-velope calculation to find out what about those future mothers who were aborted, what about those future fa-thers who were aborted, what would they have done? How many children would they have had starting in 1973? I did that calculation, and it is only an estimate, and I wouldn’t say that there isn’t a better way to come up with it, but what I came to was an-other number. These 60 million babies that have been aborted, roughly 30 mil-lion of them are girls. And of those 30 million girls, some of them would have had babies by now. As you do the calculation on what the birth rate was then for those ear-lier years, you are looking at perhaps as many as another 60 million babies would have been born, except their mothers and presumably their fathers were aborted, too. So someplace 60 million aborted, 60 million babies not born because their mothers were aborted. Somewhere around 100 million to 120 million Amer-icans are missing as a result of abor-tion. And we are wrapped around the axle because of 2,000 children who were tem-porarily separated from their parents because their parents committed the crime, at least the crime of unlawful entry into the United States of Amer-ica, if not other crimes like document fraud and whatnot. But all of the criminals who are put into prison who are American citizens are separated from their children, and I am listening to the angst over here that I think is unnecessary hyperventilation, Mr. Speaker. I think of a mother who was sepa-rated from her daughter and how I came to learn that. About, roughly, a decade ago, a little more than a decade ago, I guess, I went over to Iraq to visit our troops over there, and I flew into Kuwait City, the airstrip there. I was met by a young National Guard captain. It was the middle of the night, about 1, 1:30 in the morning, and she met me and escorted me over to Camp Arifjan, which was where the 1168th Transportation Unit was based as they were hauling equipment and manpower into Baghdad over land from there, a fairly dangerous run. As the captain took me to visit the troops—and I spoke to a good-size group of the troops. But then after-wards, she had six of her troops who had personal issues that they couldn’t solve while they were deployed in Iraq, and I sat town with each of those troops individually, took notes, and put together a bit of a plan of action of what I could do to try to help. I did follow through and did what I could do. I think I helped some of them. I don’t know that I solved it all. She said I did, but I didn’t think so, Mr. Speaker. In any case, I learned this young cap-tain had a 4-year-old daughter who was home, and this young captain was sepa-rated from her daughter at the age of 4. So I promised, since the girl was being taken care of by her father and the message was that things were okay at home, I promised I would go check on her daughter because sometimes that Mr. Mom stuff doesn’t get confessed over the email when Mom is deployed in the war zone. So when I got back to the States, I traveled back to Iowa and set up an ap-pointment and went down to visit that home. And there is this little 4-year- old girl, and she had long blonde hair with reddish highlights in it, stovepipe curls, went all the way down to her waist in the back, Mr. Speaker. I sat there and talked to her father. I talked to this 4-year-old girl, and she had matching dimples, the cutest thing, right out of Norman Rockwell, and an energy, sparkle in her eye, a smile on her face, the laughter in her voice. Kids are the source of all joy, by the way. I remember her trucking around the living room and out to the kitchen and running around and full of energy, but also full of love. And it broke my heart to see that little 4-year-old girl and think about her mother being deployed in a war zone, missing out on 13 months of some of the most joyful time you can have raising a child. That child was separated from her mother, and that child’s mother’s name is, today, Senator J
ONIERNST , and her daughter is Libby Lou, who is now going to the Military Academy. But we have people who are sepa-rated from their families on a con-sistent basis. Everybody who is de-ployed who has children is separated from those children for long periods of time, a lot longer than they are sepa-rated from their children when they sneak into America and break our laws. I honor them. I respect them. I revere them. That has touched my heart for all these years, having seen that, and I have never heard a word of complaint out of either the mother or the daugh-ter or the dad, for that matter, Mr. Speaker. So I want to remind the body that this separation is not unique to crimi-nal aliens. It is just that it seems that our sympathy is a bit misplaced when we should be thinking about the sepa-ration and thankful that they are will-ing to endure it, the separation that takes place from our Army, our Navy, our airmen, and our marines, and all of those who are serving and protecting our God-given liberty and what that means to our country. So I think of another time that there was a severe personal problem of a young man who was serving over in the middle of Iraq at Camp Victory. I won’t describe that personal problem, Mr. Speaker, but I will just say that it broke my heart to know what was going on also in his personal life. As I went over to visit him and his unit and present a flag to them that had been flown over the Capitol in his unit’s honor, I mentioned to him how difficult it must be. He looked me in the eye with a stoic, patriotic look and he said: It is manageable, sir. Well, he served his duty and served his time and he served our country nobly and honorably and demonstrated that it was manageable. This difficulty on the southern bor-der is manageable, too, but we have high principles that we must restore. And the highest principle we must re-store is respect for the rule of law. When Ronald Reagan signed the Am-nesty Act in 1986, I watched this debate take place here in the House and in the Senate. And, no, I didn’t have C–SPAN then. I watched the text of it and I read the stories on it, and I listened to the newspaper stories as they went on. And when it passed the House and passed the Senate, the Amnesty Act of 1986 that was supposed to be for a mil-lion people, there was supposed to never be another amnesty again so long as this country should live, and they would enforce the law and secure the border at every point since that time. But I didn’t believe it, of course, and I was right not to believe it. When the bill got to President Rea-gan’s desk, President Reagan signed the bill with the advice of most, if not all, of his Cabinet. And most, if not all, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.111 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5500 June 21, 2018 
of those who advised him to sign it have regretted that advice because they saw that it was a big mistake. And Ronald Reagan regretted that sig-nature on the 1986 Amnesty Act as well. But we are here dealing with the problems created by that Amnesty Act because we didn’t restore the respect for the rule of law. The right thing to do in 1986 would have been to continue the kind of enforcement that Dwight Eisenhower was utilizing during his terms of office. Here is some of the data that I hap-pen to have in my pocket, Mr. Speaker. Dwight Eisenhower mounted a border enforcement program in 1954. In 1954, 1,074,277 illegal aliens were verified to voluntarily return to their home coun-try. 1,074,277 voluntary returns in 1954 alone, that many years ago before the problem was as big as it is today. Throughout the years of the Eisen-hower administration, they managed to deport 250,000 each year, or more. And they managed to do that, Mr. Speaker, with only 800 Border Patrol agents—800 agents. Today, we have 21,000 Border Patrol agents. They had 800. I divided that out to see what the ratio is. For every Border Patrol Agent that Dwight Eisenhower had, we have got 26.1 now, and we are deporting—let’s see. Last year, 2017, we deported 226,000. So they got 26 times, more than 26 times better performance, better re-sults, back in the fifties with only 800 Border Patrol agents for 2,000 miles along the southern border, where now it is 21,000. Twenty-six Border Patrol agents for every one they had then, and we are deporting fewer people than they did then. And by the way, that 1,074,000 vol-untary returns, we can set up policy that brings about a lot of that as well. But ever since Dwight Eisenhower, each President that has succeeded Dwight Eisenhower diminished our en-forcement worse and worse and worse and less and less and less. So from Dwight Eisenhower, we ratcheted downhill, and there were fewer that were deported and less border security under Kennedy, under Johnson, under Nixon, and on down the line. When we got to Bill Clinton, I was very concerned that he was not paying attention to his responsibility to take care that the laws were faithfully exe-cuted. When I look back on what he had to say at the time, he was at least giving lip service to it, unlike Hillary Clinton, who essentially came out and said we are going to have to give people citizenship, reward them with citizen-ship for breaking our laws. I recall a time here in about 2004 or 2005 when the immigration debate was ramping up again and they had bussed in thousands—many of them illegal aliens, I presume—out here on the west lawn. A lot of them had on matching white T-shirts. I don’t remember what they said. Senator Teddy Kennedy was active then. He went out to speak to them from a sound system and a podium, and he was speaking through an inter-preter, a Spanish language interpreter. But I recall the language that he used and how he said it, because it caught me as the clarion call, and it was this. b2115 He said to those thousands, and I be-lieve actually tens of thousands, he said, ‘‘Some say report to be deported. I say, report to become an American citizen.’’ Thirteen or 14 years ago, that mes-sage was uttered out here on the west lawn, Mr. Speaker, and that message was calling people into America and promising them citizenship. And this grinds on, the same old story. Erode the rule of law, sacrifice the rule of law, discount and diminish and dilute citizenship, and take away a measure of the influence of citizens and hand it over to people that have demonstrated their contempt for our laws. But just a little bit before that, I be-lieve it was the year before—I remem-ber the day, it was January 6, 2004— Karl Rove had prepared a speech for George W. Bush and it was an amnesty speech. It was one that played off of Tom Ridge’s amnesty speech that he had given the December before. And they decided that they needed to, I will say, advertise to Hispanics in south Texas, because they had lost most of those counties in south Texas that are heavily Hispanic. And, of course, they are heavily Democrat as well. I remember that discussion with Karl Rove and I said: Karl, you cannot rede-fine amnesty. The American people know what amnesty is. And whatever you want to say about it, if you want to say it is not amnesty if they pay a fine, it is not amnesty if they learn to speak English, it is not amnesty if they go to school, it is not amnesty if they get a job, what has that got to do with it? To grant amnesty is to pardon im-migration lawbreakers, a class of peo-ple, pardon them. And if they say: Well, it is not a par-don if they have to pay a fine. Well, it is a pardon if you don’t apply the pen-alty that exists in the law at the time they violate the law. You can’t change the penalty afterwards and claim that it is not amnesty. The American people aren’t going to go for that. At least Ronald Reagan was honest. He said: I am going to sign the am-nesty act, and he did. I wish he hadn’t, but he did. But you can’t redefine it as amnesty is a pardon for immigration lawbreakers. And what is going on here, it is coupled with the reward of the objective of their crime. When you hand someone the objec-tive of the crime that they committed and you say it is not amnesty—I mean, there are a lot of different ways to de-scribe this, but I think the simplest way is just to say that if someone robs a bank and they step out on the steps of the bank with the loot and you stop them. Then someone else robs a bank; and someone else robs a bank; and fi-nally, you decide, this is such a popular activity, we can’t enforce the law any-more. We would like to have you stop, but since we are going to let you all know we are not going to enforce the law, there are going to be more bank robbers. And, by the way, all of you get to keep the loot. That is what this amnesty is and the American people know it, and there is outrage that is building. The clouds are not just on the horizon. They are sweeping toward the city. And if we are not going to finish this debate and shoot down that last amnesty bill, then I will tell you that the clouds will be hanging over this city next week on Monday and Tuesday when we come back to town. The American people are going to be more and more outraged every day be-cause they are just figuring out what is going on. They are being told that these bills aren’t amnesty. I mean, there was a Member down in conference that said the word amnesty and some folks hissed at him because they didn’t think you should call it that. Well, it clearly is amnesty. You can look it up in Black’s Law Dictionary. You can take my word for it. But Members have been going through all kinds of mental gyrations to try to find a way to rationalize the vote that they want to put up because they think that they are politically in a safer place to vote for amnesty, but they know they can’t admit it. I had a Member come to me and he said: ‘‘What is the definition of am-nesty? I have heard three different defi-nitions in the last hour.’’ And I said: ‘‘Well, what is happening there is, they are rationalizing their vote and they are trying to redefine amnesty so they don’t have to confess that they are vot-ing for amnesty.’’ Well, I am not going to have to con-fess that I voted for amnesty because I am not going to vote for amnesty. But I am going to hold people to a real defi-nition of amnesty. And by the way, we ought to think about people who have been separated from their families permanently. How about the angel moms and the angel dads who had a son or daughter that were killed by an illegal alien, es-pecially those that have been turned loose after they have been encountered by law enforcement. It happens every day in this country, Mr. Speaker, and it happens multiple times a day. This country is dotted with the graves of those who have been killed at the hand of criminal aliens in this country, many of whom had been encountered by law enforcement and turned loose. One of those I think of is Jamiel Shaw, whom I got to know here as a witness in a hearing that I had called years ago. His son, a high school foot-ball star, a stellar athlete with a great future ahead of him, was killed in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.112 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5501 June 21, 2018 
neighborhood just a couple of blocks down the street from Jamiel’s home. His son, 17-year-old, Jazz was his nick-name, Jazz Shaw, killed by an illegal alien who had been deported. Part of his gang’s mission was he had to kill a Black guy. He was killed be-cause of his race. He was murdered be-cause of gangs. And he was murdered by an illegal alien. And Jamiel Shaw has the courage these years after to step up every day that need be and tell us how painful it is and what kind of an obscene mistake it is to reward lawbreakers. If we had enforced immigration laws, Jamiel’s son, Jazz, would be alive today and he knows that. And he said over Father’s Day, if you are worried about separating families, try spending your Father’s Day talking to a grave like he has for the last 10 years. That shakes me when I read that in text. Another one, Mary Ann Mendoza, her son, Brandon, a fine law enforce-ment officer, killed by an illegal alien driver. Sabine Durden, her son, her only child, Dominic, killed by an ille-gal alien, a DACA recipient. Laura Wilkerson, her son, Joshua, was tor-tured, murdered, and his body burned by an illegal alien. Who can forget Kate Steinle? Her fa-ther, Jim, testified here in this Con-gress about what happened when she was killed by a five-times deported ille-gal alien. And my constituents, my friends to this day, Michelle and Scott Root, who lost their daughter, Sarah Root, who was a perfect 4.0 student in criminal justice at Bellevue College. She had graduated the day before when she was run down on the road by an illegal alien who was on a first-name basis with his immigration attorneys, and who was bailed out of jail for $5,000. He absconded back to his home country, Honduras. They said he was bailed out of jail be-fore they could bury their daughter, and for less money than it took to bury their daughter. And what do they have left? They have got memories and bro-ken hearts. What about the four children who were killed up in Cottonwood, Min-nesota, when the school bus was run off the road by an illegal alien who twice had been deported and still ran the school bus off the road. These four kids who were killed were two siblings, and then a child from each of two other families. And some said: ‘‘Accidents happen. It has got nothing to do with immigra-tion.’’ And I say: If we enforce our laws, they are not there to kill our youth. And if you don’t agree with me, try going up to those parents and try to convince them that their children would still be dead if we had deported that individual when she was first en-countered by the law. No, we really know. We should know in our hearts and know in our con-science the real truth here, Mr. Speak-er. And I think that also a piece of the real truth is: Who are these DACA re-cipients? Barack Obama gave us the standard on what it took to be a DACA recipi-ent. You had to have come in by a cer-tain date or at a certain age, and then he closed that off at the other end. And you needed to be going to school. So this little chart here tells us a lit-tle something. How many of them had no diploma. They might be dropouts— we can’t be sure—21.9 percent. There are 817,000 of them in this database. 817,798 we are working with, Mr. Speak-er. And you can see, here are those who have no record at all. They didn’t even bother to fill in the blank in their ap-plication or their renewal form on whether they had ever gone to school. Maybe they never had—that is the safest presumption—68.9 percent of them, that number is 564,000 disquali-fied themselves because they are not going to school. They don’t attest that they ever went to school. Even with help filling out the form, that information is not available, and it should have disqualified them. But they got their DACA permit anyway. So there is that 68.9 percent, and 21.9 percent over here that may be drop-outs, but we can’t be sure. So that is 179,719. Then, we had self-reported criminals, over 3,000 of them in the first tranche that we were able to look at the num-bers; 66 percent of the self-reported criminals received DACA permits. And I guess apparently a number of them committed a lot of crimes after they received their DACA permits, because when they applied for their renewals, then there was a number of well over 30,000, around 33,000, that were self-re-ported criminals. 94 percent of the self- reported criminals got DACA renewals. I mean, they are honest criminals at least. They admitted they were crimi-nals, but they were rewarded for being honest, I guess, because two-thirds of those in the beginning of the first tranche of criminals were granted DACA status. And then 94 percent, coming to 31,854 that received their re-newals, even though they had com-mitted crimes while they were DACA recipients. Then we have 8,964 DACA recipients who would be normally, under the rules, under the Obama rules, would be disqualified because of their date of entry. They entered in too early or they entered in too late, 8,964. These are numbers that came from USCIS, by the way. I started asking for them last September and finally received these numbers a little over 2 weeks ago. 2,100 DACA recipients have no data on their nationality. You can’t check that box so they should have been dis-qualified. 775 of them went back to their home country. They put that on their application. That should dis-qualify them. They can’t say, through no fault of their own, that they weren’t aware of what they did. If they were aware that they went home, they were aware that they snuck back in and that they violated the law again. When I add this all up, and I have to discount that there must be duplicates in these categories, just to be fair, Mr. Speaker, but if we presume that there were no duplicates, that each time that one of these categories that would nor-mally kick them out was an individual, but there might have been people that were criminals that also had no edu-cation. But when I added up the rules viola-tions here that should have disqualified some of them, out of the 817,798 that were approved, there were 789,851 appli-cation forms that were deficient and should have brought about a disquali-fication. So I just did the math, a little bit more for fun than it is for a definitive number. Only 27,947 of them would qualify even as they attested to their eligibility. These records are junk. The Obama administration put them in folders on paper, seven pages of application for each applicant, and there are around 2 million of these applications between the originals and the renewals. And of those 2 million, that is 14 million pieces of paper, they just began to elec-tronically enter that data on November 1 of 2015, I believe that date would be. So we have got a short, little window of these DACA recipients. But here are some other things. How good was the education they got of those who at-tested they had an education? So we are dealing again with 817,000—almost 818,000. Let’s see. Those who got a GED, 1,789 of them. That is two-tenths of a percent even had a GED. And high school graduates, 37,300. So there are 4.5 percent that are high school graduates. Some college credit, less than a year—so they went to college, 33,000 of those. And let’s see, one or more years of college, no degree, 620 of those. So those who started col-lege, 33,000 and change. Those who en-tered the second year beyond, add an-other 620. But those who came with an associ-ate’s degree, 235. And these are just raw numbers, not percentages, of course. And those who have a bachelor’s de-gree, college educated: 246 out of 817,000 have a college degree; 14 managed to achieve a master’s; professional de-grees, 2; doctorates, 1; doctor degree, 1. b2130 So I have heard all this story about valedictorians, and I guess maybe that valedictorian could be that one who re-ceived the doctorate degree. I am a little confused by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ), who has all of these highly educated Dream-ers down there in his district. They don’t show up in these applications un-less maybe it is in his district where this single doctor is. These two profes-sionals, I presume maybe they could be lawyers. I met one of those. He told me that he is a DACA lawyer. I said: That is great. Just what we need, another lawless lawyer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.113 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5502 June 21, 2018 
So when I looked through these num-bers, they don’t at all paint the picture that I am hearing from these Members of Congress among Democrats or Re-publicans on what a DACA recipient really is and what the typical profile would be of these DACA recipients. It is true that many of them did, ac-cording to the records, come in at a fairly young age. I actually thought that would be higher than it turned out to be. There are around 135,000 of these 817,000 who were brought in at prime gang age recruitment. The oldest one now is about 37 years old. So I presume some of them are grandparents by now. The rule of law is hanging in the bal-ance. It is our job to keep our oath of office, and that is to preserve, protect, and defend this Constitution of the United States, and that means defend the rule of law. If we allow it to be sac-rificed here because our hearts or our politics overrule our heads, then this country will rue the day, and none of us who votes on this issue here will live to see the day that the rule of law is restored again. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CONSERVATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) for 141⁄2minutes. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, as I begin, I and many others have been outraged by the President’s zero-toler-ance policy, so it is so therapeutic for me to stand before you today and talk about a program that brings us to-gether rather than divides us. Today I rise to celebrate the successes of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The LWCF is a highly successful con-servation program, and it enjoys great bipartisan support. It was created in 1964. It was a bipartisan commitment to safeguard our natural areas, to safe-guard our water resources, and to pro-tect and enhance our cultural heritage. We also wanted to be able to provide for recreational opportunities for all Americans. It was a simple idea. It said: Use the resources from the depletion of one re-source, which was offshore oil and gas, to support the conservation of another precious resource, our land and water. Over its 50-year history, with no cost to taxpayers, it has provided critical access to public lands for hunting, fish-ing, biking, hiking, climbing, paddling, and many other outdoor activities that Americans enjoy. It has protected crit-ical watersheds, ecosystems that pro-vide for clean, safe drinking water, and has protected the habitat for our wild-life. Finally, it has provided protection and access for cultural and historic sites across our Nation. Fifty percent of it goes to local and State grants, which help to build and preserve local and State parks, trails, and wildlife areas. Fifty percent in my State we have used for habitat con-servation programs and the Forest Legacy Program. The other 50 percent goes to support access and conserva-tion in and around our U.S. public land. So, for example, in my district or near my district, really near my dis-trict, we have places like the Channel Islands National Park, Joshua Tree Na-tional Park, Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, and Seal Beach National Wildlife Refuge. They all benefit from the Land and Water. I would like to say that where we are is that we have a bill now. We finally must deal with the reauthorization, and we have a bill, H.R. 502, that reau-thorizes the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund, and it has the support of 35 Republicans and 194 Democrats. Mr. Speaker, it must be reauthorized before September 30. I ask that you bring it to the floor of the House because it will have overwhelming support. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today just to join my colleagues in urging the House to reauthorize the Land and Water Con-servation Fund before it expires this September. I think former Senator ‘‘Scoop’’ Jackson said it best when he intro-duced the legislation to create this fund nearly a half century ago. He said Americans ‘‘go to the open areas.’’ The LWCF is what helps ensure we have open areas in our community where the next generation can gather. People in my neck of the woods have 600 more open areas to go to in Wash-ington State thanks to the Land and Water Conservation Fund’s $600 million investment in our region. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has helped build parks in places like Ta-coma and has helped protect forestland in Kitsap and Mason Counties, without a cost to taxpayers. Folks come to our region to visit unique places supported by the Land and Water Conservation Fund, and then they stick around to spend some money at our local shops and res-taurants. So by investing in the Land and Water Conservation Fund, Con-gress supports jobs and small busi-nesses. This is good for our economy. Congress gets a lot for their money when they invest in the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This money helps communities attract private dol-lars from multiple sources to accom-plish big goals. It is the glue that holds these big projects together. I would like to highlight a couple of the projects that have had a big impact in my neck of the woods. The South Puget Sound Coastal For-est Legacy Project is a partnership be-tween The Trust for Public Land and Green Diamond Resources Company that will help protect nearly 10,000 acres of working forestlands along the Hood Canal. Keeping this land off-lim-its to development will help maintain working forest jobs and recreational access to Mason County trails. It will also protect, roughly, 1,400 acres of shellfish beds that serve more than 20 shellfish companies and 2,000 rec-reational and Tribal harvesters. The Salt Creek Recreation Area is another great example of what local communities can achieve thanks to support from the LWCF. I grew up just down the road from Salt Creek, so I can tell you firsthand what a difference this park has made for our region. In fact, I took my kiddos there for an amazing day last summer. From the tide pools and sandy beaches to the panoramic views, it is no wonder this park has become a key driver of our growing recreational economy. That project would not have become a re-ality without the relatively small—just $250,000—but vital investment from the Land and Water Conservation Fund. But the LWCF isn’t just about cre-ating opportunity in rural commu-nities; it supports recreational oppor-tunities in urban areas as well. Take the Kandle Park and Pool in Tacoma. Less than a decade ago, this park was just an empty field with a dilapidated playground; but thanks to support from the LWCF, this park hosts a mod-ern aquatics facility and sports fields that provide a safe, fun, and screen-free place for kids to spend their time. So in my Washington, what I con-sider the better Washington, we have seen firsthand that the LWCF grows jobs, supports rural economies, and connects our urban communities to the outdoors. So that is what is on the line. At a time when we are starving for biparti-sanship in this place, look no further than H.R. 502. Mr. Speaker, 229 Mem-bers, Democrats and Republicans, have cosponsored this. We have 100 days to get it done. I hope that we get this done. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for yielding. When I think of California and I think of conservation, I think of John Muir, the father of our national forests and the founder of the Sierra Club. We have a lot to be proud of in California in John Muir. His final resting place was there. But when I think of conservation, I also think of a wonderful Pennsylva-nian conservationist by the name of Gifford Pinchot. Gifford Pinchot was a noted Republican and Progressive con-servationist to make Pennsylvania proud. He was the Governor of Pennsyl-vania twice. He was the first Chief of the United States Forest Service. Above all, he was a pioneer in the American conservation movement. It makes me proud to be from north-eastern Pennsylvania where for many, many years Gifford Pinchot lived. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.116 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5503 June 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, the Land and Water Conservation Fund’s authorization ex-pires on September 30. This vital pro-gram, which has broad bipartisan and bicameral support, should be made per-manent and should be fully funded. I am proud to support H.R. 502, which permanently authorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund. It has bipar-tisan support from 231 cosponsors in the House. Over 30 Republican House Members recently wrote to leadership expressing their support for reauthor-izing the Land and Water Conservation Fund this year. LWCF plays an instrumental role in preserving and protecting our precious drinking water, safeguarding our nat-ural resources, and providing pristine outdoor recreational spaces to millions of Americans, all while creating jobs and supporting local economies. Stakeholders work together to lever-age LWCF funding with other State, local, and private funds to make the most out of every LWCF dollar spent. Without these Federal funds sparking the investment, we would never amass the resources needed to protect critical tracts of land. LWCF funds are almost always the critical piece of a puzzle that allows precious land to be forever protected and preserved. It is the funds from off-shore gas and oil revenue that provide the funding for LWCF, not taxpayer dollars. We all benefit greatly from the LWCF and the lands that it protects. The outdoor recreation economy gen-erates $1 trillion per year and supports 7.6 million American jobs. In my dis-trict alone, outdoor recreation ac-counts for well over $1 billion a year. It is a sector that also annually generates $65.3 billion in Federal tax revenue and $59.2 billion in State and local tax rev-enue. Our Federal investment in these his-toric, cultural, and recreational land-marks and wildlife habitats generates a substantial return to the American taxpayer. As we speak, LWCF is making a dra-matic difference in my own district. We have worked for years to find the funds to take advantage of a once-in-a- lifetime opportunity to purchase and preserve a beautiful piece of land in the Cherry Valley National Wildlife Ref-uge. LWCF helped leverage funding from State, local, and private sources, but without LWCF, this land would have been lost forever. I worked very hard in the Appropriations Committee to make sure the LWCF had enough money to acquire the full 2,931 acres in Cherry Valley. But we shouldn’t have to work this hard for every LWCF dollar. We should be dedicating more money and perma-nently reauthorizing the LWCF to complete more projects like Cherry Valley. From historic battlefields like Get-tysburg to the very home of Gifford Pinchot—Grey Towers National His-toric Site in Milford, Pennsylvania— LWCF is providing critical funding to protect our most important lands. It has wide-ranging bipartisan support, and it is past time that we perma-nently reauthorize LWCF and give it the robust funding that it so richly de-serves. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ). Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to associate myself with the com-ments of my colleagues about the im-portance of our Nation’s premier out-door recreation and conservation pro-gram, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund. Over the past five decades, LWCF has helped protect our Nation’s most treas-ured places, including many in my con-gressional district like the Great Dis-mal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge and both the Richmond and Petersburg National Battlefields. As we know, authorization of LWCF is set to expire in 100 short days. That is why the timing of this Special Order hour is so critical. If Congress does not reauthorize LWCF, we will lose one of our most powerful tools for protecting our Nation’s natural, historical, and cultural landmarks. If that happens, every State and district in our country will feel the damaging consequences. That outcome is unacceptable, which is why I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 502, which is Ranking Member G
RI-
JALVA ’s legislation to permanently re-authorize LWCF. I also support robust funding for LWCF in the appropria-tions bills. For my constituents, preserving our lands and waters is personal. Virginia’s Fourth Congressional District is home to many beautiful public lands and waters, along with many other sites that still need to be protected. b2145 Earlier this month, I toured the beautiful James River National Wild-life Refuge with local nonprofits to highlight the need to reauthorize the LWCF. My tour reminded me that there is no place quite like the James, but my district is far from unique. Across our district, LWCF has helped conserve precious ecosystems that wildlife, people, and local economies needed to survive. While preserving these lands is the right thing to do, it also makes good business sense. In fact, outdoor recre-ation generates billions of dollars for the Commonwealth’s economy. The same dynamic applies across the country. That is why I intend to keep up the fight to reauthorize the LWCF. It helps communities protect the places they love, and we owe it to our children and our children’s children to keep this tool in place. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ). Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. This week marks 100 days until the expiration of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund authorization. The LWCF has assisted New York State in many, many ways over its 50 years to protect some of New York’s most special places and ensure rec-reational access for hunting, fishing, and other outdoor activities. Both the House and Senate have cur-rently introduced bipartisan bills to permanently reauthorize the LWCF. I am a proud cosponsor of the House bill, H.R. 502, and I urge the House leader-ship to bring it up for a vote. Some examples of special places in New York’s 20th Congressional District include Thatcher Park in Albany, Frear Park development in Troy, the bike-hike trail in Glenville, Schenec-tady, Niskayuna, Peebles Island, Con-gress Park in Saratoga, and Mohawk Mills Park in Amsterdam. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
IMMIGRATION ISSUES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) until 10 p.m. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has been an interesting week. We were told when we were starting the week that we were going to be tak-ing up a couple of immigration bills. Before we could even get that started, we were met with a firestorm of abso-lute outrage about children being sepa-rated from their parents. Well, anybody who is a parent doesn’t want that to happen, even though, as a felony judge in Texas, I know. I watched it happened con-stantly. It happens every day in our country. It is heartbreaking, but it happens every day all over the country when any person in the United States commits a crime and is taken to jail. I watched it happen over and over in my courtroom. Your heart breaks for their children. You can’t let the chil-dren go to jail with the parent. Some-times there is somebody else to take care of them. Sometimes it is Child Protective Services. But it is still heartbreaking. That is what we have seen on the border. We have a President and Attorney General trying to follow their oath and enforce the law. But it is heart-breaking when you see some of these pictures like the first one here. When I saw that, my heart broke for this beau-tiful little boy in a blue shirt—actu-ally, I think this is a separate picture, and these are two others—initially, just seeing this, where it looks like he is in a cage. You feel bad that Jeff Sessions as At-torney General and President Trump are the ones in office when this is going on. But then we find out actually he is a child of one of the protesters that is protesting the Trump administration. He is not really incarcerated. This was completely trumped up, so to speak, by the media and by the groups that are trying to do everything they can since 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.117 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5504 June 21, 2018 
the stories about Russia collusion turned out to have more to do with the Clinton campaign colluding with the Russians than Trump. Well, this has to be another source of attack. Again, it is just heart-wrench-ing to see a child like that, until you find out he is not really in a cage. He is not somebody that the Trump ad-ministration was restraining. In fact, here is the same little boy skipping around over here on the other side of the fence with the protesters. So it turns out he is not. But then we look at some of these other pictures here. We will do this in rapid order, because we are running out of time. Here you have all of these people, many of them children, in this facility and a chain link fence everywhere. It is treating them like animals, basically. They are all under these shiny blan-kets. It is tragic. But then we found out, actually, that was while President Obama was in office and then condi-tions improved dramatically. This is another tragic picture. Trag-ic. It does look like they are caged ani-mals. Again, they were appearing to be caged animals during the Obama ad-ministration. President Obama was re-sponsible for that. You see this tragic sign ‘‘Juvenile Holding Cell,’’ where the Trump admin-istration is treating these little juve-niles this way. They are locked up in this little room. It is strictly for juve-niles being held away from others. Then we find out, no, that was the Obama administration, too. But all of these pictures were originally touted as being part of Trump’s war on chil-dren. Here is a female juvenile holding cell. That is proof positive that President Trump was isolating these female juve-niles away. Then we find out, no, that is part of the Obama administration. It is proof positive the Obama adminis-tration was separating children from their parents, even though there are some lamebrain newspapers in Texas that try to tell me I didn’t see what I personally saw. I have been there. I have seen what they did. I have been there all hours of the day and night. All these lumps are precious little children, and it is heartbreaking to think that any parent could send these children—90 percent of them—unac-companied through deserts and put them in the custody of gangs. The former gangs are the ones the drug car-tels use normally as coyotes to bring these precious people across. Tragic circumstances. Horrendous circumstances. Yet that was all going on, all of this tragic stuff was hap-pening, without one single word from Hollywood about the tragedy that President Obama was causing. A couple of more quick pictures here. Again, these were portrayed initially as being proof of the horrors of the Trump administration. It turns out these were all under the Obama admin-istration. All these little silver lumps, it turns out that most of them are children. All of them are people under there. Tragic circumstances, but it is what President Obama was doing, his administration was doing, not the Trump administra-tion. So all these people who were throw-ing dirt balls at the Trump administra-tion, where they actually stuck was on the Obama administration. It always helps if you don’t just fly off like so many have. It is not really mainstream media; it is the alt-left media. Once they were the mainstream media, now they are the alt-left media. But they are covering for the Obama administration, trying to make the Trump administration look horren-dous, when what the Trump adminis-tration has done has been far more car-ing and supportive of the children than the facilities that I saw during the Obama administration. They have a lot better facilities they are using now. The ones I am particularly familiar with are down in south Texas. That is where I spent so much time during the Obama administration. Since President Trump has been in office, I am telling you the facilities are a lot better, and they are doing a better job of caring for people. I heard somebody this morning say: Wow, there are so many people who are just getting outraged about children being ripped from their mothers’ arms. I believe Mr. K
INGhad mentioned that nothing does that like abortion. Then somebody reminded me this morning that when children were being ripped from their mothers in a process called abortion, it appears that the Democrats felt like it was okay. At least they didn’t say anything about it, not that I heard, when those little chil-dren’s body parts were being sold off after being ripped from their moms in abortions. So politics makes for strange situa-tions, to have people who are not out-raged by a precious little child being ripped from the mother’s womb and killed and have the parts sold off—not bothered by that. But then when 90 per-cent of the children coming into this country are said to be coming unac-companied and many of those that come—we have 12,000 who are being held right now. Some of them tenderly held; some of them not so tenderly. But when you have nearly 40 percent who are male, teenaged, and poten-tially part of gangs or subject to being recruited into gangs, it is not the pre-cious little child that is often being portrayed by the alt left media. We need to have commonsense. I know in Washington, it is just sense. Back in east Texas it is commonsense. Here, it is sense. In the few minutes I have left, we have been taking up bills on border issues. I thought it was extremely un-fortunate that our leadership would not allow us to have an amendment to the Goodlatte bill. It has so many good things in it. It has an amnesty for DACA. At the end, that was my prob-lem. So many good things—I really think if our Republican leadership had want-ed it to pass, they could have put on there a fix where children were not sep-arated from their parents, and that would have helped get enough votes to go from 193 to get votes to pass it. But it just felt like our own leader-ship didn’t want it to pass. They weren’t going to allow something like that that would add votes, because many of them were out there saying: No, no. The compromise bill will get a lot more votes than the Goodlatte bill. It simply wasn’t true. They were misreading our conference. I recall our Speaker, right after President Trump was elected, saying that he was hearing voices none of the rest of us heard. Well, some of us were saying those same things that Presi-dent Trump was saying before the elec-tion, and we need them to be heard. But, apparently, they are still not being heard. But a good comparison was done by NumbersUSA on the issue of amnesty. Under the Goodlatte bill, it says 690,000 existing DACA recipients with Federal ID cards can apply for contingent non-immigrant status, which may be re-newed every 3 years indefinitely. It makes ineligible those aliens with two or more misdemeanors or a felony. It makes ineligible those aliens charged with a misdemeanor or felony while the charge or charges are still pending. But there is amnesty at the end of the Goodlatte bill. Under the compromise bill, as the Speaker was calling it, 1.8 million to 2.4 million illegal aliens who may have been eligible for DACA may apply for contingent nonimmigrant status, which may be renewed every 6 years in-definitely. It goes on to describe that the appli-cations could actually reach 5 million or more. It is the largest amnesty ever provided. It is bigger than any amnesty that was ever given during President Obama’s two terms. With regard to a special path to citi-zenship, the Goodlatte bill did not offer any, but there was one under the so- called compromise bill. It created a merit-based green card category for a path to citizenship and then had tens of thousands of green cards that would be available under the compromise bill that we are supposed to vote on early next week. With regard to the visa lottery, both of them reallocate those. With regard to chain migration—this was a good thing under the Goodlatte-McCaul bill—it ends chain migration com-pletely. However, under the so-called compromise bill, it doesn’t end chain migration. That is why some say it put us on the road to ending chain migra-tion, because it doesn’t. It doesn’t. Par-ents who acted illegally to bring their children into this country illegally would be rewarded by being allowed to get legal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.119 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5505 June 21, 2018 
As far as enforcement, NumbersUSA has a good comparison there. It would be tragic if our leadership brings up the so-called compromise bill. The Goodlatte bill was a good one. It cut out amnesty. It ought to pass. We can secure the border. We can save this Republic and God will bless us and enable us to help these countries that are in trouble. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. J
EFFRIES (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of son’s graduation. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, June 22, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5259. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Poultry Improvement Plan and Auxiliary Provisions [Docket No.: APHIS-2017-0055] (RIN: 0579-AE37) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5260. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-18, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 5261. A letter from the Clerk of the House of Representatives, transmitting the annual compilation of financial disclosure state-ments filed by the members of the board of the Office of Congressional Ethics for the pe-riod between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2017, pursuant to Clause 3 of House Rule XXVI (H. Doc. No. 115—135); to the Com-mittee on Ethics and ordered to be printed. 5262. A letter from the Director, Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a determination; jointly to the Com-mittees on Armed Services and Intelligence (Permanent Select). f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5026. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the Of-fice of Biometric Identity Management, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–773). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 5207. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to establish the im-migration advisory program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–774). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S OTO, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S
IRES, Ms. R OSEN , Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 6172. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Attorney General, to reunite alien parents separated from their minor children with such children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 6173. A bill to amend section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 to clarify the standards for family detention, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. K
APTUR , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois): H.R. 6174. A bill to authorize funding for the creation and implementation of infant mortality pilot programs in standard metro-politan statistical areas with high rates of infant mortality, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself and Mr. G
ARAMENDI ): H.R. 6175. A bill to enhance maritime safe-ty, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. G
OODLATTE ): H.R. 6176. A bill to make technical amend-ments to update statutory references to cer-tain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code, title 50, United States Code, and title 52, United States Code; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 6177. A bill to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise the defi-nitions of a qualifying portfolio company and a qualifying investment to include an emerging growth company and the equity se-curities of an emerging growth company, re-spectively, for purposes of the exemption from registration for venture capital fund advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. W
ESTERMAN ): H.R. 6178. A bill to amend the Motor Car-rier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 with re-spect to exemptions from certain motor car-rier regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. HOLD-
ING, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. D UNN): H.R. 6179. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to apply current income tax brackets to capital gains brackets; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. BARRAGA´N (for herself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 6180. A bill to require the Federal Government to provide mental health serv-ices to each child who has been separated from one or more parent as a result of imple-mentation of the Trump Administration’s zero tolerance policy at the United States border, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 6181. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 6182. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to codify President Trump’s ‘‘Affording Congress an Opportunity to Address Family Separation Executive Order,‘‘ and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 6183. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to reunite unaccom-panied alien children with the parents or legal guardians with whom they entered the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. J
UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hamp-shire): H.R. 6184. A bill to support educational en-tities in fully implementing title IX and re-ducing and preventing sex discrimination in all areas of education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. M
CCOLLUM (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 6185. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to conduct an accurate com-prehensive student count for the purposes of calculating formula allocations for programs under the Johnson-O’Malley Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. MEEKS (for himself, Ms. M
AX-
INE WATERS of California, Mrs. B
EATTY , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 6186. A bill to establish Minority De-pository Institutions Advisory Committees, to provide advice related to preserving and encouraging minority depository institu-tions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN7.121 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5506 June 21, 2018 
By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6187. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to permit the Council of the District of Columbia to enact laws with respect to the organization and ju-risdiction of the District of Columbia courts; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself and Mr. K
ATKO ): H.R. 6188. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a program to improve election system cybersecurity by fa-cilitating and encouraging assessments by independent technical experts to identify and report election cybersecurity vulnerabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 6189. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to ensure that employ-ees are not misclassified as non-employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: H.R. 6190. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. V
ARGAS ): H. Con. Res. 125. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the designation of June 21 as National ASK (Asking Saves Kids) Day to promote children’s health and safe storage of guns in the home; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H. Res. 956. A resolution recognizing the benefits and importance of music making as an essential form of creative expression and expressing support for designating the Sum-mer Solstice, June 21, 2018, as Make Music Day; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. SOTO introduced a bill (H.R. 6191) for the relief of Alejandra Juarez; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 6172. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to ‘‘lay and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 6173. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Sec 8 Clause 4 Sec 8. The Congress shall have Power: Clause 4. To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . . Article I Sec 8 Clause 18 Sec 8. The Congress shall have Power: Clause 18. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution . . . all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6174. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 6175. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 6176. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH: H.R. 6177. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 6178. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 6179. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Ms. BARRAGA´N: H.R. 6180. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section I of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 6181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article L Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 6182. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 grants Con-gress the right to set forth rules for Natu-ralization. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 6183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4—To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uni-form Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; By Ms. MATSUI: H.R. 6184. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. MCCOLLUM: H.R. 6185. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives Congress the power ‘‘To make all Law which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6186. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: Necessary and Proper Clause By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6187. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 6188. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises; as enumerated in Article I, Section 4 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 6189. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced under the powers granted to Congress under Article 1 of the Constitution. By Mr. WEBSTER of Florida: H.R. 6190. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution Mr. SOTO: H.R. 6191. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 93: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 113: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 140: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 163: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 246: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 519: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 754: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 795: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 858: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 936: Mr. M
ULLIN . H.R. 1171: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1212: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1227: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1266: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1377: Mr. F
OSTER and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1439: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1548: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 1562: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 1612: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1708: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1838: Mr. G
OHMERT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L21JN7.100 H21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5507 June 21, 2018 
H.R. 1884: Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 2315: Mr. B
ERGMAN and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 2358: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2380: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2472: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 2644: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2651: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 2790: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 2841: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2856: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2911: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , and Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 2946: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3091: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3500: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 3960: Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. P OCAN , and Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 3962: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 4022: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 4099: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 4202: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 4256: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 4328: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 4732: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 4778: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4838: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. H URD, and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4881: Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 4897: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4953: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 4978: Mr. H
UDSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4985: Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 5068: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 5105: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 5121: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 5129: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B
EYER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 5141: Ms. FOXX, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 5148: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5149: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 5357: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 5358: Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 5359: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5385: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5588: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L AMB, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 5595: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 5607: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5649: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5671: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. V
ARGAS , and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 5697: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5747: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 5780: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. T ROTT . H.R. 5783: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 5813: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 5859: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 5912: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5922: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5948: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 5949: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S IMP-
SON, and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 5977: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 5996: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6014: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 6048: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6059: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 6060: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 6084: Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 6089: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 6108: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 6111: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 6114: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 6136: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 6138: Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 6146: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. H ECK. H. Con. Res. 119: Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 413: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 776: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H. Res. 855: Mr. P
ETERSON . H. Res. 870: Mrs. L
ESKO . H. Res. 927: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Act of 2018,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. GOODLATTE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Judiciary in H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018,’’ do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN7.021 H21JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4313 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 2018 No. 104 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:45 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable D
EAN H
ELLER , a Senator from the State of Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our Father in Heaven, thank You for the light of Your truth that provides a lamp for our feet and illumination for our paths. Give strength to our Senators. Pro-vide them with courage to live a life that honors You, faith to believe that all things are possible, and reverence that brings wisdom. Give them the grace to receive with gratitude the many blessings You richly bestow upon them daily, empowering them to serve You with active zeal and humble con-fidence. May they wait with patient ex-pectation for the triumphant and amazing unfolding of Your powerful providence. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 21, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable DEANHELLER , a Sen- ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5895, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Shelby amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 2911 (to amend-ment No. 2910), to make a technical correc-tion. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). The majority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, this week, we have been considering a regular appropriations package and voting on amendments. Many of us have wanted this return to regular order in appropriations for quite some time. It didn’t happen over-night. We owe thanks to Chairman SHELBY and Ranking Member L EAHY  for the transparent, bipartisan process that has produced this bill. Thanks to the leadership of our colleagues at the subcommittee level, more bills will be on their way to the floor for prompt consideration. The package before us today will cross three important items off the Senate’s appropriations to-do list: funding for Energy and Water, for Mili-tary Construction and the VA, and for the Legislative Branch. As I have discussed on the floor this week, the first set of funding measures attend to a number of major national priorities. The Energy and Water title allocates critical resources for the safety, security, and readiness of our Nation’s nuclear arsenal. It delivers record funding for cutting-edge sci-entific research, and it directs support for mitigating flood damage, pro-tecting shorelines, and upkeep for America’s inland waterways, like those that support 13,000 jobs in my home State alone. The Military Construction and VA title offers targeted resources to causes that are near and dear to servicemem-bers and their families: upgrades to military housing and school systems, improvements to training facilities, re-inforcement of overseas partnerships and alliances, and maintenance of vet-erans’ healthcare facilities. There is so much important work contained in this package, and it is just the first step in this year’s regular appropriations process. With additional cooperation today, we will be able to continue processing amendments on both sides of the aisle and complete work on these bills. 
TAX REFORM  
Now, Madam President, on another matter, yesterday marked 6 months since Congress passed our overhaul of America’s Tax Code. Tomorrow is 6 months since the President signed it into law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.000 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4314 June 21, 2018 
I remember debating the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act back in December. There were two different philosophies on dis-play. Republicans believed working families should keep more of what they earn and send less to the IRS. We be-lieve you don’t build a healthy society or a growing economy by piling up money and power here in Washington, DC. We need to leave more money and power in the hands of individuals, fami-lies, and small businesses. Our Democratic friends put forward a different view. They seem to think gov-ernment knows best, so higher taxes, more regulations, and more restric-tions on free enterprise are the way to go. As a result, they stood in lockstep opposition to these historic tax cuts, and I mean opposition. The Democratic leader in the House said it was—and this is a direct quote— ‘‘the worst bill in the history of the United States Congress.’’ So Repub-lican majorities in the House and Sen-ate passed the tax cuts with zero Democratic votes—not one. Six months later, who was right? What has happened in America since this major policy shift began taking ef-fect? Just ask the men and women this law is affecting. Mark Guilbeau in Louisiana says this of his tax cuts: 
It’s bigger than crumbs like the politicians were saying. I plan to pay down some credit card debt. 
Try Brett Lancy in Ohio who has a 1- year-old son, Grayson. Brett said: 
Due to the extra takehome pay in my pay-check—it’s about $125 a month—we’ve been able to move him into one of the better daycares in our area. And it’s just fabulous. 
In addition to the tax cuts them-selves, the business side of tax reform has helped employers raise pay and benefits for employees. Chelsee Hatfield works at First Farmers Bank & Trust in Indiana. She has been taking college courses online and says the raise and bonus she re-ceived will help her pay tuition now and save for her kids to go to college. She said: ‘‘These steps taken as a re-sult of tax reform are specifically af-fecting me and small communities like my hometown.’’ Bonnie Brazzeal from Missouri re-ceived a bonus too. She works in the cafeteria at the College of the Ozarks and got to share the news with Presi-dent Trump when he visited the State earlier this year: ‘‘I put mine in sav-ings for my retirement.’’ Families are immediately benefiting from this law, but what about the long- term impact? We designed tax reform to lay the foundation for more investment, busi-ness growth, job creation, and higher wages for decades to come. It is already doing just that. In my home State of Kentucky, Novelis is pushing ahead with a $300 million fac-tory in Guthrie. They say their deci-sion was caused by this ‘‘favorable eco-nomic environment,’’ reinforced by ‘‘the significant positive impact of tax reform.’’ It is a national trend. Just yesterday, the National Association of Manufac-turers released data showing that opti-mism among many American manufac-turers is above 95 percent—the highest level ever recorded. Small business owners agree. An in-dustry survey shows that more of them are looking to hire than at any time since the year 2000. No wonder the job market is already better than it has been in years. Unem-ployment is at an 18-year low. More than two-thirds of Americans are say-ing it is a good time to find a quality job—the highest in 17 years. Here is a remarkable fact: There are now more job openings all across this country than there are Americans looking for work. It is the first time that has ever happened since we start-ed tracking the relevant data, and the optimism and prosperity unleashed by tax reform are part of the reason why. The worst legislation in history? Ar-mageddon? Our friends across the aisle should get their crystal balls checked. Historically, tax reform had been a bipartisan priority. In 1986, the last major tax reform passed the House by a 100-vote margin. It sailed through the Senate. How times have changed. Unlike in 1986, this time our historic proposal to let Americans keep more of their own money faced complete par-tisan opposition—not one Democratic vote, not one. Republicans had to go it alone. But the people’s Republican Senate, Republican House, and Republican President got the job done for the fami-lies who were counting on us. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, as the Senate continues to proc-ess appropriations bills on the floor, I thank Chairman S
HELBY and Ranking Member L
EAHY for their hard work on the appropriations process. The Republican leader and I have both committed to work through ap-propriations in a bipartisan way, through regular order, which is some-thing the Senate hasn’t achieved in some time. Chairman S
HELBY and Ranking Member L
EAHY are leading the way. We want to continue along this road in a bipartisan, cooperative way, wherein what we bring to the floor basically has approval from both sides of the aisle. 
FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY  
Madam President, on immigration, let me address the humanitarian crisis at our southern border. For a little over a month, President Trump’s family separation policy has resulted in more than 2,300 children being separated from their families. Young children, toddlers, babies are being held alone. I have seen the pic-tures of these tiny, little girls with for-lorn looks on their faces—it breaks your heart—and they are being placed into what are being called tender age facilities. That is an Orwellian term if there ever were one. Other minors have been flown, scattershot, to different parts of the country to live in foster homes that are hundreds of miles away from their parents. A 5-year-old is sent hundreds of miles away from his or her parents? What kind of country are we? Yesterday the President signed an Executive order that made it 100-per-cent clear that what the Democrats have been saying—that the President can fix this problem on his own—has been correct. The President vindicated everything we had been saying and undid everything he had been saying when he said only Congress could fix this problem. Of course, he made it par-tisan. It is a relief that the President has reversed himself and recognized the cruelty of his policy of separating chil-dren from their parents. I would like to believe he found it in the goodness of his heart. We certainly know there was a ton of pressure on him to do this and that he didn’t do it when he first looked at the problem. After weeks of acting like his admin-istration bore no responsibility for this policy—contravening all fact and all reality—I hope this represents a turn-ing point with the President. I hope it means this President will stop blaming others for problems he creates and will start fixing them himself. I hope it means the President realizes, just be-cause he says something, it doesn’t make it so. So often, more than any other President many times over, what he says is just outright false, made up. It pops into his head, and he says it. Yet this Executive order raises several questions. That means the President must continue to deal with these prob-lems, which, again, he can do on his own. First, the way the Executive order was drafted means it will not go into effect until a court rules on its legal-ity. What is the President’s policy on family separation in the meantime? Will he continue to insist that these heartbreaking separations continue? Second, the Executive order allows for the indefinite detention of families who are apprehended at the border. The U.S. Government cannot be in the busi-ness of indefinitely detaining minors. Third, the Executive order is silent on the more than 2,300 families who have already been split apart. Will the President and his administration work to reunite those families? We believe he must do that immediately. What ex-actly is the President’s plan to accom-plish this? Leader P
ELOSI and I are sending a letter to the President this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.001 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4315 June 21, 2018 
morning that will demand he use all the necessary resources to reunite the separated families. At his rally in Minnesota last night, which is the kind of red meat thing the President likes—gathering 10,000 people together in a State of 5, 6, 7, or 8 mil-lion so he is a hero with everyone, which is the way he thinks—the Presi-dent acted as if he had taken care of the border crisis, as if all of the prob-lems were in the rearview mirror. He said: ‘‘I signed an executive order keeping families together because I think that’s probably a very important thing to be doing.’’ The only thing is, we in Congress and the American people have a whole bunch of questions the President hasn’t answered, questions which are listed above that I will repeat. How many kids are in these facilities now? What are their conditions? Why hasn’t the media been allowed to go in, see, and verify that the conditions are humane? The Department of Defense has been asked whether it can house 20,000 unac-companied children from now until the end of the year. How will that work? Is it even feasible? How is the administra-tion keeping track of the families who have already been separated? What are the plans and timetable for their being reunited? President Trump hasn’t taken care of the problem, not by any stretch of the imagination, but he has certainly ad-mitted that his administration does have the power to take action. He, in a sense, by what he did yesterday, in-creases the burden on himself to solve these other problems. I urge him to continue to use his power to address these serious, unresolved issues. Legis-lation in Congress remains unlikely and far more difficult to achieve than the simple corrective actions the Presi-dent can take immediately and admin-istratively. Let us not forget that immigration has been the graveyard of legislation for years in this Congress. Saying Con-gress can act and getting Congress to act are two different things, particu-larly when, on the House side, we have a group of Congress Members in the Freedom Caucus—way out of the main-stream by any polling standard, by any real standard on immigration—that in-sists that poison pills be added to any-thing we do on immigration. Speaker R
YAN, thus far, has shown no ability or desire to resist them. So having Con-gress get it done is not going to solve the problem, unfortunately, because immigration is such a contentious and divisive issue. The President has to do it himself, and let us hope he does. 
TRADE WITH CHINA  
Madam President, on our trade rela-tionship with China, for too long, China has taken advantage of Amer-ica’s unwillingness to strongly con-front its rapacious trade policies. For too long, China has dumped artificially cheap products into our market, stolen the intellectual property of startup and blue-chip American companies, and de-nied our companies access to its mar-kets. When companies have good prod-ucts that China wants to copy, it has denied our companies access to its markets so China can steal the know- how of how to do it and then compete with us. China alone, by its rapacious, unfair trade policies, has accounted for the loss of millions of American jobs and the decline in pay of millions of other American jobs. So I am heartened that President Trump, after making a debacle of the deal on ZTE, has taken a tougher ap-proach to China in recent days. His in-stincts to be tough on China are right on the money. As I said before, on China, my views are closer to President Trump’s than they were to President Obama’s or President Bush’s, both of whose administrations, anyway, let China get away with economic murder. Now President Trump needs to stay strong. If he backs off at the first sign of trouble, after the first company calls to complain or after President Xi calls to complain, then China will know we are weak and unserious. I am worried China already thinks that because of what the President has done on ZTE. China is waiting to see if we are tough enough to ride this out. We need to show China that America means busi-ness because the stakes are too high. Business relocations to China have cost too many American jobs. The theft of our intellectual property has been called the greatest transfer of wealth in history by former four-star general and Commander of the U.S. Cyber Com-mand GEN Keith Alexander. The lifeblood of the American econ-omy is on the line, so I urge President Trump to stay strong on China. At the first sign of complaint, if we turn, China will know it can push us over, and the number of jobs we will lose— the amount of wealth we will lose—will far exceed the kind of damage these tariffs might do. Please don’t mistake my support on this issue as a license for the President to be reckless or as an endorsement of what the President is doing to our al-lies. The tariffs leveled against Canada and our European allies are misguided and poorly timed. We should be ral-lying our allies to work with us against China, which is what they want to do. Instead, we are poking them. China is our No. 1 economic trade enemy, and I use the word ‘‘enemy’’ advisedly. We have to have the whole world on our side, and these other actions are poorly timed at best. REPUBLICAN TAX BILL  
Madam President, 6 months ago, in the dead of night, the Republican ma-jority jammed through a partisan tax bill that lavished tax cuts on big cor-porations and the wealthiest few—the old theory of trickle-down that the Re-publican Party embraced. My friend from Pennsylvania is one of the few who will actually say that is what he believes, which I appreciate, even though I strongly disagree. It is an appropriate time now to look back on how the tax bill is faring. While the Republican leader, on a daily basis, celebrates vague statistics about business confidence, here are some hard, cold facts. Since the beginning of 2018, corpora-tions have announced plans to repur-chase more than $475 billion in stock buybacks—a record pace. In the past week, the Washington Post has re-ported ‘‘wages aren’t just flat, they are falling’’ for a strong majority of Amer-ican workers. According to a recent analysis by JUST Capital, only 7 per-cent of the capital allocated by compa-nies from the tax bill’s savings has gone to employees while 57 percent has gone to shareholders—just what we Democrats predicted. When the vast majority of the tax cuts goes to the very wealthy and to the largest and most powerful corpora-tions, the average worker sees very lit-tle gain—trickle-down—certainly, a smaller proportion of the gain than the cut. The kind of plan we would have advocated, which would have helped the middle class predominantly, not the wealthy, would have been far bet-ter for average workers. Remember what President Trump promised the American people? He said the Republican tax bill would give a $4,000 raise to the average American family. In reality, American families are not seeing close to that figure. A recent Washington Post headline sums it up best: ‘‘The Republican tax bill’s promises of higher wages and more jobs haven’t materialized.’’ The truth is that the tax law has failed to deliver for American workers and American families, and the Amer-ican people are realizing it. The polling data shows it is becoming more un-popular. It started out being very un-popular with all of those little pub-licity bonuses that many of them ar-ranged. In January, it was at about 50– 50, but now it is declining again. Amer-ican families know they are getting the short end of the stick in this tax bill. Corporations are reaping record profits as a result of the tax bill, and they refuse to pass much of those savings on to their workers. Whatever benefits American families are getting from the tax bill, if they are getting benefits at all, are starting to get wiped out by the skyrocketing healthcare costs—the result of Repub-lican sabotage, some of which was in the tax bill itself. There are millions of American families now whose tax breaks are far exceeded by the in-creases in premiums they are paying for healthcare. All in all, that is why today, just 6 months since its passage, the Repub-licans’ signature legislative accom-plishment is so deeply unpopular with the American people and why Repub-lican pundits are saying we had better go over to the area of immigration be-cause this tax bill thing isn’t working for us. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Pennsyl-vania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.003 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4316 June 21, 2018 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the minority leader’s teeing up my comments today and introducing what I am going to be speaking about, which is a topic he addressed briefly, and that is the 6-month period of time since we passed tax reform. It was this week, 6 months ago, that we had a his-toric vote—the biggest tax reform in over 30 years. We are beginning to get some data that is really worth dis-cussing and analyzing, and I would strongly disagree with the character-ization by the minority leader. I was home in Pennsylvania recently, traveling around the State, as we all do when we are not in this town. On one recent occasion, I was talking to small business owners in Lock Haven, PA, and Bloomsburg, PA. At one of the companies, the small business owner was there, and he was really enthusi-astic about how this tax reform is help-ing his small business. It is actually a very typical story that I am hearing across Pennsylvania. I mention him be-cause, as it happens, his company is in the carpet business, and they happen to make the very carpet that I am stand-ing on right now. They provide the car-peting for the floor of the U.S. Senate. He talked about the fact that, be-cause our tax reform really totally redid the rules—especially on the busi-ness side, but on the individual side as well—it allows him to access new cap-ital and purchase new equipment. The equipment that he needs to expand his business is more affordable under our tax rules now. So that is exactly what he is doing. He is expanding his busi-ness, and he is very enthusiastic about it. This, of course, is not an anomaly and it is not specific to Pennsylvania. It is across the country. Already we have had companies—over 600 busi-nesses employing over 4 million Amer-ican workers—announce that they will immediately start paying bonuses, in-creasing wages, making larger pension contributions, but directly sharing their tax savings with their workers. This started within days of passage of the bill, and it has continued. By the way, I am only counting the companies that specifically cited tax reform as the reason they are able to do this and only companies that are so big that they are picked up by the press when they make these announce-ments. There are thousands and thou-sands of companies that have done the same thing, but we will never hear about it because the Washington Post and the New York Times doesn’t report when Sal’s Pizza Shop makes a change in its compensation policy but, the fact is that it is happening. By the way, there is also another not very widely reported benefit that Penn-sylvania families are enjoying, and that is, again, directly as a result of our tax reform and the lower tax bur-den that we now have on our utilities. Electric and gas company rates have declined. There has been a very signifi-cant rate reduction. In fact, it is $320 million at an annual pace in Pennsyl-vania. That means that every family who has to buy electricity as a way to heat their homes is experiencing this savings as well. Those are kind of anecdotal facts. But what is the big picture result so far? The facts and the data are over-whelming. The economy is on fire. That is what is going on right now. This economy is growing at a tremen-dous pace, and it is really on fire by any meaningful measure. One of the most important measures is with jobs. That is the whole point of a booming economy—isn’t it?—to really create op-portunities for individuals and families to earn a living and support themselves and improve their standard of living. The most recent jobs report that came out in May posted a 3.8-percent unemployment rate. Unemployment is just 3.8 percent. That is the lowest level we have had since April of 2000. It remains a mystery to me how our Democratic colleagues and the Senate minority leader can somehow think it is a bad thing when the unemployment rate is the lowest it has been in more than 18 years. It is not just the overall unemploy-ment rate. The African-American un-employment rate in May was 5.9 per-cent. That is the lowest rate ever re-corded since we started breaking out different ethnic groups in the unem-ployment numbers. The Hispanic un-employment rate is very close to an all-time low at 4.9 percent. Another amazing statistic that came out in this May’s jobs report is that we now have more job openings in America—6.7 mil-lion—than all of the unemployed peo-ple. I am not sure that this has ever happened before, and certainly not in decades, but there are more job open-ings, more ‘‘help wanted’’ signs, and there are more job possibilities than there are people seeking jobs. That is just a fact of our economy right now. What does that mean? That means there are a lot of opportunities for peo-ple. If you are unemployed right now, there is a chance to go to work today, because that is the amount of demand for workers that is exactly what we said would happen if we would encour-age the kind of economic growth that we are seeing. I must say, I don’t know where our colleague from New York, the minority leader, gets his data from. That is com-pletely contrary to what he said. All of the data consistently show that there are increases in hourly earnings and wages. Wages are going up. We have waited way too long for this to happen, but it is happening now. There was a 2.7-percent increase in hourly earnings in May. This is a wage increase of 2.8 percent for people who are in nonsupervisory work. So wage earners who are working on an hourly basis in a nonsupervisory capacity are seeing an even somewhat faster accel-eration in their wage growth. That means workers are going to have a bet-ter standard of living. That is what it means. When we passed our tax reform, we had two big goals. One was to lower the tax burden on individual Americans. How well did we do on that? Well, 93 percent of all the individuals and fami-lies filing owe less in taxes this year than they would have if we hadn’t re-formed the Tax Code—93 percent. For most of the 7 percent who don’t have a savings, it is because they are higher income people who live in jurisdictions where they pay high State and local taxes, and we diminished the ability to deduct that. So there are wealthy indi-viduals—a handful—who are paying a little bit more. It is also a fact that the wealthier people pay a larger percentage of the tax bill now as a result of our tax re-form, because we made sure that the folks at the low and medium end of the wage spectrum would get the biggest percentage benefits, and they have. We also wanted to make sure that we are making business competitive and en-couraging investment in the United States instead of somewhere else in the world. One of the standard measures in how that is working is how our economy is growing overall, what our GDP number looks like. Well, it has been amazing. Year after year, we were happy if we could get to 2 percent growth, and our friends on the other side were sug-gesting: Well, we may just have to ac-cept the fact that America can’t grow very fast any more. The boom years are behind us, and now we just have to accept that we have this secular stag-nation. There was this whole theory about how it was inevitable that America would have slower and meager growth and few opportunities in the future. Some of us said: That is nonsense. The reason we have slow growth is because we don’t have the policies that will allow the natural entrepreneurial en-ergy and spirit of Americans who in-vest in us and encourage excellent growth. That was the debate. We said tax reform will encourage that growth. What has been happening? We are on track to have over 3 percent growth this year. It will be more than 50 per-cent above the kind of growth we have been getting. The Atlanta Fed GDP Tracker is projecting that for this quarter, growth could be as high as 4.7 percent, which would be absolutely stunning. The CBO is projecting that for the full year, growth will be 3.3 per-cent. This is an economy that we were told could never really manage to eke out better than 2 percent. We are prov-ing that wrong. The American people are proving that wrong. Another aspect of our reform was that we said it didn’t make sense to create the dynamic where a company’s overseas subsidiary, after they earn a profit and pay taxes on that profit in the local jurisdiction in which they are operating, if they return that money home, pay another tax on it. We said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.004 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4317 June 21, 2018 
we have to get away from that system because nobody else in the world pun-ishes multinationals that way, and it discourages investment in the United States. Companies will try to avoid that second layer of taxes by leaving the money overseas. Well, the money sitting and piling up overseas doesn’t help to create American jobs. So we made new reforms that we thought we should and, lo and behold, what is hap-pening? The foreign earnings that had been retained abroad are coming home. It is already happening. There is now more money being shifted from over-seas subsidiaries of American-based multinational companies, coming back into this country, than the money they are earning. It is because not only are they shifting back home their profits, but they are taking their past profits and they are sending that back home as well. Dividends received from abroad, money taken from overseas and in-vested back in America is $340 billion in the first quarter of this year alone. That is an all-time record—a huge amount of money being invested back into the United States. Why is this happening? Why are we getting all of this economic growth and this return of money? I would state that I can think of two big categories that are contributing. One is just the overall optimism about the business environment, the economy’s strength. Why are businesses making the deci-sion now, today, in 2018 to invest more than they did before, to hire more, to increase wages, and to bring back this money? Well, it is because we lowered the cost of investing, hiring, and bring-ing back this money. We have created an environment that is just more con-ducive. There is optimism about our economy and the belief that this is a good time to invest in America and to grow a business. The numbers are off the charts. In fact, the National Federation of Independent Business, a small business organization across the country rep-resenting probably hundreds of thou-sands, maybe millions, of businesses, including really small mom-and-pop operations, but also more substantial businesses, measured the confidence in our economy and our ability to con-tinue to grow and thrive. It is off the charts. The index of overall confidence in May was 107.8. That is the second highest reading in 45 years. That is what we are talking about. That is un-precedented optimism. We have an 18- month streak now of what the NFIB, the National Federation of Independent Business calls ‘‘unprecedented opti-mism.’’ We are at an all-time high of small business owners reporting increasing wages for the people that work for them. There has never been a time when there has been a higher number of small business owners actually rais-ing the wages of their workers. As to sales trends, the growth in sales for small businesses is at the highest level since 1995, 23 years ago. The expansion plans—plans to build new factories, to open up new facilities, and to increase the capacity that they have now—are the most robust in the history of the survey. Never before have we seen stronger numbers than this. The top concern or the top worry that small business owners have used to be the burden of taxes and regula-tion. It isn’t anymore. Now it is wheth-er they will be able to find the workers they need to fill the openings they have in their companies. Fifty-eight percent of firms are actively trying to add workers right now. Right now, they are out looking to employ more people—58 percent. It is really amaz-ing. By the way, this optimism isn’t just from small businesses, it is also con-sumers. Retail sales in May were up 5.9 percent above 1 year ago. That is al-most a 6-percent growth from a year to the next in retail sales. That is con-sumer confidence. That is all of us going to the store and buying whatever we buy. The University of Michigan consumer confidence index was the highest it has been in years in May, and March of this year was the only recent time that it was even near this level. That is be-cause workers are seeing an increase in their paychecks. They are seeing less money withheld, and they are seeing wage increases. They are feeling good about their economic future, and that is really important. So optimism is an important part of it, as well as an attitude that govern-ment isn’t hostile to business and that the regulatory environment isn’t in the ‘‘gotcha’’ mode but in a cooperative mode, with a tax code that encourages investment. All of this clearly contrib-utes to optimism. Let’s drill down a little bit into one of the biggest drivers of this economic growth, and that is business invest-ment. When we decided to make the re-forms to our Tax Code on the business side, we said one of the things we have to acknowledge is business invest-ment—the investment in new equip-ment, in capital. That had really dropped off badly. Without new equip-ment and capital, workers don’t be-come more productive. If workers aren’t more productive, they can’t get higher wages over time. We felt like that was the heart of what was holding back our economy back in the Obama era and, to some degree, before. We stated that we can lower the cost of in-vesting more in your business, invest-ing more in equipment, and spending and deploying capital. We can lower costs by treating it more rationally from a tax point of view, specifically, by allowing full expensing in the year in which the capital is deployed. Cap- ex spending has responded even better than I actually had hoped. To be hon-est, I can’t express how really thrilling it is to see the kind of growth we are having. Let’s start with the broader measure of this. The broader measure of this is business investment. This is a broader category that includes things like equipment, but it also includes things like structures, like a new building. It is really amazing. CBO said that the first quarter of this year—they said that for the first quarter of 2018—before tax reform, they said: Maybe you can get to 4 percent. I think their estimate was 4.4 percent. After tax reform, they said: Maybe you can get that up to 5.6 percent. The ac-tual number was 6.8 percent. What is really amazing is the accel-eration we have seen. These were the quarter-over-quarter changes in busi-ness investment during the latter part of the Obama years. That last year of the Obama administration, 2016, is neg-ative. That means that every quarter, businesses were actually investing less than they were investing the same quarter the previous year. Our capital pool was shrinking. The amount of in-vestment was going in the absolute wrong direction. Look what happened. The tax reform wasn’t passed in these first two quar-ters. You might say: Well, why did it improve then? I think that was because of confidence. I think that was because people realized that we had a new gov-ernment, a new administration, and that we were going to work hard on trying to get tax reform done and that we were going to begin lowering the regulatory burden. Look what hap-pened. We had a total turnaround from a lack of investment, a decline in cap-ital spending, to an increase. Then when we passed tax reform, look how much higher it surged still. These are huge numbers. That is overall business investment. The second chart—we can drill down into what I think is the subset of busi-ness investment, the category of busi-ness investment that is probably most responsive to our changes in tax policy, and that is equipment. That is where a small business owner or a big business can really turn the dial. They can de-cide to buy a new piece of equipment, buy another machine, buy another truck, buy the equipment that they need to grow. That is an easier decision to make than building an entirely new plant. Let’s look at this subset. These are tools, machines, technology, trucks, computers. That is the on-the-ground spending of capital that goes right into the hands of workers so that workers can become more productive. What has happened to this? Again, look at what was happening. The spending from one year to the next in the latter part of the Obama admin-istration was going down. These are negative numbers because the capital being spent on business equipment was actually declining. Look at what has happened since. We changed the environment, changed the regulatory environment, changed the mood, and it turned positive. Then when the tax reform kicked in—and it is true that we didn’t pass the tax re-form until the end of December, but we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.006 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4318 June 21, 2018 
wrote in from the beginning and we made it clear that we would make the expensing provisions retroactive to earlier in the quarter. People saw that, and this has taken off. I think the picture illustrates ex-tremely well the tremendous change, the tremendous acceleration, the growth in equipment investment. The reason I want to underscore this is because this is a very strong indi-cator of future growth. This isn’t some sugar high—that the economy just got a lot of cash thrown on it, and so there is a little, temporary blip. This is the kind of stuff that allows an economy to continue to grow and create more be-cause what we are doing is we are ex-panding the productive capacity of our economy. We are building new plants. We are deploying new equipment, new tools, new machines, new software, new computers, new vehicles. All of those things allow us to produce more goods and services. So not only do you get the surge from when you actually build and put those items to work, but those items continue to be used by workers for years. A new piece of equipment at a factory is going to be there for many years to come. A new truck lasts for a number of years before it has to be re-placed. This kind of growth is exactly the growth we were hoping for, and it is really the powerful driver and the rea-son we can be optimistic. I think this is the reason businesses and consumers are increasingly optimistic about the future. They see a strong economy, and intuitively they understand that this strength is real and that it is likely to be enduring. The important thing about this—and I can’t stress this enough—is that when a business decides to invest more in its business, to buy more modern equip-ment, to buy new equipment, what happens is the workforce becomes more productive. A company doesn’t go out and invest capital to make its workers less productive. That never happens. It invests capital so that its workers can produce more. It is the more productive workers who get higher wages. The example I like to use is, if you ever go to a con-struction site and they are digging the foundation for a building, you might very typically see somebody who is op-erating a backhoe, and you might very typically see a guy with a shovel. He is doing some of the work too. They are both digging a hole in the ground. Who is getting paid more? It is always the guy operating the backhoe because he is much more productive than any human being can ever be swinging a shovel and he has a set of skills that allow him to be productive. So when we are encouraging this kind of invest-ment, we are creating more opportuni-ties for people to earn more. This is very encouraging news about the first 6 months of this year, the first 6 months after the tax reform. I think it is going to continue to get better. By the way, there is good news on the Federal revenue side as well. We have numbers through the end of May. June is not finished yet. For the first 5 months of 2018, the tax revenue col-lected by the Federal Government in the environment of our tax reform was $26 billion more than the same period last year. So we lowered rates, we re-formed the Tax Code, and we are col-lecting more revenue than we were col-lecting before we did the tax reform. By the way, April was off the charts. April’s numbers came in for the actual tax revenue, and it was $30 to $40 bil-lion more than what CBO was pro-jecting. It was the biggest surplus month in the history of the country. It is only June. We have to see how the rest of the year plays out. But the fact is, we have wages growing, we have employment growing, we have businesses growing, and that means that all of the above are paying taxes, and they are going to be paying more. This is exactly what we said to our col-leagues. We said: If we can create the incentives for stronger economic growth, we are going to have a bigger economy. When there is a bigger econ-omy, you can tax it at slightly lower rates and still get more revenue be-cause of the added size of the economy. This, folks, looks to be exactly what is happening, and this is what is so excit-ing. For my constituents, it means that if you are out of work, you have choices. There are more job openings today in America than there are unemployed Americans. There are opportunities. If you have a job, wages are probably moving up. That is what the data shows. Overall, wages are rising at an accelerated pace. Businesses are as confident as they has ever been. That means they are likely to continue to invest and continue to create more op-portunities. I would just say that 6 months into this, our tax reform is working. It is working for our constituents. It is working for our economy. American business is more competitive. Amer-ican workers are more competitive. The benefits are widely shared. I am very enthusiastic about this, and I am looking forward to the data that is continuing to come in response to the most dramatic tax reform in over 31 years. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). The Senator from Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO GREG BROWN  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, it is Thursday, and it is one of the best times of the week for me. I know the Parliamentarians and others who work in the Senate know, and now the pages are going to learn this, too, because it is the time every week when I get to talk about what I call the Alaskan of the Week. I am referring to someone who has made a difference in my State, someone who is doing a great job, and someone who is oftentimes an unsung hero and doesn’t get a lot of attention but deserves it. That is what I do here. As I like to say, Alaska is a very beautiful State. I think it is the most beautiful State in the country, prob-ably the most beautiful place in the world. Now summer has arrived, and the Sun hardly ever sets. The fish are running. The air is drenched in the en-ergy of summer, so now is the time to visit. Everybody who is watching or watching on TV, you have to come visit. The Presiding Officer came a cou-ple summers ago. We had a great time. Her father was out there during World War II, which was a great honor. So you will have the trip of a lifetime. By the way, you will also have the best food in the world. Interestingly enough, in the Senate on Thursdays, one Senator typically hosts a lunch. Today, I am hosting. I think my col-leagues will like this. You can almost smell the aroma. Right now, we are making it in the kitchen here—salmon, halibut, reindeer sausage. We are all going to be treated to that in a little bit. What is truly amazing about my State is the people who call it home— smart, creative, energetic, caring peo-ple, folks helping each other. Today, I want to talk about our Alas-kan of the Week, Mr. Greg Brown. He comes at the suggestion of quite a few members of my staff, who call him Mr. Brown. The lobbying campaign in my office for Mr. Brown to be the Alaskan of the Week has been intense. Mr. Brown, as he is known far and wide among those who went to Anchor-age’s Dimond High School, is a legend among his former students at Dimond, where for 25 years he taught European and U.S. history, art history, philos-ophy, and student government. Many of us are fortunate enough to have had that teacher or person—usu-ally, it is a teacher—who really changed our lives and showed us the pure joy of learning; as my director of constituent relations, Rachel Bylsma, put it, that person ‘‘that made history come alive,’’ that person who made an ‘‘indelible impact’’ on someone’s life or many lives. For Rachel, Andrew—one of my interns, who is here with me on the floor—and five members of my staff in DC and back home in Alaska, that person is Mr. Brown. So let’s talk a lit-tle bit about Mr. Brown. Originally from Texas, when he was 15 years old, his family moved to Alas-ka when his father, who was in the oil business, got transferred to Alaska. A lot of Texans up in Alaska fall in love with it, as he did. He moved back to Texas as a teenager, but Alaska stilled beckoned, and it was never really out of his mind, so in 1989, when his father moved back again, he went back—now with a master’s degree and a few years of teaching—and he never left. He was a substitute teacher for a while and in 1993 got a full-time position at Dimond High, where he has stayed, learned, taught, and where he has inspired thou-sands of students—think about it: 25 years. What makes a good teacher? Accord-ing to Mr. Brown, it is vital that you, the teacher, fall in love with the sub-ject and also, just as importantly, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.007 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4319 June 21, 2018 
you listen sympathetically, and you should know how to reach your stu-dents. Sometimes that is through books, Mr. Brown said, and sometimes the most important thing you can do is just play a game of chess with a stu-dent. I think that is what Andrew and Mr. Brown did. According to his stu-dents, Mr. Brown did these kinds of things. Mr. Brown was a demanding and ex-acting teacher. The papers they wrote for him were graded hard—graduate school-quality. He demanded excel-lence, which is another great attribute of a teacher. Because of his passion for the subjects he taught and the way he treated the students—he treated them like adults who were ready to learn and deliver—he made a huge impact. And learn they did. They read the classics— John Locke, Thomas Hobbes, Socrates, Plato, Machiavelli, Marx. Martin Lu-ther, Patrick Henry, Thomas Paine, and on and on. They learned about the profound impact the Reformation had on Europe. They learned about the ramifications of governmental author-ity. They learned about how art can be a language that reflects the present. They learned about how alliances are formed, how leaders are born, and how the clashing of events can lead to dev-astating wars and world-altering peace treaties. They learned about the roots of all different forms of government. They learned to love—or at least appre-ciate and understand—our own govern-ment and the importance of institu-tions like the U.S. Senate. This year was Mr. Brown’s last year as a teacher. He is, unfortunately, re-tiring. He bought a plot of land in Wil-low, AK, the part of the Alaska we call the Mat-Su Valley. He is going to gar-den, he is going to fish, he is going to read, and he is going to travel, but he is still going to be with us, and he can do that in part because of a gift he re-ceived from his students at his retire-ment party. This is quite unusual. This party, which was thrown for him by his stu-dents at his retirement, was quite amazing. Hundreds of his past students showed up to pay tribute to Mr. Brown. Some of them gave speeches. Many of them cried. At the end, they handed him a picture that one of his students painted. It was a reinterpretation of the School of Athens by the 16th-cen-tury artist Raphael, but it substituted Mr. Brown for Plato in that very fa-mous painting. Then something really amazing hap-pened at that party. The students also handed Mr. Brown a voucher. They had individually raised $16,500 for him to travel the world. Think about that. Motivated and inspired students, over 25 years, came together, threw a party, and raised money for their beloved teacher just to show him their deep ad-miration and abiding appreciation. That is very special for a special teach-er. What was his reaction to the gift? Mr. Brown said: I wanted to go somewhere and gently weep. My students have always given me more than I have given them. 
Now, Mr. Brown, I am not sure that is true. You have given so much. In fact, at the party, one of my staffers— I already mentioned Rachel—in her speech about Mr. Brown said, ‘‘Each student you taught . . . carries a piece of the precious gift you gave, learning the contours of history and the trends that have defined the course of human-kind.’’ Powerful stuff. So, Mr. Brown, thank you for all you have done for our young people, for our State—really, for the country—pro-ducing great Alaskans with a sense of civic duty and history. Thank you for being such a great teacher—and we have so many in our great State—and thank you, on your retirement, for being our Alaskan of the Week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR —S. 3093 
AND S . 3100 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I understand there are two bills at the desk due for a second reading en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. The clerk will read the bills by title for the second time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 3093) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. A bill (S. 3100) to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington. 
Mr. CORNYN. In order to place the bills on the calendar under the provi-sions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. 
RESCISSIONS BILL  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I wish to first address the vote we held yesterday—one that unfortunately failed but I believe was important nonetheless. It would have set in mo-tion a series of spending reductions— not on bills where we had appropriated money for programs and we knew where it was going to be used, but these were essentially surplus funds which were not being used for the in-tended purpose and which I believe should have been used to reduce our annual deficits and ultimately our na-tional debt. I want to express my gratitude to Senator L
EE, the Senator from Utah, who spearheaded the effort to take up a bill that the House had already passed. What we were attempting to do was rescind nearly $15 billion in previously appropriated money that has gone unspent, as I said a moment ago. This was just one small way to show the American people that we are serious— as the majority leader put it yester-day—about tightening our belts finan-cially and taking small steps that hopefully would add up to big steps to live within our collective means. I voted for the rescissions package because I believe strongly that the gov-ernment should prioritize keeping its fiscal house in order, one that con-stantly works to improve and imple-ment fiscal discipline. I am concerned now that as interest rates are starting to rise, we are going to see more and more Federal spending go to pay debt service or interest pay-ments on bonds that have been issued to secure our national debt. So I hope we can come back to the table soon with new ideas, and I am disappointed in the outcome of that particular vote. KEEP FAMILIES TOGETHER AND ENFORCE THE  
LAW ACT  
Madam President, I have also been speaking this week about the ongoing situation at the U.S.-Mexico border. Of course, this is my backyard. I come from Texas, and Texas has a 1,200-mile common border with Mexico. We know, because we have all seen in the news and been moved by these scenes of peo-ple illegally crossing the border with children or individuals they claim to be their children and being separated as they have been processed, consistent with current law, including laws Con-gress had passed, signed by the Presi-dent—not necessarily this President, in fact—consent decrees, and other court judgments that necessitated that chil-dren be treated differently than people who illegally enter the country as adults. I will be traveling to the Rio Grande Valley tomorrow. Senator C
RUZand I both will be in Brownsville and McAllen so we can learn from the peo-ple who are working on behalf of all of us to make sure everybody is treated with dignity and compassion. But we also enforce our laws against illegal immigration. President Trump yesterday issued an Executive order, which I viewed as an emergency measure, that does not sub-stitute for congressional action. In fact, I am confident that the Executive order will be the target of lawsuits. I think the only thing that could really settle the matter once and for all is legislation, which I know the Presiding Officer and I and others have cospon-sored, to keep families together and to maintain enforcement of our laws. Executive orders, of course, as I said, are always subject to legal challenge, and I think we ought to view this as more of a belt-and-suspenders. The President decided he wanted to do what he could on a temporary basis, but it is just a temporary basis, and we need to make sure, as I said, that this is finally settled so that no parent will be sepa-rated from their child even if they enter the country illegally. They will be treated both humanely and with compassion while they are presented to a judge who will make a decision on whether they qualify for a legal immi-gration benefit like asylum, for exam-ple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.009 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4320 June 21, 2018 
The legislation I am referring to is led by the junior Senator from North Carolina and is called the Keep Fami-lies Together and Enforce the Law Act. As the title of the bill suggests, there are two parts: treating families with compassion while allowing them to re-main together and enforcing the laws on the books. They don’t have to be mutually exclusive, and our bill would ensure that they are not. It will allow children to stay with their families in a safe facility while they await their court proceedings. It will also set mandatory standards of care for family residential centers where immigrant families are placed and keep children safe by requiring that they are removed from the care of any individual who poses a danger to them. Just as importantly, it will re-quire more than 200 new immigration judges and require the Department of Homeland Security to expedite the court proceedings for these children and families. Some have rightfully asked questions about the families who have already been separated: What happens now to the children who have already been separated from their parents? I can tell you our bill requires the ad-ministration to take steps to reunify as many families as possible who re-main in the custody of Immigration Customs Enforcement or Health and Human Services. I have to tell you, this is an old movie in many respects. We have seen this movie before, particularly in 2014, when we saw a flood of unaccompanied children coming across the south-western border. President Obama, at the time, called it a humanitarian cri-sis, and I agree. We simply weren’t pre-pared for this flood of children from Central America coming to our border and seeking refuge or asylum. We worked hard to try to make sure they were treated compassionately and hu-manely, but the law, similar to the law in effect now before the President’s Ex-ecutive order and the law that would be modified by the new bill I men-tioned a moment ago—the current law requires those children to be processed by the Border Patrol, to then be hand-ed over to Health and Human Services, and ultimately placed with a sponsor in the United States pending their hearing on their immigration case. Be-cause of the huge backlog of cases, it could be literally months or years be-fore those cases are heard. It shouldn’t surprise anybody that the overwhelming majority of individ-uals don’t show up for their court hear-ing. That is why it is important for us to move these cases to the head of the line, to maintain a humane detention while they are awaiting their court hearing—hopefully, in a matter of days or weeks, at most. This is a huge problem that frankly was exposed, in part, by the New York Times. It recently reported that based on the tens of thousands of children who came across the border as unac-companied minors who had been placed with sponsors, in a check of where those children are now, at least 1,500 of them are unaccounted for. That should surprise no one because the sponsors were not required to be citizens. They weren’t required to be relatives. They weren’t even required to have a criminal background check. When the U.S. Government places these children with sponsors in the United States with such inadequate su-pervision and review, it should not sur-prise anyone that, unfortunately, some of them will be unaccounted for; hope-fully not recruited into gangs, hope-fully not trafficked for sex, hopefully still alive. This is a huge humanitarian crisis, and the latest episode having to do with separation of families is just the latest version of that story. Who benefits from status quo when we fail to correct our laws to make sure that both individuals coming across the border are treated humanely and that we enforce our immigration laws? Who benefits the most? It is the transnational criminal organizations, the cartels, which make money off the status quo. As one person called it the other day, when they were referring to the situation, these organizations are commodity agnostic. As long as they can make money, they will traffic in people, drugs, weapons, and other con-traband. They don’t really care as long as they make money. Until Congress acts, as we must, these cartels, these criminal organiza-tions, will continue to exploit these gaps in American law, and the people who will be hurt the most are these children and immigrants who do have a case to make before the immigration courts. I hope we will act. Frankly, our track record is not good when it comes to fixing our broken immigration sys-tem, but I know Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , the Senator from California, and Senator T
ILLIS have been talking, and a lot of us have been putting our heads to-gether to figure out how we can come up with a narrow bill that will keep families together and allow us to en-force the laws of the land. I hope we keep trying until we get it done and get it done right. Other proposals have been made, in-cluding one by our friend the senior Senator from California. She and I have worked together on many issues, but on this one, I think her bill has a lot of problems. In fact, there is a huge question about what sort of enforce-ment, if any, would ever be permitted under her bill. In effect, her bill would make it impossible to enforce the law against an adult illegally crossing the border unless the child is able to go to jail with that adult. I don’t want a child to have to go to jail and be ex-posed to hard and potentially violent criminals. This is a big problem with our friend’s bill, Senator F
EINSTEIN . By the way, every single Democrat on that side of the aisle has signed on to that bill. Did they intend this re-sult? No, I don’t think they intended it, but it is a big problem with their bill. Children should not go to a jail run by the Bureau of Prisons. No one, I would think, would think that is a good idea. So that is essentially what the bill re-sults in. Again, I am not saying this was their intention, but the result is to reinstate this catch-and-release program, which has been a failure of our immigration system for a long time. When there is nowhere for the families to be detained and when they can’t go to Department of Justice facilities, basically, the au-thorities simply have to let them go and say: Come on back in a few months, maybe a couple of years, when your case comes up on the immigration court docket. That is the result. As I said earlier, in the vast majority of cases, people do not reappear because they understand, if they made it that far, they are basi-cally off scot-free. The cartels and the transnational criminal organizations that traffic in people and facilitate this sort of illegal immigration are the ones cashing in on these vulnerabilities and on these gaps in American law. We need to fix it. Let me correct one other misconcep-tion from all of the emotional news we have seen recently. Sometimes the facts get lost. If an immigrant family crosses the border outside of a des-ignated port of entry, they have broken the law, unless they are authorized. If you release these individuals without any consequences, you send a clear message that it is acceptable to cross our borders illegally. Once you have sent the message to the criminal orga-nizations—to people in Central Amer-ica and elsewhere—that it is OK to break the law and you will be released without any consequence, it should come as no surprise that a huge per-centage of illegal immigrants fail to show up at immigration court hearings and that it is a magnet attracting more illegal immigration if there are no consequences associated with it. With all due respect to my friend, the senior Senator from California, her bill has these unintended effects, and I think simply will not do. I want to be clear, we want to work together to try to address what she wants to accom-plish and what we want to accomplish. Let’s keep families together, but let’s not inadvertently or unintentionally reinstate the broken catch-and-release policies, which simply serve as a mag-net for more illegal immigration. Some commentators have pointed out the problem I have identified. It is not just me. They have said Senator FEINSTEIN ’s bill would present law en-forcement with a terrible choice of ei-ther keeping children with parents or criminals in the middle of being pros-ecuted or not prosecuting those viola-tions of the law at all. That is not real-ly a choice. We know what the decision would be. Those cases would not be prosecuted. There would not be en-forcement. Then, again, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.010 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4321 June 21, 2018 
transnational criminal organizations, the people who try to take advantage of our laws, will have won. With these and other shortcomings, I think the much better option would be the bill introduced by Senator T
ILLIS , which I, the Presiding Officer, and oth-ers have cosponsored. It would achieve two important goals: continued en-forcement of our immigration laws and the unification of families. Some of our friends on the left seem to want one but not the other. They want to unify families, but they don’t want to en-force our immigration laws. They say they want to see zero tolerance ended— zero tolerance for violating immigra-tion laws, and, of course, they cast a lot of aspersions on the President and the Attorney General for implementing this policy, along with the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security. Let’s think about their criticism for a second. What does that really mean? If you aren’t happy with zero tolerance of violating our immigration laws, that means you are happy with tolerating exemptions for lawbreakers. You tol-erate not enforcing immigration laws under some, perhaps many, cir-cumstances. We can all see where that leads us. It encourages illegal immigra-tion by sending a message by saying we will not enforce our laws. We should not stand for that and neither should the American people. It would be a big mistake. Tomorrow Senator C
RUZ, my col-league from Texas, and I will be trav-eling to Brownsville and Weslaco, once again, so we can get eyes on the situa-tion there and learn from the people who are charged with making sure our policies are carried out. As I mentioned, Texas has 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico, and we are ground zero when it comes to the border security challenge. I look for-ward to talking with our Federal and local officials about the situation, along with faith-based organizations and other groups who are trying to help out. We need their help and wel-come their help. Ultimately, I urge colleagues on both sides of the aisle to continue talking urgently and to support the bill Sen-ator T
ILLIS and others have introduced. We can come together, we can fix this problem swiftly, and ensure these chil-dren are kept together with their fami-lies. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
IMMIGRATION  
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, few issues have bedeviled our country and our political process more than immi-gration. It is well known by now how difficult it is to get anything done on the topic. Later today, the House will have a vote. I don’t know how that will turn out, but we have seen how dif-ficult it is to even get to that point. The reason it is a difficult issue is multifaceted. The first is, it involves people. It is easy to throw around num-bers—100,000, 1.1 million a year, 2,000, but these are human beings who, by and large, want to come to America be-cause it is the best country in the world. That is one of the things that makes it difficult; we are talking about human beings. It is not trade. It is not dollars. It is people. The other reason it is difficult is because we are a nation in which few, if any of us, are but a few generations removed at most from someone who came here from some-where else. The closer you are to that reality, the more you identify with those who want to come here. I was blessed to be born in the United States, but I didn’t do anything to earn that. I happen to have benefited from the fact that my parents lived 90 miles away from the greatest Nation on Earth. They could have been born somewhere else. They could have made a different decision in their lives. I am not sure what would have happened, quite frankly, since my parents had me in their forties, and I am not even sure I would have been born. I am a bene-ficiary of that incredible blessing. The flip side of it is, I am also a law-maker, and I understand that every Nation on this planet has immigration laws. Mexico has immigration laws. Canada has immigration laws. Canada, earlier this week, sent out a statement to TPS recipients in America that if your TPS expires, don’t come to Can-ada because we are not going to let you in. I have personally witnessed the im-migration laws in places like Hon-duras—one of the source countries of some of our migration. I was there 2 years ago, and I visited a migration place. Basically, Honduras’s policy is this: We detain you, we feed you, and we give you 48 hours to get out of the country. Every country in the world has im-migration laws, and anytime those laws are challenged by large numbers of people who want to enter outside of those laws, it creates friction and prob-lems. It has throughout the history of this country, and it is doing it all over the world right now. The governing co-alition in Germany could collapse over the issue. Multiple elections in Europe have been decided. In fact, the very fu-ture of the EU itself is under duress over the issue of migration and a com-mon border. So this is not just a difficult issue in America. It is a difficult issue around the world. One of the reasons that it is so difficult here is that we have long prided ourselves on being a nation of immigrants, and we remain that. One of the things that isn’t repeated enough—and you will never get this if you listen to some of the ways this issue is covered on either side of this debate—is that every single year, over 1 million human beings enter the United States legally, and many of them, within 3 to 5 years, swear an oath to become American citizens. I be-lieve, with all of my heart, that that strengthens our country. With all of this noise that you are hearing, just re-member the baseline, which is that every single year over 1 million people come to this country legally. That has happened, and it will happen again this year. I will tell you that no other na-tion on Earth even comes close to ex-tending that level of generosity. The problem we have is that in our region there are countries of incredible instability. This ebbs and flows. I live in South Florida, a majority minority community that is deeply influenced by migration waves of Cubans who have come in multiple waves to flee communism; of Haitians who have come through during different periods of instability; of people who fled insta-bility in Nicaragua, for example, in the 1980s and called this home; of Colom-bians who fled in the 1990s because of violence there; or of Venezuelans who seek asylum now because of the situa-tion there. Every time there is a hemi-spheric problem, people in these coun-tries seek to go to the greatest Nation on Earth, which is the closest to them, by the way. That is the United States. So this is not new for us. Our chal-lenge is how we can accommodate that and accommodate our legacy as a na-tion of immigrants but also do it through a system of law. There is noth-ing wrong with having ordered compas-sion. We have safety net programs in America that provide people who come upon tough times with healthcare and housing and money for food, but there is a process by which to get it. There are qualifications that you have to meet, there is an application that you have to fill out, and there is a limit as to how long you can use it. That is true with most charities as well. So you can be generous, and you can be ordered. Yet every time there is any sort of in-stability in a region, it places migra-tory pressure on the United States. One of the ones that has arisen lately over the last few years is the insta-bility in Honduras, in Guatemala, and in El Salvador. You can watch the doc-umentaries. You can read the books and the articles. You can interview the people. I can tell you that I know people per-sonally. I don’t know them like I met them at an event. I know them. I know their families, and I know their stories because they live in South Florida. I know. I know people who have left because some local gang, thug, or organized crime group went to them and said: Unless you pay us 10 percent of what you make this month, we are going to kill your daughter; we are going to kill your wife; and we are going to burn your store. When people are told that, they leave. I know people who have left because they can’t feed their families. So they come because they are going to work and send back money so that their kids can eat. I ask everyone: If you are a parent and your children are hungry and if you are fearful that your children or your wife or your family could be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.012 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4322 June 21, 2018 
killed by a gang, would you not do al-most anything to help them? We understand that part. Yet that has to be balanced with the reality that America is a country that is proud of its heritage of being a nation of im-migrants that continues to be generous in welcoming them but that it also has to have a system. It can’t be disordered because, otherwise, it strains our ca-pacity. It also overlooks another obli-gation we have, and that is the obliga-tion to our own people. No nation on Earth, not even one as wealthy and as great as America, can welcome every single human being on the planet who wants to come here. That is not harsh. That is true. What other country does? Canada doesn’t do that. Mexico doesn’t do that. No other nation on Earth, including the ones that are criticizing us, has a policy like that, and many are much more restric-tive than the United States. In most of the nations in Europe, you can go there, but they don’t ever let you be-come a citizen. Every country has its own set of rules, and our rules have fluctuated. There have been times in our history when we have been much more restrictive than now in terms of immigration. So we have this situation. We have this incredible instability in places like Honduras, El Salvador and Guate-mala. One of the responses to it, which I strongly support—we will fund it again this year—is something called the Alliance for Prosperity. In the long term, it is probably the best thing we can do to deal with the problem we have right now. What that does is to build the capacities of the governments in those countries to deal with those gangs that are threatening people. It creates economic opportunities so peo-ple don’t have to leave. By the way, this migration isn’t good for those countries. If you are the country of Honduras and your young-est, hardest working people are leav-ing, how are you going to build your economy in the future? It doesn’t like it either. We need to help Honduras. We are trying to, and we are doing that, but it takes time for it to work. If you don’t think that will work, then, I ask you: Why don’t we have mi-gratory crises from Peru or Chile or Uruguay or Colombia or Brazil or Ar-gentina or Costa Rica or Panama? We don’t have migratory crises from those countries because, while they don’t have America’s wealth, you can find a job and you are not being threatened every day by a gang. The more we can do to help countries reach that point, the less migratory pressure we will have. That is, by far, the most effective border security measure we could take, if it works. We have to make sure that it works. So now we have this situation, and it is a difficult one. I hear these people on television, and I have to tell you that I don’t know where some people get their information or even care about how they get their information, but they just say things that aren’t true, and they make it sound like it is so simple. Here is the bottom line. Imagine, for a moment, that a family arrives unlaw-fully at the U.S. border, meaning that the family doesn’t have a permit to enter and it doesn’t have a visa. The family just unlawfully crosses the bor-der. You are now apprehended. You have children with you, and you are an adult. The law says—something called the Flores settlement, which is binding, which the White House is challenging with this Executive order—that you can hold the children for 20 days. You can detain the adults. They violated the law. It could be a misdemeanor. If it is a repeated offense, it is a felony. It could even be a civil offense, poten-tially. You can detain the adults if you need to, but you can’t detain the chil-dren. This is the dilemma because, if you don’t detain people, we know that a substantial percentage—and I mean a very high percentage of people—once apprehended and released, never shows up for the hearing. People are sched-uled for hearings before immigration judges, but it could take a couple of years. When the hearings come, we don’t even know where they are to even notify them of the hearings. They just don’t show up. They don’t show up at all. If you let them go, you will never see them again. You are basi-cally passing them through. Yet you can’t detain the kids they came with. So you are left with this choice: I can’t detain the kids; there-fore, I can’t detain the family together. So either I let them all go and never hear from them again or I detain the adults and separate them from their children. That is the decision the ad-ministration made along with saying: We are going to enforce every single one of these cases. Yet I already told you that if you let them go, your chances of ever having them show up again are virtually nil in many cases. That has led to the problem because, even though we are a nation of laws, we are also a nation with deep Judeo- Christian principles. You are watching it on television, and you are seeing kids who are crying. Forget about being a Senator now. You are a parent, and you are thinking to yourself: This is horrifying that this is happening in America. It has to end. So the administration says: We are going to end it, and we are going to de-tain them together, and someone is going to sue us under the Flores settle-ment, which is why Congress must act. I watched some of the speeches on the floor last night by some of my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, and the best way I can describe the ar-gument is that I understood it, and, if I am wrong, then somebody should tell me. I listened to the arguments care-fully because I was thinking that there has to be a way to deal with this be-cause it is a tough issue. This was their argument: No. 1, do not detain the children at all. Keep the Flores settlement in place, and don’t detain the children. No. 2, don’t separate the families. That means, not only can you not de-tain the children, but don’t detain the parents. Let them go. No. 3, if they don’t show up for their hearings and you eventually run into them, don’t deport them either. If we are not going to detain children and if we are not going to detain par-ents and if they don’t show up for the hearings and we are not going to de-port them unless they are violent criminals, then, the de facto policy is this: If you come to the United States alone, you will be detained and re-turned, but if you come to the United States with children, you will be re-leased and, potentially, never be de-ported. Now, this is not conjecture. I already told you that I know people. I want to tell you the perception that that cre-ates. People can argue about whether dividing families is a deterrent or not. I don’t even want to make that argu-ment because I don’t think that is a de-terrent that we should use as a nation. It is not who we are. We should never say that we are going to punish your kids in order to keep you from doing something. Yet I can tell you that, whether or not it is a deterrent, it is most definitely an incentive to have a policy that says: If you come alone, you will be apprehended, detained, and returned, but if you come with kids, we are going to let you in. It is true that I find it cruel to sepa-rate these kids from their parents. I want to tell you what else is cruel, and that is the journey that people have to undertake in the hands of some of the most horrible human beings on this planet who traffic human beings through Mexico and across our border. Let me tell you how horrible it is. It is so horrible that many of the young women who actually make that jour-ney ensure that they get on birth con-trol before they go on the journey be-cause they expect to be sexually as-saulted. That is how cruel it is. It is cruel because children disappear on that journey. We don’t know what hap-pens, but they vanish. It is cruel be-cause families are often robbed and beaten on that journey. It is one of the nastiest, most cruel journeys anyone could imagine. I will never forget being in Honduras a couple of years ago when we were at a migrant center. Our U.S. Customs and Border Protection people, who were embedded there alongside our Honduran partners, were talking to this young man who happened to be from Cuba and who was on his way to the United States. They warned him. They showed him. They talked him through it. They said: Once you cross this border, you are about to be in the hands of some of the worst human beings on the planet, who make a habit of killing people, assaulting people, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:37 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.013 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4323 June 21, 2018 
trafficking people. This young man was determined. To be honest with you, I don’t know what happened to him. I gave him my number. I told him that if he were to make it to the States, we could be helpful, whatever it might be. We never heard from him again. I imagine he made it or something else happened. I, personally, tried to discourage him from making the journey. So, yes, it is cruel to divide families. It is also cruel to have an incentive for people to bring children on this jour-ney, and that is what this is. To go back to the point, unless I am wrong, as I understand it, the policy that we are being asked to support by some is this: Don’t detain the kids. Don’t detain the parents in order not to separate the families. When they don’t show up for the hearings, don’t deport them. Well then, basically, your de facto law is that if you come to the United States alone, you will be detained and returned. Yet if you come with kids, you will get to stay. That is irrespon-sible. If that is, in fact, the policy, then you should admit that this is our pol-icy and that this is what we think the law should be. You can’t go around say-ing you are for border security but then never say what you are for. You can’t go around saying that we should only enforce our immigration laws on dangerous criminals. Everyone agrees with that one. The bottom line is, if we want to con-tinue to be a nation of immigrants and of immigration, then we have to have an ordered system of immigration. Otherwise, you have what we have now. You have what we have now in Amer-ica, and you have what we have now all over the world, which is many people— a nation of immigrants—turning on immigration, not because they don’t believe in it but because they think what we have now is unsustainable and wrong. You will never hear me say that these people are animals or terrible people. They are not. Look, any time you take thousands of people and put them together, and, of course, there are going to be bad people among them, but it is my experience and my deep be-lief that the overwhelming majority of people are just looking for a better life. People are looking to send money back to their families, to live in safer places, and to reunite with loved ones who are already here. Their motives are not wrong, but there has to be a process by which to do it, and our laws put us in this position every single day. I will never forget this. A handful of years ago, the home across the street from ours was occupied by a family. I don’t know what happened—well, I know what happened, obviously. At some point, they didn’t pay their rent long enough, and the landlord evicted them, which requires you to go to the courthouse and get a court ruling. The sheriff’s office comes and opens the door and takes out all your furniture and puts it on the curb. We drove by and saw that family sit-ting there on their couch. There were three kids. The mom was on the cell phone calling somebody. All their pos-sessions were sitting in plastic bags on the curb because they didn’t pay their rent. They were evicted, and it was painful to watch. We did what we could. We tried to talk and see whether there was anything we could provide to make sure they had a place to stay that evening. But no one suggested that what we should do is just not allow landlords to evict people for not paying the rent. No one suggested that because we realize that if we ever have a law like that, no one will ever rent their property to people again. If we stopped enforcing the right of a land-lord to evict people from their homes, if we were to stop enforcing that, then there would be no more landlords. No-body would ever put anything up for rent. We would have a housing crisis. But that doesn’t mean that it doesn’t break our hearts to see the images of what that means when we see that ap-plied. I know people who lost their homes in foreclosure. Their homes are their dream. They came across difficult times and couldn’t pay the mortgage, and they were out of their homes. It breaks your heart, but I haven’t heard anyone suggest that we should make mortgages unenforceable. It is not the same thing, but my point is that our laws always put us in this situation, but the answer can’t be to not enforce the law. Every single day, even as I speak to you now, some-where in this country, some adult is going to be arrested, and this adult is going to go to jail—perhaps for many years—and their children are not going to be able to see them. I am not claiming that someone who commits a horrible crime in America is the same as someone who crosses our border. My point is that it happens every day, and no one should diminish it, but no one suggests that we should no longer arrest anyone or apply the law to people if it divides them from their families, because jails are full of people who have been divided from their families. I make these points not as compari-son. I am not saying that being evicted from your home and crossing the bor-der are the same thing. I am not saying that being convicted of a serious crime and spending years in jail and crossing the border are the same thing. What I am saying is that oftentimes the appli-cation of our law leads to results that trouble our hearts, but we recognize that if we don’t apply the law, the al-ternative is as bad, if not worse. That is where we are. The reason why a nation of immi-grants has a significant percentage of Americans who frankly want to see im-migration significantly slashed is not because they have forgotten where they came from but because they think this thing is out of control. They are OK with 1 million people or 800,000 peo-ple a year coming into the country le-gally; what they are not OK with is anyone who wants to come, coming anytime they want, from anywhere they want, and they react against it. It is easy to hear these people on tel-evision say: Well, that is something horrible that is going on in America. It is the President’s fault. It is this one’s or that one’s fault. It is happening all over the world. It is happening in every country in Eu-rope. It is increasingly now putting pressure on Canada. It is happening in Mexico, which a few years ago began to crack down on their southern border. So the best way forward is a bill that Senator T
ILLIS and others filed yester-day, and that is one that would allow us to house families together while their hearing is pending. Some will qualify for asylum and get to stay. Others will have to return together. Is it perfect? No. The U.S. Government is not in the business of housing families. We do have an obligation to ensure that we can expedite their hearings so they are not there for a long time. We do have an obligation to say: If you le-gitimately qualify for asylum, you should be given the opportunity to apply for it. We do have an obligation to say that while we retain families, we are going to provide them safe, sani-tary conditions, because that is who we are as a people, and that is who we should be. We do have an obligation to do all of that, and that is why this bill adds 200 new judges to help expedite and why it calls for expediting cases that involve families with children. I know this is a tough issue, but our law cannot be that if you come here unlawfully with children, you get to stay and we are not going to enforce it, because that creates a cruel incentive for more people to do that. If we are basically saying: We have laws, but we refuse to enforce them, then we don’t have an immigration system, and peo-ple will turn on immigration, and then we can’t solve the problem. I say to you in closing, as someone who is by no means an immigration re-strictionist—by no means—in fact, I support doing something reasonable with the people who have been here for a long time and are not dangerous criminals and are now part of our coun-try. I support extending TPS for the Haitian community, many of whom are now business owners in Miami-Dade County, where I live. I support extend-ing TPS for the Honduran community who are here legally. TPS makes you legal. Some of them own businesses, and some have graduated and are going to medical school. I support all of that. I support doing something responsible with people who were brought here as children through no fault of their own and who have grown up here. Some of them don’t speak any language but English. I support their finding some permanency in this country and a path to citizenship. I support all of that stuff. I also support enforcing our immigra-tion laws so that we can welcome more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.014 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4324 June 21, 2018 
people in the future. But there has to be a process. Every sovereign country in the world has laws and a process, and most of them enforce their laws in ways that are much more stringent—in many cases, much more barbaric—than anything that you will ever be accused of having done in the United States. That is not what I am advocating, and I don’t know anyone who is. So it has been a tough week on a tough issue. I hope we will act. I know how appealing this is as a political issue. I know how much cable news time people get on both sides talking about it. I hope we can make progress at least on this one little piece and then move forward and do the rest of it. But this one little piece—I hope we will deal with it. I think we have a pro-posal before the Senate that doesn’t make the situation perfect, but it sure makes it a lot better than it is right now; it sure is preferable to dividing families; and it sure is preferable to a law that tells people: Bring your chil-dren on this very dangerous journey because if you do, you will get to stay. It is my hope that we will act and get something done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. ROUNDS. Madam President, I rise today to discuss H.R. 5895, the En-ergy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. I couldn’t help but listen to my col-league Senator R
UBIO and the very fine way in which he has expressed the same thing that many Americans feel, and that is a compassion for those indi-viduals who find themselves at our bor-der and who simply want a better way of life for their families, while at the same time expressing the frustration that our laws are very, very clear that if you want to come into our country, you have to follow the law. At the same time, there is the compassion that has been shown by people across this entire country with regard to these children who, through no fault of their own, find themselves in this seri-ous predicament in many communities along the border. I also want to express my apprecia-tion to the President for the Executive order he has put in place in an effort to at least in a very short period of time address the situation for these young people and try to unite—as many of us want—those families once again. The compassion of the American people continues to shine through with regard to assisting and recognizing those who simply are not in a position to take care of themselves, regardless of which country they are a citizen of today. Madam President, I would like to refer to and discuss the appropriations bill that is in front of us today. This appropriations minibus combines three separate appropriations bills, each of which was voted nearly unanimously out of the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee earlier this year. It expends about $147 billion, or they propose to spend about $147 billion. This is signifi-cant because since coming to the Sen-ate 31⁄2years ago, this is only the sec-ond time we are actually bringing smaller, separate appropriations bills to the floor months before the deadline and also having a healthy, robust de-bate on amendments to this legisla-tion. It is a long-overdue step that is getting us back to what we call regular order, which is the traditional way of working appropriations bills through the Senate. It lets everybody see what is in the bill. It is truly long overdue. Let me go over some highlights of this particular appropriations package of three bills, starting with the Energy and Water Development section. This section authorizes funding for the Department of the Interior, the De-partment of Energy, and the Army Corps of Engineers, just to name a few. It appropriates $42.8 billion to these agencies to improve our water infra-structure and invests in critical na-tional security needs concerning nu-clear energy. It also provides additional resources to invest in science and energy, includ-ing providing full funding for the Long- Baseline Neutrino Facility and the Deep Underground Neutrino Experi-ment, which, at $145 million, is up from $95 million last year. This funding will allow the scientists at the Sanford Un-derground Research Facility in Lead, SD—a world-renown research facility in my home State—to continue their important research on neutrinos and dark matter. The report language of this section also encourages the Army Corps of En-gineers to finally implement the snowpack monitoring program in the Upper Missouri River Basin. It does this by recommending that the snowpack monitoring equipment be eli-gible for funding under the operation and maintenance account. This is sig-nificant because the implementation of the Upper Missouri River Basin snowpack monitoring system will help mitigate the possibility of a major flood event for those living or working along the Missouri River and the Mis-sissippi River. It is time for the Army Corps to step up and finally implement this much needed program, which was originally authorized under the 2014 water re-sources bill 4 years ago. This was in di-rect response to the flood that occurred on the Missouri River and the Mis-sissippi River in 2011. It is time to im-plement this monitoring process now. The Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs section of this bill, which was supported unanimously when it was reported out of committee, sup-ports infrastructure investments to help ensure maximum readiness for our troops, providing a total of $10.3 billion in funding for military construction. This includes report language that ap-propriates $15 million for a new Na-tional Guard readiness center in Rapid City, SD. This section will also provide funding for needed improvements and renova-tions at the VA, including funding to prevent veteran suicide, increase rural veterans’ access to healthcare, and sup-port mental health care programs for our veterans. In total, this bill provides $78.3 bil-lion for the VA to help them care for the approximately 9.3 million veterans enrolled for fiscal year 2019. Finally, the Legislative Branch and related agencies portion of this omni-bus includes funding and policy provi-sions to improve operations and ad-dress heightened security requirements for those working in Congress and those visiting the U.S. Capitol Com-plex. It is important to point out that this is just 3 of basically 12 appropriations bills. This was also approved—this par-ticular portion of this legislation, this three-appropriations-bills package— unanimously by the Senate Appropria-tions Committee earlier this year. By tackling our appropriations bills in this fashion and by allowing Members to offer and actually vote on these amendments to make these bills bet-ter, we are taking a monumental step toward getting our appropriations process back on track. Staying committed to a regular ap-propriations process allows the Amer-ican people, through their elected rep-resentatives, to have a true, meaning-ful voice in how their tax dollars are spent. It also prevents us from having to rely on a series of continuing resolu-tions that have a significant, harmful impact on our military readiness. Mili-tary leaders have repeatedly warned of the dangers of these short-term, stop-gap spending bills and what they do to our ability to adequately train, equip, and maintain a force. In particular, under continuing resolutions, the De-fense Department is restricted from starting new programs, which is deeply concerning in today’s rapidly changing threat environment. Since coming to the Senate, I have expressed my frustration with our bro-ken appropriations system, which real-ly hasn’t worked in 40 of the last 44 years that the current budget process has been in place. While our appropria-tions process is still in need of signifi-cant reforms to truly get a handle on our budget crisis and begin to tackle our $21 trillion debt, taking account-ability and actually managing the 31- percent of the budget that we can vote on is a significant step toward becom-ing more accountable to American tax-payers. Let me say that again. We are talking about 3 of approximately 12 ap-propriations bills. We are talking in this particular case about 11 percent of what we are actually going to be talk-ing about spending. As an example, if you take the total amount of dollars in defense and non-defense discretionary spending, we will propose to spend for this coming year about $1.3 trillion. Of that $1.3 trillion, this group of bills amounts to about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.015 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4325 June 21, 2018 
$147 billion. It is about 11 percent. But at the same time, if you look at the $1.3 trillion that we are going to be voting on—if we do this all successfully under the existing appropriations plan, the way the laws are set out—we will be voting on $1.3 trillion, but the Fed-eral Government will actually spend about $4.2 trillion. The rest of it is mandatory spending: Medicare, Med-icaid, Social Security, and $316 billion in interest on our Federal debt. We don’t vote on that. That is simply on autopilot. But in order to get to that part of the budget, we have to show that we can actually manage and vote on the small-er part of the budget, the $1.3 trillion that is before us in the next series of appropriations bills. Today we take up three of them, for $147 billion in spending. We are spend-ing this entire week doing it. Hope-fully, as all of our colleagues have the opportunity to look at, review, and make modifications by amendments to them, we begin to have the confidence to understand that we really should take responsibility for and, on the longer term, actually start managing and voting on the entire Federal budg-et, which today is, as I say, about $4.2 trillion. I want to take this opportunity to thank Senate Appropriations Chairman R
ICHARD SHELBY , Ranking Member L
EAHY , Leader M CCONNELL , and all the others who worked to get this legisla-tion to the full Senate floor. Responsible spending starts with a responsible appropriations process. We owe it to every American to be respon-sible stewards of their hard-earned dol-lars. I believe this is best achieved through a regular appropriations proc-ess that brings about serious, thought-ful debate as to how and where the money is spent. This bill allows that debate to hap-pen. It is a good bill that invests in en-ergy and infrastructure, provides our troops with additional tools for max-imum readiness, and funds the VA so they can do a better job of taking care of our veterans. I urge my colleagues not only to sup-port these appropriations but future appropriations bills that may come to the floor later this summer, avoiding the last-minute continuing resolution or the usual 2,000-page omnibus bill in September or, unfortunately, even later. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I wish to thank Senators on both sides of the aisle and staff members for work-ing together to have a good process this week on our first appropriations bills. We have three of them that we made progress on. We had six recorded votes in the last couple of days. We have about 20 other amendments—most of them bipartisan—which we believe we could adopt by a voice vote, but we have one or two recorded votes that we are going to need to take this after-noon unless we have agreements other-wise. AMENDMENT NO . 2983 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2910 
Mr. President, based on that, I ask unanimous consent to call up the Ben-net-Gardner amendment No. 2983. I fur-ther ask consent that at 2 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the Bennet amendment, and that no second-degree amendments be in order to the amend-ment prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ], for Mr. B ENNET , proposes an amend-ment numbered 2983 to amendment No. 2910. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To increase employment for mem-bers of the Armed Forces in emerging in-dustries) At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. (a) The Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall evaluate the military installations at which it would be cost-effective to establish a partnership with community colleges, in-stitutions of higher education, and the pri-vate sector to train veterans and members of the Armed Forces transitioning to civilian life to enter the cybersecurity, energy, and artificial intelligence workforces. (b) Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of En-ergy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the congressional defense and energy committees and make publicly available a report describing the re-sults of the evaluation conducted under sub-section (a). 
Mr. ALEXANDER. What that means in plain English is that we will have a vote at 2 p.m. If we secure agreement, we could quickly wrap up this after-noon. If we don’t, we will have further votes this afternoon. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, this morning, the hot Sun rose on a tent city 20 miles outside El Paso, TX. That tent city stands as a makeshift deten-tion facility to house children who have crossed our border and have been separated from their parents. This tent city, I would suggest, is hopefully a temporary monument to modern-day American cruelty. Across South Texas, so-called tender age shelters have sprung up to house very young children, even infants, who have been taken from their parents in an act that pediatricians, psycholo-gists, and frankly anyone who has raised a child themselves know is the most traumatizing and upsetting thing you can do to a young child, which is to take them away from their parents by force, with no understanding of what is happening or expectation of when they will be reunited. This morning, thousands of children woke up to the voices of strangers in strange places and started another day in institutionalized, fenced-in confine-ment. This is happening in our Nation. I have heard from dozens—hundreds of Delawareans by every means they could communicate with me, and I am sure my colleagues have also heard from hundreds or thousands of their constituents, as we, as a nation, have been haunted by the sounds and images of vulnerable children crying out for help. On one hand, I think this is a simple issue of right and wrong, but on the other, this issue, like so many others that affect us in the Senate, has been complicated by politics and by rhetoric and by statements, frankly, meant to mislead. The American people, though, I think deserve clarity about what has been happening along our southern border in recent weeks and what its impacts have been and may be to families, to children, and to parents who have crossed our border. So let’s be clear about what is happening. President Trump and his administra-tion created—created—a humanitarian crisis by adopting a so-called zero tol-erance policy to compel prosecution of all who cross our southern border, many of whom are people fleeing un-speakable violence in their home coun-tries in Central America. Then the President and leaders in his adminis-tration excused or even misled people about this policy—this cruel policy—in a variety of different, conflicting, and, frankly, at times, even absurd ways in the past week. Administration officials claim they didn’t actually have this policy or claimed they were compelled to do this by a nonexistent law or claimed their policy was a deterrent to prevent peo-ple from seeking asylum in the United States. Regardless of the explanations given, the American people spoke clearly and forcefully over the past week and said the President’s policy was unaccept-able. They said this treatment of chil-dren was an un-American tragedy that should not continue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.017 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4326 June 21, 2018 
Under that sustained pressure from the American people, our President re-lented and yesterday signed an Execu-tive order, but even then he has only created new problems with the Execu-tive order he just issued. As a Senator and as a person of faith, my own public service is closely tied to the values taught to me by my Chris-tian faith and by my parents. I know many of my colleagues with whom I have spoken, on both sides of the aisle, feel the same way. We have to ask our-selves as parents, as people of faith: How can we stomach the human suf-fering of a child being ripped from his mother’s arms and that intentional, willful child abuse being imposed to make that child a hostage or a bar-gaining chip in our long-running and unresolved conflicts here about immi-gration policy? How can we tolerate even one father being left in torment, searching for his baby or child, not knowing where they are or even if he will ever see them again, and having that torment imposed as a tool of pol-icy, and how can we stomach multi-plying those individual tragedies by 2,342? By my count, since May, 2,342 chil-dren have been forcibly separated from their parents after crossing our border. In just 6 weeks, 2,342 lives have been changed in ways that will have lasting consequences. Now, the President has issued the Ex-ecutive order that he claims will end this separation of families, but that Executive order is seriously flawed and will create as many problems and ques-tions as it seeks to address. Of course, it doesn’t change the fact that this pol-icy, this zero tolerance policy, has al-ready inflicted trauma and suffering for thousands of families and children. I think it creates a new humanitarian challenge, a new humanitarian crisis, because the consequences of this new Executive order will be to detain entire families in what may well prove to be ill-equipped tent cities. This policy does nothing to clarify what will become of the more than 2,300 children already separated from their families, some of whom have been lost track of by the agencies respon-sible for them. We live in the world’s most powerful and prosperous Nation, but I am afraid we are watching, day after day, the way in which the administration has chosen to treat children, through their indefinite detention or separation from their parents, in a way that will have lasting and negative consequences for our human rights record. As a nation, we were founded as an idea, a place to which people came flee-ing persecution, fleeing countries in collapse or authoritarian regimes, and seeking a brighter, newer future in this country. I think we are being dishonest or shortsighted about our own family’s history if any one of us stands and says that none of our ancestors came here— none of our ancestors came here seek-ing relief from oppression or outside the legal mechanisms of the time. I think we are forgetting our family’s history if we say: Today we must close our border absolutely and prevent any-one seeking asylum from coming to our country. Frankly, I have struggled as leaders in this administration have chosen to cite Scripture and to use their faith as an explanation or justification for why this zero tolerance policy was required. Our Attorney General, a former col-league of mine, someone whose knowl-edge of Scripture I know to be thor-ough, cited Paul’s Epistle to the Ro-mans to justify this policy. In fact, I think it is specifically Romans 13:1 through 5. He said Romans 13 requires us ‘‘to obey the laws of the government be-cause God has ordained the govern-ment for His purposes.’’ I, too, am somewhat familiar—in a passing way—with Scripture. I try to read my Bible daily, and, with all due respect, I disagree with Attorney Gen-eral Sessions’s reading. In Paul’s letter to the Romans, he says, just before Romans 13—in Ro-mans 12, and then just a little later in Romans 13—so if you just read a few verses on either side, I think the mes-sage is clear: We are urged to share with the Lord’s people in need; we are urged to live in harmony with one an-other, and we are reminded most point-edly later on in Romans 13 that love is the fulfillment of the law and that ‘‘love thy neighbor’’ is the greatest Commandment of all. If there is one common theme, not just in this epistle but in the Gospel, it is that Jesus radically opened His heart and His preaching to those con-sidered outcasts and ordinary and marginalized in His society in His time. With whom did He spend His time? Outstanding citizens? Respected leaders? No, with prostitutes, with tax collectors, with lepers, with Samari-tans, with the others, and with the out-casts. I just ask those who heard what At-torney General Sessions had to say and who thought it was the right answer to rethink whether this strained and cramped reading of Paul’s letter is truly a faithful reading. Romans 13 does, indeed, instruct us to follow the law and to respect those in authority, but I will say this par-ticular passage—and it is being mis-quoted in order to support oppression— has a long and storied history. It was cited by Tories in this country who opposed those who stood up for freedom in the American Revolution. It was cited by slaveholders who opposed abolition in the runup to the Civil War. I heard it cited by those who defended the Apartheid regime in South Africa. Yes, it does teach us to obey the law and respect the law. It does teach us that God ordains those in authority, but it does not mean we should simply accept unjust and inhumane laws and the abuses that flow from them. As a person of faith, I simply cannot accept the current policies for the treatment of those who cross our borders seeking asylum and refuge in our Nation. In the last few days, as I have heard on my television and social media, the sounds of crying children and the im-ages of children being kept in what cer-tainly looked to me to be little more than cages, I have been thinking about something written by one of America’s most famous former slaves, Frederick Douglass—a man who spent much of his life in this very city and who wrote about the consequences on the oppres-sor of cruelty. In his book, ‘‘My Bondage and My Freedom,’’ he recounted his life as a slave, and he wrote about the brutal-izing impact of slavery on the people of faith who tolerated it. I think his words bear briefly repeating today. He said at one point in that book: 
The mistress of the house was a model of affection and tenderness. Her fervent piety and watchful uprightness made it impossible to see her without thinking and feeling— ‘‘that woman is a Christian.’’ There was no sorrow nor suffering for which she had not a tear, and there was no innocent joy for which she had not a smile. She had bread for the hungry, clothes for the naked, and comfort for every mourner that came within her reach. 
Frederick Douglass goes on to say: 
Slavery soon proved its ability to divest her of these excellent qualities, and [slavery soon proved its ability to divest] her home of its early happiness. Conscience cannot stand much violence. Once thoroughly broken down, who is he that can repair the damage? 
I think we should reflect, as people of conscience motivated to public service, in many cases by a shared faith, about our responsibility to speak up for the values upon which our Republic was founded and through which it has been improved. When we promote humanity, kind-ness, love, tolerance, and openness, we advance our Nation. I have been heart-ened by the calls I have heard from across my State and country by people of many different backgrounds, many different faith traditions, many dif-ferent political views. I am reminded of that passage of Frederick Douglass of the harm it causes us to be a part of a nation that imposes such a cruel and thoughtless policy and turns away and fails to look at it and fails to step for-ward and fails to change it. I am en-couraged by what change there has been so far, but I will remind those lis-tening that we must redouble our ef-forts. Let me quote just a few. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops called forceful family separation ‘‘immoral’’ and ‘‘contrary to our Catholic values.’’ The Holy Father, Pope Francis himself, expressed his agreement with that opinion, saying he is on the side of the bishops conference in this debate. Rev. Franklin Graham, one of Presi-dent Trump’s most ardent defenders, called this policy ‘‘disgraceful’’ and said: ‘‘It’s terrible to see families ripped apart and I don’t support that one bit.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.020 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4327 June 21, 2018 
A personal friend of mine, Rev. Jim Wallis, of Sojourners, has worked with a broad group from across faith leader-ship, from the evangelical community to the Protestant community, to put together a group that goes by reclaim-ing Jesus and to post online an impor-tant statement that speaks to how across so many different faith tradi-tions this practice, this policy of forc-ibly separating children—and now a subsequent policy of family detention— speaks ill of all of us. Christians, Jews, Muslims, human-ists, people of all traditions have been calling on our President to end this treatment of fellow human beings. I have heard from colleagues, Repub-licans and Democrats, from all over this country, their voices of concern. So it is my hope that we will refuse to tolerate this; that we as a body will take a stand; and that we as a nation will urge our President and this admin-istration to adopt new, more humane policies for people crossing our border and seeking refuge in this country; and that we will support bipartisan legisla-tion to fix our broken immigration laws. It is only by the action and lead-ership of this administration that we have gotten into this space; it is only by their action and leadership that we can get out of it. I pray it is not too late for us to re-store this Nation’s reputation as a country that welcomes those seeking refuge from around the world. I will continue to pray every day for our President, for our Senators, for our Na-tion, for its values, and for our ability to stand up for the treatment of chil-dren in distress. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO MARK PRATER  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to a man who was a loyal and diligent staffer on the Sen-ate Finance Committee for nearly three decades—Mark Prater. Mark began as a tax counsel with the committee in January of 1990. During his 28-year tenure with the committee, Mark has been a shining example of a bipartisan policy staffer. He is a proud Portlander, where he graduated with his accounting degree from Portland State University. He went on to receive his law degree from Willamette Univer-sity and then his LLM in taxation from the University of Florida. After practicing law for a few years in Portland, Mark thought he would take a 2-year break from practice to work in public service, but after he started working for his home State Senator, Bob Packwood, Mark became consumed by the work on the Finance Committee, which was easy to do but especially for somebody like Mark. This was a time when America had a Republican President and both the Senate and House were controlled by Democrats. Yet the tax staff, including a fresh-faced counsel from Oregon, found ways to get bills across the fin-ish line. Some of those bills included significant budget and energy deals that helped jump-start the economy in the early 1990s. After a few years, Mark was pro-moted to chief tax counsel in October of 1993—a post that became synony-mous with Mark Prater for nearly 25 years. In 2007, Mark was named deputy staff director of the Senate Finance Committee. For the next decade, Mark’s legisla-tive management and institutional knowledge were crucial in virtually every bill that was passed out of the Senate Finance Committee—and there have been a lot of them—but Mark’s impact in Congress did not end there. In 2011, Mark was appointed as the staff director of the Joint Select Com-mittee on Deficit Reduction, or the Super Committee, as it was more com-monly known. As many of us remember, September of 2011 was a trying time for America and Washington. Just about any stray statement or suggestion seemed to throw spark on the dry kindling of po-litical frustrations. The Super Com-mittee was created to find a solution to America’s debt crisis but also to act as an example of bipartisan and bicameral cooperation. The first step was select-ing a director who would be able to handle an immense workload while also dealing with unknown forces and Members of Congress who were unfa-miliar with those forces. Mark was the man for the job and shepherded the committee through a process that re-sulted in many work products that would be used over the next several years. But my personal work with Mark is when I really learned to trust and ap-preciate him the most, although I trusted and appreciated him before. From the moment I became the rank-ing member on the Senate Finance Committee and even more so after I be-came chairman in 2015, I leaned on Mark to help develop and negotiate a reform to our long outdated and bro-ken Tax Code. The result was the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—the largest and most comprehensive overhaul of the U.S. Tax Code in 36 years. In the end, I think we can safely say this is one of the greatest legislative achievements in recent memory, and it all happened in large part due to Mark’s efforts, in-fluence, and expertise. I relied on him, and I have to say my reliance was well- placed. Perhaps more than anyone else, Mark can testify that the process for tax reform was years in the making. Contrary to what Democrats may tout, this was not a 6-month, 1 year, or even 2-year effort; tax reform had been de-bated and individual pieces had been negotiated and proposed in some form or another for years, with the Senate Finance Committee producing bipar-tisan working papers and holding hear-ings on dozens of occasions throughout the last decade. Rather than a last-second rush job, I think the facts and history indicate that the process actually began in ear-nest thanks to Mark’s work at the Super Committee. That was when sev-eral of the major bipartisan conversa-tions about improving innovation, re-turning to normal GDP growth, and improving fairness while broadening the base became earnest bipartisan conversations. As we continued to develop tax re-form, much of the work between Sen-ators, their staff, the Big 6, Treasury, constituents, and stakeholders was at least in part facilitated by Mark Prater, who was always there to listen and politely make suggestions and an-swer questions. He did not always like what he heard, but he was willing to negotiate and try to find common ground just to get the football another inch down the field. Tax reform had many bipartisan ideas: Provide relief for middle-class families, broaden the base, bring the corporate rate down, and fix the bro-ken international tax regime. As any-one who has worked in tax before knows, there are 1,000 levers to pull and knobs to twist to get to an end re-sult. But all of this has to happen while walking a difficult political tightrope— a tightrope I am not sure we would have balanced upon without Mark. His absolute mastery of the Tax Code, his compassion, his patience, his sense of humor, and his creative solutions to difficult problems were a key part of the process and the substance of the final product. I am and will be forever grateful to Mark for his sacrifices and commitments to making tax reform a reality. I would be remiss not to also thank his wife Lori and his son James for their support and sacrifice as well. He loves both of them, and really, they are lucky to have him and his love. I am glad to see them all here today, espe-cially so that we can finally celebrate the Stanley Cup coming to Wash-ington. As most of us know, Mark is an avid hockey fan, and his diligent sup-port in that sphere has paid off as well. In sum, losing Mark has been a ter-ribly sad day for all of us here in the Senate, but I am confident that his leg-acy, the tax reform that owes much to him, and the example Mark set for all of us will be remembered and cherished for years to come. I have had hundreds of staff people work with me over the years, all of whom I have regard for, revere our friendships, have learned from, and have pushed and shoved as hard as I could. I have had some really wonder-ful people with me, and they have all been dedicated. They have all given of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.022 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4328 June 21, 2018 
themselves to help this country. But I have never had anybody any more dedi-cated or giving than Mark Prater. Mark Prater deserves the recognition that I am trying to give him here today and much more. I have such a re-gard for him, such a regard for what he stands for, what a decent, honorable, kind, and hard-working young man he is. We have been very lucky to have him in the Senate, on the Senate staff, and on the Finance Committee staff. His efforts and his work are going to be around and understood by many of us for many years to come. I want to thank him personally for the work he has done, the friendship he has given, and the hard work he has performed for all of us here. I wish him and his family the very, very best. On top of all that, I just want him to know that we love him and appreciate him. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be recog-nized for 2 minutes and that my col-league from Colorado, Senator G
ARD-
NER, also have 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2983 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to call up amend-ment No. 2983. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment is pending. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, each year, 230,000 men and women leave military service. Many enter the civil-ian workforce. I know everyone in this Chamber believes we can do a better job connecting our veterans and transitioning servicemembers with re-warding and high-paying jobs. I also know people in this Chamber agree that these men and women are ideal employees for American busi-nesses. They are highly trained, many in advanced technologies. They are ex-perienced leaders. They are driven and mission-oriented. As someone who used to work in the private sector, these are all qualities I have looked for in em-ployees. As a Colorado Senator, I know our State has one of the highest percent-ages of veterans in the country, and we have military bases with transitioning servicemembers. Many veterans from all over the country choose to live in Colorado and make it their home. We also have top science and engi-neering programs in emerging energy industries hungry for a highly skilled workforce. There is a natural oppor-tunity to connect these groups and strengthen the bridge between our men and women in uniform and rewarding, high-paying jobs. That is what this amendment seeks to achieve. It directs our government to identify opportunities with the military to partner with colleges, universities, and the private sector to train our veterans and transition servicemembers for jobs in the growing energy, cyber security, and artificial intelligence sectors. I thank my colleagues for supporting the amendment and especially Sen-ators GARDNER and D UCKWORTH for joining me as cosponsors. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague Senator B
ENNET  for his work on this and the oppor-tunity to work with him to make sure we continue to honor our veterans and armed servicemembers. Our veterans have served and our armed servicemembers proudly serve this country in Active Duty. When they come home, though, one of the ob-ligations we have as a society and country to thank them for this incred-ible service is to make sure they have the skills, education, and training to integrate back into the civilian work-force. They obviously have incredible skills which they have acquired during their military service, and we can put them to use here at home. This amendment simply says the De-partment of Defense and the Secretary of Energy will evaluate military instal-lations to determine which ones are ripe for opportunities to work with community colleges, institutions of higher education, and others so they can enter into agreements to help train veterans—armed servicemembers, members of the Armed Forces, to tran-sition them into civilian life—to help work in the cyber security fields, en-ergy fields, artificial intelligence work-force. In Colorado alone, we have 13,000 job openings in cyber security—13,000 job openings in cyber security alone. This gives us a chance to continue our serv-ice in thanking our veterans for the work they have done in service to our country. I thank my colleague from Colorado, Senator B
ENNET . I yield the floor and urge my col-leagues to vote yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 2 minutes to inform Senators where we are. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank Senators on both sides of the aisle for working well this week on the appropriations process. We are off to a very good start. We have voted on six amendments in the last couple of days. We have about 20 others that we are close to agree-ment on and probably can adopt by voice vote. We have one amendment we are going to have to deal with. If it were not offered, then this would be the last vote for the day. If it needs to be dealt with, then we are going to have to deal with it following this vote. So I wanted Members to know, unless we get agree-ment, we will be having at least one more vote following this vote. VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2983 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question occurs on agreeing to amend-ment No. 2983. Mr. INHOFE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 137 Leg.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Corker Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2983) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, for the information of the Senators, we are about to move to the consideration of the amendment by the Senator from Utah. I want to take about 1 minute to talk about it. The leader will speak, and then I will move to table the amendment. Depending on the outcome of the amendment, there may be other votes this afternoon. I thank Senators for working well to-gether. We have had six votes. We have had 20 that we think we can work out, more or less, in a managers’ package. The Senator from Utah, by the way, has been very helpful in getting us to that point. Yet I am going to move to table his amendment, and I want to ex-plain why. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.024 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4329 June 21, 2018 
This is an authorizing amendment. It belongs on the authorizing bill. This is an appropriations bill. We have worked very hard over the last few weeks, under Chairman S
HELBY ’s leadership and Senator L
EAHY ’s leadership, to try to keep such amendments off of our ap-propriations bill so that we can get to a result. It has been a long time since this body has done what it is supposed to do under the appropriations process. This is the first week of that process. If we table the amendment that is about to come up, we will be able to complete our work, I believe, today or Monday and be off to a good start with about two dozen amendments in a process that is of the kind that we have been saying for weeks we want to see. So, while I totally agree with the Senator’s amendment and have voted for it many, many times, this is not the place for it. Mr. LEAHY. Will the Senator yield on that point? Mr. ALEXANDER. Let me finish, if I may, because we are trying to get to the vote. Well, yes, I yields. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I was simply going to add to what the Sen-ator from Tennessee was saying. Senator S
HELBY and I have tried to keep things that are inappropriate out of the appropriations bill so that we may actually pass some appropriations bills. So I will join the Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Sen-ator for his support. Mr. President, in addition to this, for those on this side of the aisle who op-pose the waters of the United States, remember that the courts have en-joined it, and President Trump has re-scinded it. President Trump’s EPA re-wrote the rule and sent it to the OMB last week. So there will be a new rule, but it is not now in effect. Finally, a small part of the bill is dealt with in the Interior appropria-tions bill. I thank the Members for being here. I respect the Senator from Utah, but following the leader’s remarks, I am going to move to table his amendment. I urge all Senators to do that. We want an appropriations process. We do not want an Omnibus appropriations bill, and that is what we will get if we offer amendments like this during the ap-propriations process. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, look, this is a big test for the Senate. There is broad bipartisan agreement that we need to quit doing Omnibus ap-propriations bills. Chairman S
HELBY  and Senator L
EAHY have gotten not only the committee in a good place, but Senator A
LEXANDER has handled this bill in such a way that we have had broad cooperation in getting it across the floor so as to get it into con-ference and actually make a law—the three appropriations bills. There is no doubt about it—I can’t find many people on this side of the aisle who approve of the previous ad-ministration’s waters of the United States regulation. It is on its way to the ash heap of history right now under this administration. This is not about waters of the United States or about whether we are for it or against it; this is about wheth-er we want to get away from annual Omnibus appropriations bills, and this is the first test here. We have a mini-bus consisting of three bills, and we have had widespread cooperation to get it across the floor. This amendment needs to be tabled because this is not the right place to offer it. I will be joining the senior Senator from Tennessee, the chairman of the Energy and Water Development Sub-committee, in tabling this amendment. Make no mistake about it—it is not be-cause I support the waters of the United States but because that is being taken care of, and we want to have reg-ular order and the passage of appro-priations bills this year. AMENDMENT NO . 3021, AS MODIFIED , TO 
AMENDMENT NO . 2911 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up Lee amendment No. 3021, as modified, to Alexander amendment No. 2911. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. L EE, proposes an amendment numbered 3021, as modified, to amendment No. 2911. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
(Purpose: To terminate a rule relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’) At the end, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is void. (b) Until such time as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defin-ing the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and that final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule voided by this section shall be ap-plied as if the voided rule had not been issued. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I will be very brief. I thank the Republican leader and the senior Senator from Tennessee— the chair of one of the relevant sub-committees—for their comments. We want to make this process work. It is going to take a little work to bring it back to the way it used to be on both sides. This is an outstanding start, and I appreciate that very much. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I move to table Lee amendment No. 3021, and ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be 2 minutes equally divided prior to the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, it is not en-tirely unusual to have policy in an ap-propriations bill. It happens with some regularity. In fact, it happened in the corresponding House appropriations measure. What we are talking about here is some of the worst kind of lawmaking that occurs here in the swamp, in Washington, DC. Congress sets forth a broad, vague standard, and an execu-tive branch agency figures out the rest, sometimes with disastrous con-sequences. In 2015, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers came up with a clean water rule, also known as the waters of the United States rule, one that effectively dramatically expanded the jurisdiction of the Federal Govern-ment over land in the United States, in some instances saying that if a plot of land is wet some of the time, some of the year, during any particular year, you can be subject to massive fines to-talling millions of dollars if you do anything on that land, subject to the arbitrary determinations of Federal bureaucrats. This is something that garnered bi-partisan support in the 114th Congress. We had 49 cosponsors and ended up hav-ing 53 people vote to undo this under a Congressional Review Act resolution of disapproval. That was Republicans and Democrats. Tragically, President Obama vetoed that measure, and we were unable to secure the votes to override that veto. This particular measure is in the House appropriations bill that cor-responds to this one. I urge my col-leagues to support it and to oppose the motion to table. Mr. ALEXANDER. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the motion to table amendment No. 3021, as modified. The yeas and nays were previously ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.026 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4330 June 21, 2018 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 62, nays 34, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 138 Leg.] YEAS—62 
Alexander Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Hirono Hoeven Isakson Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—34 
Barrasso Blunt Capito Cassidy Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Heitkamp Heller Hyde-Smith Inhofe Johnson Jones Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill Paul Perdue Risch Rubio Sasse Sullivan Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Corker Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The motion was agreed to. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CALLING FOR THE RELEASE OF PASTOR ANDREW  
BRUNSON  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I have, sadly, had to do this speech once a week for the past couple of months. So I am back again to draw attention to what I think is one of the saddest mo-ments in the great relationship and history that we have had with the country of Turkey. For 622 days, counting today, we have had an American who spent 20 years as a missionary—a Presbyterian min-ister—in Turkey in prison. For about 19 of the months he was in prison, he was held without charges. A couple of months ago, he was finally charged and indicted, and he was indicted on some of the most absurd charges you could possibly hear. He was indicted with evi-dence that wouldn’t keep somebody in jail overnight in the United States. The person I am talking about is An-drew Brunson. Andrew Brunson is a lit-tle over 50 years old. He was impris-oned in October of 2016. Since then, he has spent nearly 17 months in a prison cell that was designed for 8 people and had 21 people in it. He has lost 50 pounds. He is keeping good spirits, but you can tell his mental state has di-minished. The reason I know that is be-cause I went to visit him. After the indictment was laid out back in April, I heard through his fam-ily that he thought the American peo-ple and the Congress were going to read the indictment and believe it and turn their backs on him, so I thought it was personally important for me to go to that prison in Turkey and look him straight in the eye and tell him that he has the U.S. Congress behind him. In fact, some 70 Senators signed on to a letter expressing their concern, and I appreciate their support, including al-most 150 Members of the House. I wanted to tell him that as long as I am a U.S. Senator, we will never for-get him, and we will never stop until he gets released. Now, some people say: Well, what on Earth was Pastor Brunson doing in Turkey? Well, he was providing mis-sionary work. He was actually pro-viding aid and comfort to Syrian refu-gees who had to flee Syria into Turkey. He has actually provided food. He has a very small church in Izmir that some of the charges of the Turk-ish court—and, by the way, after the prison visit, I went back to Turkey, and I spent 12 hours in a Turkish court-room hearing the allegations myself. They charged that this was a hotbed for terrorist plotting; that this was where Pastor Brunson tried to conspire with others to facilitate the coup—an illegal coup I completely disagree with—a couple of years ago. We actually even had one witness say he had to have been involved in some nefarious activity because one night, in the middle of the night, they saw a light on for 4 hours—that was the charge—and, therefore, there must have been something bad going on. Well, No. 1, just because somebody’s light is on doesn’t necessarily mean they are doing something bad, but what makes it even more remarkable is the room they are talking about is a room I visited when I was in Izmir. It doesn’t have a window. There was no way anybody could have possibly ob-served it. So this witness, who is in prison himself, testifies to the fact that a light was on, and therefore Pas-tor Brunson is a potential terrorist or a coup plotter. I am not exaggerating that charge. As a matter of fact, there is another charge that because his daughter posted a picture of a meal she was enjoying on social media, and it turns out that meal had been identi-fied—a very common meal in Turkey— at some bust of a suspected terrorist organization, the fact that she ate the same food, a common dish in the Mid-dle East and in Turkey, they must also somehow be associated with plotting terrorist actions. These are the nature of charges that have kept this man in jail for, as I said earlier, 822 days. Now, when I talk to the Turkish offi-cials, some of the senior leaders there— and I worked with the State Depart-ment—particularly when I talk to the Turkish officials, they say: Well, we have a judicial process that we must run through, so justice must take its course. Well, how do you square that with the President of Turkey who sug-gests that if we are prepared to trade a pastor who has been in Turkey for 20 years for a religious leader in the United States who is legally present— that we have told the Turkish Govern-ment, the Turkish authorities, that if they can produce a valid extradition case that lives up to the standards of the U.S. extradition system, then we will extradite him, but they are not willing to do that. So on the one hand they say we have to have the legal process take its course, but on the other hand, the President of Turkey, President Erdogan, says, well, we will do a trade. So which one is it? The day that the Turkish President made this comment, I believe Pastor Brunson can be legally classified as a political hostage. What makes this all the more frus-trating for me is that Turkey is a NATO ally. Most people know about NATO, but let me tell you the profound nature of the alliance once you are a member of NATO. When you are a member of NATO, you as a country agree that you will come together and deploy your men and women on foreign soil to protect the sovereignty of that nation. So if Turkey were to be at-tacked by an aggressor, the United States has a treaty obligation to de-ploy, put our men and women in harm’s way to defend the Turkish peo-ple and the Turkish regime. Yet, I have, for the first time in the history of the alliance—and Turkey has been in the alliance since 1952—I have a political hostage, someone being held unlawfully in a country where I have an obligation to put American men and women in uniform at risk. What is wrong with that picture? Well, there is a lot wrong with it, not the least of which, it has never hap-pened in the history of the alliance. No NATO partner has ever treated another NATO ally this way. That is why we have to continue to cast light on this unlawful detention, this kangaroo court, and we have to take every step necessary to make Turkey understand that we are not going to give up. One of the things we are doing to make sure of that is we put a provision in the national defense authorization that asks some serious questions about the nature of our relationship with Turkey and whether we should really continue that commitment that we make to our NATO alliance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.002 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4331 June 21, 2018 
Acquiring Russian missile defense systems. For the first time ever in the history of the NATO alliance, we are going to have an ally that has a poten-tial missile defense system that comes from a would-be adversary? A Joint Strike Fighter manufacturing supply chain that relies heavily on Turkey for our F–35? If Turkey is going to behave this way and they are not going to treat us with the respect I think you should treat another NATO ally, then we have to really rethink the relation-ship with Turkey. So I hope next week is the first week I don’t have to do this speech. I hope next week is the week that we an-nounce Pastor Brunson is going to be released. But as long as Pastor Brunson is in prison, I guarantee you I will be here and I will find everything I can do as a U.S. Senator to make Turkey accountable for the unlawful detention of Pastor Brunson. I thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—70 of them—who agree with me, who agree that Pastor Brunson should be set free. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
KEEP FAMILIES TOGETHER AND ENFORCE THE  
LAW ACT  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, today, I want to talk about an issue that has gotten a lot of attention in Washington and around the country over the past week or so, and that is the issue of children who cross our border, both those who cross the border illegally with their parents and those who come alone. Those who come alone are known as unaccompanied children, or UACs. First, I want to reiterate something I have said a number of times over the past few weeks, and that is that I op-pose the policy of separating children from their parents. I think it is counter to our American values. As we will talk about this afternoon, though, it is also inconsistent with the infra-structure we have in place to be able to deal with it. I was pleased to see the administra-tion agree that we should keep families apprehended at the border together, and I was pleased to see the Executive order the President issued to that ef-fect yesterday. I cosponsored legislation on this issue, which has now been cosponsored by 32 of my Senate colleagues, I am told. It has the support of almost one- third of this Chamber, which would, in effect, take the Executive order and put that into law but also make some other changes that are necessary to en-sure that we can have a sustainable policy with regard to children coming across the border. I believe we can have strong border security without separating families at the border. I believe we can enforce our Nation’s laws, and we should, while re-maining true to our values. Children should be kept in a safe, caring envi-ronment with their parents while im-migration officials quickly assess each family’s individual immigration case. That is the best solution. Beyond the moral argument for hold-ing this policy, by the way, the logis-tics of separating families is just not practical. Let me talk about what cur-rently happens with unaccompanied children. We talked earlier about two cat-egories. One is children who come with their parents, which has been the issue we have been discussing the last week. But there is a bigger issue with regard to those children—in the sense of the number of children who are in the sys-tem—and that is those children who come on their own. As chairman of the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, or PSI, I have been investigating over the past couple of years the handling of UACs. Again, these are kids who come unac-companied. I have done this, therefore, both during the Obama administration and during the Trump administration. From the work we have done over the past 2 years, I can tell you that the De-partment of Health and Human Serv-ices and the Department of Homeland Security are not prepared to effec-tively deal with even more children, unaccompanied minors or those who come in with their parents. There are two key issues that we need to address with unaccompanied children who enter the United States. First, we need to ensure that if our government takes charge of these chil-dren, they are not trafficked or abused. These are children. They need to be treated as such. Second, we need to uphold our rule of law and make sure that our immigra-tion system actually works. To do that, we need to make sure that these children appear for their immigration court proceedings. I am afraid we are failing on both counts now, and that is unacceptable. Let me explain what I mean. I first got involved in this issue—very deeply involved—in 2015, a few years ago, when reports came out that there were eight unaccompanied minors from Gua-temala who had come up to our south-ern border and crossed over. A ring of human traffickers lured them to the United States, by the way. The traf-fickers had gone to Guatemala, talked to these kids’ parents, and told them they would provide these kids with an education in America. They actually got the mortgages for some of the homes as payment to pay for the traf-ficking and the smuggling debt. Also, the traffickers retained not just the mortgages for these homes but, when they got the kids in their control, they said they weren’t going to let the kids go until these debts were totally paid off. They weren’t interested in giving them an education. It turns out they were just interested in trafficking these kids. Anyway, when the kids crossed the border, they were appre-hended. Their status, as defined by Federal immigration law, was that of ‘‘unaccompanied child,’’ or UAC. They were considered UACs. This means the Department of Homeland Security was picking them up—Customs and Border Protection. Following protocol, they were then transferred to the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, HHS. One Federal Department picks them up. They take them to another Federal Department, called the Department of Health and Human Services. HHS, or Health and Human Services, is then supposed to keep these kids for a short period of time, until they can be placed with sponsors. That is how the system works. The sponsors are then supposed to ensure that these kids stay safe and get them to their appropriate immigration legal proceeding. Unfortunately, based on our investigation, often that does not happen. It certainly didn’t happen in this case. What happened in this case is that our investigation was able to re-veal that these kids—who were brought in from Guatemala by these traf-fickers—were taken into custody, had gone to HHS for a short-term detention facility, and then they were sent to sponsors. Guess who the sponsors were, who these kids were given to? The traf-fickers. They were given to traffickers, not to family members or friends or someone who could be trusted when you think of a surrogate family or a foster family. They were put in the custody of the human traffickers. They didn’t vet these people. As a result, the traffickers took these kids north, took them to my State of Ohio, which is again how I got involved in this. They took them to an egg farm in Marion, OH, where these kids lived in squalor conditions. They were required to work 12 hours a day, 6 or 7 days a week. Their paychecks were often confiscated by the traffickers. So they were basi-cally getting room and board. The traf-fickers threatened these kids and their families with physical harm if the kids didn’t perform these long hours and work under these terrible conditions. Fortunately, this trafficking ring was discovered, these kids were res-cued, and they have now been pros-ecuted. What our investigation found out, when we tried to figure out how this could possibly have happened, is that HHS didn’t do the background checks on those sponsors. They also didn’t respond to a bunch of red flags that should have alerted them to prob-lems with these kids and with the sponsors. For example, HHS missed that a group of sponsors were col-lecting multiple kids. That should have been a red flag right there—not just one child but multiple children. They missed a major red flag when a social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.031 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4332 June 21, 2018 
worker working with HHS showed up to help one of these kids—or tried to— and the sponsor turned the social worker away. This is somebody on con-tract with HHS. That didn’t raise a red flag. We held a hearing in January 2016. At that hearing, HHS committed that they were going to do better. This is a Federal agency. To have this Federal agency give kids to traffickers and have this tragic situation unfold is un-acceptable. That was during the Obama adminis-tration, by the way. Remember, this is not a partisan issue. During previous administrations and during this admin-istration, this system has not worked. After that hearing, HHS and DHS, the Department of Homeland Security, under which we have the Border Patrol and Customs and Border Protection, committed to clarifying their respec-tive responsibilities for protecting these kids. The one thing we found out is that nobody was accountable. So people were pointing fingers at each other, and the kids were falling between the cracks. HHS and DHS entered into a 3- page memorandum of agreement that said that the agencies recognize that they should ensure that these kids aren’t abused or trafficked. The memo-randum also said the agencies would enter into a joint concept of oper-ations, spelling out their specific re-sponsibilities within a year’s time. That would be done by February of 2017. That is, of course, what I was looking for and what our committee was look-ing for. How are you going to handle these kids? Who is responsible for them? What is the handoff? Who is ac-countable? That was supposed to be due in Feb-ruary of 2017. Today is June 2018. That operations agreement between the agencies is still not completed. They missed their own deadline by about a year and a half. They have promised, by the way, based on a hearing we re-cently had with HHS, to complete this agreement and to get it to us—this joint concept of operations—by July 30. We are expecting it within 4 or 5 weeks. We are very much looking forward to that. This was based on a hearing we had in April of this year. We called DHS and HHS back again to explain what is going on and why we hadn’t seen an agreement, despite virtually every cou-ple of weeks telling us: It is coming. It is coming. We wanted to hear how they would work better together to ensure that these kids were placed in safe environ-ments and be sure they were following up with these children to ensure that the kids actually went to their immi-gration court proceedings. It is not just about ensuring that they are not abused and trafficked. Ev-eryone, of course, agrees with that. Ev-eryone should also agree that they ought to go to their court hearing and make sure the system works. We made some progress since that 2016 hearing. For example, under the Trump administration, HHS started making telephone calls to follow up, which I think is a good idea. These were 30-day wellness check telephone calls after they placed an unaccom-panied minor with a sponsor. HHS testified at our April hearing that from October to December of last year, they had the data now on the calls they had made. These are the 30- day calls they were making after these kids go out with their sponsors. Those calls revealed that about 1,500 children were unaccounted for. In other words, they placed a call, talked to the spon-sor, and said: How is this child doing? The sponsor wasn’t responsive. They either said: We don’t know how the child is doing; or they couldn’t find the sponsor, or they couldn’t find the child. In some cases, the child had actually run away. There were 1,500 kids unaccounted for. It doesn’t mean they are not with a family somewhere. It doesn’t mean they are going to their court case, but they couldn’t find these kids. That is unacceptable. They are now working on a bipartisan basis—Republicans and Democrats alike—with new legislation that will be informed by this concept of operations, which we hope to have in the next several weeks. That will lay out how we ought to treat unaccom-panied minors and hold someone ac-countable—particularly, HHS, who has children in their custody, and prior to that, DHS, or the Department of Home-land Security—to ensure that these sorts of instances will not happen again and make sure that we know where these kids are. There are lots of experiences. Think about your home State and the foster care system, which is probably over-burdened right now because of the opioid crisis, but you have a foster care system where foster parents are actu-ally screened. Part of our legislation, by the way, is to tell the States where the kids are so the States can play a role in this as well. What this all highlights is the fact that the Federal Government is not doing nearly enough to protect unac-companied minors from trafficking and other forms of abuse and not doing enough to ensure that they get to their court date. Right? We have a system, and we have these kids in the system. I don’t care what your views are on immigration policy. It doesn’t matter whether you believe that we should have a much more se-cure border and a wall or whether you believe that there ought to be more of an open border and a catch-and-release system. Nobody should want to have these kids treated like this. Everyone should want to ensure that these kids are cared for properly and get to their court date and ensure that we don’t have the kinds of tragic instances we had in my home State of Ohio. I also think it is important not to conflate these two issues together—the unaccompanied kids and the 1,500 who were unaccounted for and what has happened over the last several weeks at the border with separating families from children. We are talking about kids who come unaccompanied. Unfortunately, a lot of people have conflated, too. There was a New York Times story about the fact that 1,500 kids have gone missing, and somehow that got conflated with a lot of folks online and some folks even in the Chamber, with this notion that this is about the separation policy and the zero tolerance policy. It is not. It is something different. What it says to me is, let’s not add more children to a system that is not working. In other words, as I said earlier, at the start, we don’t have the infrastruc-ture in place to deal with it. It is one reason I felt strongly that separating kids from their families was not only the wrong thing to do in terms of a moral policy but also in terms of our government’s ability to handle it. Even if there were a situation in which it was important to get this kid away from a family because maybe there was a sign of abuse or maybe the kid was being trafficked, we have to have a bet-ter system in place to deal with these children who are unaccompanied or with others who end up in the system. What had happened under the so- called zero tolerance policy over the last 6 weeks was that adults who had illegally crossed the border had been arrested and put in detention facilities. Under what is called the Flores settle-ment agreement, from a 1997 court de-cision, if the adults had been traveling with children, those children would have had to have been placed in what the court had said was the least re-strictive setting possible, and it would not have allowed them to often stay with their moms or dads in detention. That has been one of the arguments the Trump administration has been making with the zero tolerance policy and the parents’ having gone into the criminal justice system. With their having gone into that kind of deten-tion, the kids could not have gone with them because of this court decision. It is an issue, there is no question about it. It is the primary reason, they are saying, they put about 2,000 chil-dren into the care of HHS and DHS and essentially turned them into unaccom-panied minors. Again, they put them into a system that, in my view, isn’t working. What we have seen over the past 2 years is that DHS and HHS have just not been adequately prepared to keep track of these kids and ensure that they are being placed in safe envi-ronments and getting to their court hearings. As soon as I understood what was going on with separating families, I spoke out and said that this is bad, that we cannot allow this to happen for both reasons—it is not the moral thing to do, and we don’t have the infrastruc-ture. On Tuesday, I sent a letter to Attor-ney General Jeff Sessions and called on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.033 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4333 June 21, 2018 
him to stop this practice of separating kids from their families, to give it a pause, so that we can have the oppor-tunity to look at this issue and develop the right legislation, which we have now introduced. This letter, by the way, was led by my colleague, Senator O
RRIN HATCH , and was signed by 11 of our colleagues. Again, I commend the administration for the Executive order yesterday that keeps families together who have been apprehended at the border. That is a positive first step, but we have to go even further. Because of this Flores de-cision we talked about earlier, which is, again, a settlement agreement that was made back in 1997, Congress is going to have to step in as well. I think it is likely that the Executive order will be in litigation immediately be-cause of the Flores decision. The legislative solution that Con-gress enacts needs to address the Flo-res settlement agreement as it applies to children who arrive with their par-ents. In those cases, the settlement agreement currently requires that these children be separated from their families and be kept in the least re-strictive setting possible instead of staying with their families if their families are in detention. The legislation we introduced yester-day, called Keep Families Together and Enforce the Law Act, has almost a third of the Senate signing on. It will provide that long-term solution to keep families together and expedite these immigration cases. Unlike other proposals which would, in my view, incentivize more illegal immigration by essentially codifying past practices by which people were ap-prehended but then released into the community, this legislation will actu-ally solve the problem by keeping fam-ilies together while ensuring the integ-rity of our immigration laws. Among other things, it will override the Flores settlement agreement to ensure that families will be kept together during their immigration enforcement pro-ceedings. Importantly, to me, it will also expedite these proceedings. This is one of the problems that I have seen in the immigration system. We have so many cases—there is such a backlog and so much time required to get to a decision—that it creates a lot more problems in terms of, what do you do with folks who come across the border? This will expedite and prioritize these family cases. It will also provide lots more immi-gration judges. To get a decision on these people, you need to have more immigration judges and a better proc-ess. More money, frankly, is going to be needed—increased resources—to be sure that infrastructure is in place to deal with this issue as quickly as pos-sible and to get an appropriate decision as to whether the person stays or leaves. I hope more of my colleagues will sign on to this legislation. I hope they will do it on a bipartisan basis. I think the Keep Families Together and En-force the Law Act is the right position that finds that common ground be-tween all of us here on the floor who believe we ought to uphold our immi-gration laws but also think that fami-lies need to stay together, that we need to have a compassionate approach to this. There is a consensus now on not sepa-rating families—that is good—but there is also a consensus that we need an immigration system that works. So let’s come together in both Chambers. Let’s do the hard work. Let’s get this done. Of course, we need to do broader immigration reform, as well, but this issue is staring us in the face. Let’s keep families together. Let’s provide for an immigration system that works over the long term, that provides com-passionate care for those kids, that is in line with our country’s values and enforces the laws of our country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture mo-tions on the substitute amendment No. 2910 and the bill be withdrawn. I fur-ther ask that the managers’ package, which is at the desk and has been cleared by both sides, be agreed to, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, amend-ment No. 2911 be agreed to, the sub-stitute amendment No. 2910, as amend-ed, be agreed to; finally, that at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, June 25, the bill be read a third time, and the Senate vote on passage of H.R. 5895, as amended. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments (Nos. 2915, 2986, 3048, 2999, 3054, 2978, 3059, 2980, 2996, 3042, 2961, 2963, 2997, 2939, 3068, 2953, 3053, 3051, 3057, 3056, 2949, 2960, 2924, 2925, 2934, 3013, 3050, 2992, 2955, 3032, 3066, 2957, and 3038) were agreed to, as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2915 (Purpose: To make a technical correction) On page 38, line 10, strike ‘‘$89,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$89,372,000’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2986 (Purpose: To clarify coal to carbon fiber research and development expenditures) On page 24, line 16, insert ‘‘That using funds made available under this heading, the Secretary of Energy shall continue to carry out external Department of Energy activi-ties for advanced coal processing research and development, including by advancing early stage research for converting coal pitch and coal to carbon fiber and other value-added products for alternative uses of coal: Provided further,’’ before ‘‘That of such amount’’. AMENDMENT NO . 3048 (Purpose: To reauthorize Colorado River System pilot projects) At the end of title II of division A, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) Section 206(c)(2) of the En-ergy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking ‘‘2018.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘2022: Provided, That the Secretary shall not fund pilot projects in the Upper Colorado River Basin without the participation of the Upper Colorado River Division States, acting through the Upper Colorado River Commis-sion.’’. (b) Section 9504(e) of the Secure Water Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘$450,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$480,000,000’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2999 (Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds for certain releases or discharges of water from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary or the Indian River Lagoon) At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 106. None of the funds made available by this title may be used by the Corps of En-gineers to conduct a release or discharge of water from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary or the Indian River Lagoon unless the discharge or release— (1) is conducted in pulses to minimize downstream impacts from reduced water quality and harmful algal blooms to local communities and wildlife habitat; or (2) is necessary— (A) to protect the integrity of the Herbert Hoover Dike; and (B) to minimize threats to lives and human health in the communities surrounding Lake Okeechobee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3054 (Purpose: To ensure the use of certain funds for projects relating to deep-draft naviga-tion) On page 2, line 12, of the amendment, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘of which not less than $100,000,000 shall be used for projects relating to deep-draft naviga-tion.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2978 (Purpose: To provide funding for water in-frastructure projects.) 
(The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of June 19, 2018, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 3059 (Purpose: To include certain provisions re-lating to Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission hydroelectric projects.) 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 2980 (Purpose: To clarify certain cost-sharing re-quirements applicable to awards from the Energy Technology Commercialization Fund) At the end of title III, add the following: S
EC. 3llll. In making awards from the Energy Technology Commercialization Fund established under section 1001(e) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391(e)), the requirements for matching funds shall be determined by the Secretary of Energy in ac-cordance with section 988 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 16352). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.036 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4334 June 21, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 2996 (Purpose: To provide that funds made avail-able for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Energy shall be used to fully meet certain data transparency re-quirements) On page 31, line 16, insert ‘‘: Provided, That of such amount, such amounts as are nec-essary shall be available to ensure that the Office of the Inspector General fully meets the requirements of the Federal Funding Ac-countability and Transparency Act of 2006 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note; Public Law 109–292)’’ be-fore the period. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3042 (Purpose: To include a provision relating to transfers from the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund) At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 30lll. Pursuant to section 1807 of the Grand Canyon Protection Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4672), section 3(d)(1) of Public Law 106–392 (114 Stat. 1604), section 601(b) of the Colorado River Basin Project Act (43 U.S.C. 1551(b)), and section 15 of the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620n) of the offsetting collec-tions in the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund of the Western Area Power Administra-tion for repayment of capital costs, $23,000,000 may be transferred to the Upper Colorado Basin Fund. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2961 (Purpose: To extend the authorization for the Fort Peck Rural Water System) At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. Section 9 of the Fort Peck Res-ervation Rural Water System Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–382; 114 Stat. 1457, 123 Stat. 2856, 128 Stat. 164) is amended by striking ‘‘2020’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(1) and (b) and inserting ‘‘2026’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2963 (Purpose: To set aside funds for the Regional Test Centers for Solar Technologies of the Department of Energy) On page 22, line 25, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, $4,050,000 shall be made available for the Photovoltaic Regional Test Centers for Solar Technologies of the Department of Energy to ensure the continued operation of each Re-gional Test Center for Solar Technologies of the Department of Energy, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2997 (Purpose: To support the development and deployment of high-efficiency linear gener-ator power plant technology) On page 22, line 25, strike ‘‘direction.’’ and insert ‘‘direction: Provided further, That of such amount, not less than $1,000,000 shall be used to support the development and deploy-ment of high-efficiency linear generator power plant technology, which, for purposes of stationary electric power production, is equivalent to fuel cell power plant tech-nology.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2939 (Purpose: To require a report on Corps of En-gineers activities relating to inland and coastal projects) At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a re-port that— (1) describes the history of Corps of Engi-neers funding requests and actual appropria-tions for the last 10 fiscal years preceding the date of enactment of this Act for the flood and coastal storm damage reduction business line, including a list of all requests for coastal and inland investigations, con-struction, and operation and maintenance; (2) provides a definition for the terms ‘‘coastal project’’ and ‘‘inland project’’ that the Corps of Engineers uses with respect to those projects under the flood and coastal storm damage reduction business line; (3) provides an analysis of the changes in the comparative funding for coastal projects and inland projects under that business line; (4) provides an explanation for the discrep-ancy in funding between coastal projects and inland projects under that business line; and (5) includes recommendations on ways to correct the discrepancy described in para-graph (4). AMENDMENT NO . 3068 (Purpose: To express the sense of the Senate that certain Corps of Engineers projects should receive consideration for additional funding) At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) ongoing construction of projects that principally benefit urban areas, including rainfall drainage systems that address flood damages, should receive consideration for additional funding; (2) any additional funding described in paragraph (1) is in addition to the budget re-quest submitted to Congress by the Presi-dent; and (3) the projects described in paragraph (1) should not be excluded from consideration for being inconsistent with the policy of the administration. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2953 (Purpose: To provide adequate funds for the Surplus Books Program of the Library of Congress) On page 85, line 18, insert ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, $250,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Surplus Books Program to promote the program and facilitate a greater number of donations to eligible entities across the United States’’ before the period. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3053 (Purpose: To provide funds to reduce or eliminate the use of plastic straws in fa-cilities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol) On page 79, line 22, insert ‘‘, and not more than $5,000 that shall be used by the Archi-tect of the Capitol to work with contractors to eliminate or reduce the use of plastic straws in facilities of the legislative branch that are under the care of the Architect of the Capitol’’ before ‘‘; for’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3051 (Purpose: To appropriate funds for the Veterans History Project) On page 85, line 18, insert ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, $2,383,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Veterans History Project to continue digitization efforts of already col-lected materials, reach a greater number of veterans to record their stories, and promote public access to the Project’’ before the pe-riod at the end. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3057 (Purpose: To require that funds made avail-able for the Congressional Budget Office be used to improve the tranparency of scoring and the availability and replicability of models, economic assumptions, and data to Members of Congress) On page 79, line 7, insert ‘‘: Provided, that the Director shall use not less than $500,000 of the amount made available under this heading for (1) improving technical systems, processes, and models for the purpose of im-proving the transparency of estimates of budgetary effects to Members of Congress, employees of Members of Congress, and the public, and (2) to increase the availability of models, economic assumptions, and data for Members of Congress, employees of Members of Congress, and the public’’ before the pe-riod. AMENDMENT NO . 3056 (Purpose: To protect programs for homeless veterans) At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer funds made available for the following programs: (1) The Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem program. (2) The Domiciliary Care for Homeless Vet-erans program. (3) The Supportive Services for Veteran Families program. (4) The Department of Housing and Urban Development Department of Veterans Af-fairs Supported Housing (HUD–VASH) pro-grams. (5) The Health Care for Homeless Veterans program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2949 (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to Congress a re-port on the program of support services for caregivers of veterans of the Department of Veterans Affairs) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. REPORT ON CAREGIVER SUPPORT PROGRAM. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that contains— (1) the number of coordinators of caregiver support services under the program of sup-port services for caregivers of veterans under section 1720G(b) of title 38, United States Code, at each medical center of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; (2) the number of staff assigned to appeals for such program at each such medical cen-ter; and (3) a determination by the Secretary of the appropriate staff-to-participant ratio for such program. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2960 (Purpose: To direct the Secretaryof Veterans Affairs to establish within the Department of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditiona relating to exposureto burn pits) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EX-CELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAG-NOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO EXPO-SURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER EN-VIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.037 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4335 June 21, 2018 
‘‘§ 7330D. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a cen-ter of excellence in the prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the responsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the cen-ter of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the De-partment in effect as of the date of the en-actment of this section; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comp-troller General of the United States and In-spector General of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense under section 313 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider entities that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equipment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing in-formation relating to post-deployment health exposures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Free-dom; ‘‘(3) have access to animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury consistent with the injuries of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who served in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Oper-ation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(4) have expertise in allergy, immu-nology, and pulmonary diseases. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collabo-rates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher education, and other appropriate public and private entities (including inter-national entities) to carry out the respon-sibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of ex-cellence shall have the following responsibil-ities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, test-ing, and dissemination within the Depart-ment of best practices for the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel re-quired to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health pro-fessionals of the Department and the Depart-ment of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term ef-fects of exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facili-ties of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures for the purposes of understanding the etiology of such condi-tions and developing preventive interven-tions and new treatments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to vet-erans diagnosed with medical conditions spe-cific to exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(e) USE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under sub-section (d), the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of the data ac-cumulated by the burn pits registry estab-lished under section 201 of the Dignified Bur-ial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improve-ment Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall carry out this section using amounts appropriated to the Department for such purpose. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of De-fense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially man-ufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental expo-sures’ means exposure to environmental haz-ards, including burn pits, dust or sand, haz-ardous materials, and waste at any site in Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke con-taining pollutants present in the environ-ment or smoke from fires or explosions.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330C the following new item: ‘‘7330D. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treat-ment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2924 (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to submit to Congress a plan to avoid clinicial mistakes by employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs that result in adverse events that require cer-tain disclosures) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PLAN TO AVOID CLINICAL MISTAKES BY EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS THAT RESULT IN ADVERSE EVENTS THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN DISCLOSURES. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a plan to reduce the chances that clin-ical mistakes by employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs will result in ad-verse events that require institutional or clinical disclosures and to prevent any un-necessary hardship for patients and families impacted by such adverse events. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of a process for the timely identification of individuals impacted by dis-closures described in subsection (a) and the process for contacting those individuals or their next of kin. (2) A description of procedures for expe-diting any remedial or follow-up care re-quired for those individuals. (3) A detailed outline of proposed changes to the process of the Department for clinical quality checks and oversight. (4) A communication plan to ensure all fa-cilities of the Department are made aware of any requirements updated pursuant to the plan. (5) A timeline detailing the implementa-tion of the plan. (6) An identification of the senior execu-tive of the Department responsible for ensur-ing compliance with the plan. (7) An identification of potential impacts of the plan on timely diagnoses for patients. (8) An identification of the processes and procedures for employees of the Department to make leadership at the facility and the Department aware of adverse events that are concerning and that result in disclosures and to ensure that the medical impact on vet-erans of such disclosures is minimized. (c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate; and (2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2925 (Purpose: To make a technical correction to title III of division C) On page 168, line 17, strike ‘‘$15,000’’ and in-sert ‘‘$42,000’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2934 (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to develop a means to track and monitor information on debts of per-sons to the United States by virtue of the persons’ participation in a benefits pro-gram administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, including because of an overpayment by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs) At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. TRACKING AND MONITORING INFOR-MATION ABOUT DEBTS TO UNITED STATES INCURRED FROM OVERPAY-MENT BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS OR FOR OTHER REASONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall de-velop a means to track and monitor informa-tion on— (1) the age and amount of debts of persons to the United States by virtue of the persons’ participation in a benefits program adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; (2) whether such debts may be the result of delays in Department of Veterans Affairs processing of changes to beneficiary status or other actions of the Department; and (3) whether such debts are disputed by such persons. (b) R
EPORT .—The Department should also be required to submit a report to congress no later than 90 days after development of the tracking means (so, 270 days after enact-ment). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3013 (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to publish the quality rating of each nursing home of the Department of Veterans Affairs) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.036 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4336 June 21, 2018 
SEC. 2ll. PUBLICATION OF QUALITY RATING OF NURSING HOMES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and publish in the Federal Register and on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs the rating assigned by the Department to each nursing home of the Department with re-spect to quality of care, including all inter-nal metrics and criteria used in determining such rating. (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3050 (Purpose: To require the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs to con-duct an investigation of all nursing homes of the Department of Veterans Affairs with an overall one-star rating as determined by the rating system of the Department) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. The Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall con-duct an investigation of all nursing homes of the Department of Veterans Affairs that had an overall one-star rating within the two full calendar years prior to the year of enact-ment, as determined by the rating system of the Department. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2992 (Purpose: To prohibit the use of funds made available under this Act in a manner that would increase wait times for veterans who seek care at medical facilities of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able in this Act may be used in a manner that would increase wait times for veterans who seek care at medical facilities of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2955 (Purpose: To prevent the use of funds made available by this Act to modernize or re-align facilities of the Veterans Health Ad-ministration in States in which the De-partment does not operate a full-service medical facility unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs certifies to Congress that such modernization or realignment will not result in a disruption or reduction of services for veterans) At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for the moderniza-tion or realignment of facilities of the Vet-erans Health Administration in States in which the Department does not operate a full-service medical facility pursuant to rec-ommendations by the Asset and Infrastruc-ture Review Commission under the VA Asset and Infrastructure Review Act of 2018 (sub-title A of title II of Public Law 115–182) until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Commission a report certifying that such modernization or realignment will not result in a disruption or reduction of services for veterans residing in those States. AMENDMENT NO . 3032 (Purpose: To limit the conversion of funds for the Department of Veterans Affairs program to improve retention of housing by formerly homeless veterans and vet-erans at risk of becoming homeless) At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF FUNDS FOR PROGRAM TO IMPROVE RETENTION OF HOUSING BY FOR-MERLY HOMELESS VETERANS AND VETERANS AT RISK OF BECOMING HOMELESS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not convert any of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in a fiscal year to carry out section 2013 of title 38, United States Code, from a specific purpose program to a general purpose program unless the Sec-retary included a proposal to do so in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Veterans Affairs budget for such fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent for such fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3066 (Purpose: To express the sense of Congress relating to the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan) At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) Congress finds that— (1) the restoration of the Everglades, as de-scribed in the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan authorized by title VI of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2680) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Plan’’), is the most ambitious environmental restora-tion program in history; (2) the overarching objectives of the Plan are the restoration, preservation, and protec-tion of the south Florida ecosystem, while providing for other water-related needs of the region, including water supply and flood protection; (3) the Plan should continue to be imple-mented as authorized— (A) to ensure— (i) the protection of water quality in the south Florida ecosystem; (ii) the reduction of the loss of fresh water from the south Florida ecosystem; and (iii) the improvement of the environment of the south Florida ecosystem; and (B) to achieve and maintain the benefits to the natural system and human environment described in the Plan; and (4) the equal partnership between the Fed-eral Government and the State of Florida re-mains essential to accomplishing the objec-tives of the Plan. (b) It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the discharge of excess water by the Corps of Engineers from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary and the Indian River Lagoon represents a significant loss of fresh water from the South Florida eco-system; (2) the diversion of those Lake Okeechobee discharges to Plan projects or features like the Everglades Agricultural Area Storage Reservoir, designed to store and treat water prior to release into the Central Everglades, is an essential source of fresh water for meeting the objectives of the Plan; and (3) the Plan authorizes a 50/50 Federal- State cost share for all aspects of congres-sionally authorized restoration projects, in-cluding water quality project features or components. AMENDMENT NO . 2957 (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Energy to conduct a study on the potential for natural gas demand response across energy sectors and geographic regions) At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3. (a) The Secretary of Energy (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study on the potential for natural gas demand response across energy sectors and geographic regions. (b) Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of study conducted under subsection (a), includ-ing— (1) a description and quantification of— (A) potential natural gas and energy sav-ings and load shifting; and (B) the costs and benefits associated with those savings, including avoided energy costs, reduced market price volatility, im-proved electric and gas system reliability, deferred or avoided pipeline or utility capital investment, and air emissions reductions; (2) an identification of geographic areas that would benefit most from implementing demand response measures for natural gas infrastructure; and (3) a description of— (A) existing and emerging technologies that can be used for demand response in the natural gas sector; and (B) best practices for developing a strategy for deployment of those technologies in the natural gas sector. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3038 (Purpose: To require a report on cell site simulators detected near facilities of the Department of Defense) At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON CELL SITE SIMULATORS DETECTED NEAR FACILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a full accounting of cell site simulators detected near facilities of the Department of Defense during the three year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act and the ac-tions taken by the Secretary to protect per-sonnel of the Department, their families, and facilities of the Department from foreign powers using such technology to conduct surveillance. 
The amendment (No. 2911) was agreed to. The amendment (No. 2910) in the na-ture of a substitute, as amended, was agreed to. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order to move to proceed to H.R. 2, the farm bill, during today’s session of the Senate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.R. 2 and send a cloture motion to the desk for the mo-tion to proceed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:32 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.066 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4337 June 21, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 483, H.R. 2, an act to provide for the reform and continu-ation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fis-cal year 2023, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Deb Fischer, Mike Rounds, John Barrasso, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, Shelley Moore Capito, Steve Daines, John Boozman, Orrin G. Hatch, Thom Tillis, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Richard Burr, Cindy Hyde-Smith, Pat Roberts. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: PN1641. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Jean Carol Hovland, of South Dakota, to be Commissioner of the Administration for Native Ameri-cans, Department of Health and Human Services. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments related to this nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Hovland nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
TRIBUTE TO WENDELL LAWRENCE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to recog-nize Wendell Lawrence, of Elizabeth-town, KY, who will be retiring from his role as the executive director of the Lincoln Trail Area Development Dis-trict, LTADD, on August 1. After 35 years of service, including more than two decades as the executive director, Wendell leaves a lasting impact on his community and has helped the organi-zation fulfill its mission. Comprised of eight counties—Breck-inridge, Grayson, Hardin, Larue, Mar-ion, Meade, Nelson, and Washington— the LTADD was formed in 1968 to foster regional strategies and partnerships to benefit the citizens of the Common-wealth. Kentucky was the first in the Nation to establish a statewide system of regional development organizations. This region is an important part of Kentucky’s economy and culture. It is the home of both the Abraham Lincoln National Historical Park and Fort Knox, a vital U.S. Army installation and the site of the U.S. Bullion Deposi-tory. Comprised of small businesses, heritage sites, and agricultural cen-ters, the Lincoln Trail is a rich part of both our Commonwealth’s history and its future. Under Wendell’s leadership, the LTADD has helped communities and organizations secure grants and re-sources to help the area continue to thrive. During his time leading the district, Wendell has helped establish a number of partnerships to increase the region’s competitiveness and benefit its work-ers. With organizations like OneKnox and WIRED65, the region has leveraged unique geographical and commercial resources to help it flourish. Wendell also worked closely with Fort Knox to expand the installation’s potential and to assist Fort Knox area military per-sonnel transitioning out of service into the workforce through his role as the former advisory board chairman of Where Opportunity Knox. Although the region has changed and developed dur-ing his tenure, Wendell’s diligent lead-ership of the LTADD has set the area and many of its award-winning munici-palities on a pathway to a bright fu-ture. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the LTADD. At a recent event to commemorate, its half century of ex-cellence, the members showed their gratitude to Wendell by surprising him with their Lifetime Achievement Award. Wendell’s dedicated service to the district throughout his impressive career has endeared him to so many in this area. In addition to his passionate work in the Lincoln Trial area, Wendell also used his talents for the good of Ken-tucky and other causes close to his heart. As a previous chairman of the Kentucky Association of District Di-rectors, he helped encourage economic growth throughout the Common-wealth. A retired captain in the U.S. Army Reserve with 23 years of Active and Reserve service, he is also pas-sionate about our Nation’s military and is a life member of the Reserve Of-ficers Association and former member of the board of directors of the George S. Patton Museum and Center of Lead-ership at Fort Knox. On a personal note, I have always en-joyed working with Wendell on behalf of the people of Kentucky. His decades of leadership have produced tangible benefits for the Lincoln Trail area, which will continue to be felt for years to come. In addition, his daughter Amanda is a constituent caseworker in my Louisville office. It is clear that a commitment to helping Kentuckians runs in the family. When Wendell retires later this year, he will begin a new chapter in his life. Whatever his next adventure may hold in store, I am confident that with the support of his wife, Jackie, and their children, Amanda, Thomas, and Mere-dith, he will continue to find success. I would like to join the people of Kentucky and the staff of the Lincoln Trail Area Development District in thanking Wendell for his years of achievement and wishing him well in the future. I urge my Senate colleagues to join me. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JORGE RAMIREZ Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to take a few minutes to thank Jorge Ramirez for his extraordinary service to the city of Chicago. Earlier this year, Jorge announced that after 12 years at the Chicago Federation of Labor—8 as president—that he will be retiring at the end of the month. Jorge’s story is the story of the American Dream. The son of Mexican immigrants, Jorge Ramirez attended high school in Texas and was a 4-year letterman in football at the University of Texas El Paso, where he earned a double major in marketing and com-puter information systems. In 2006, Jorge joined the Chicago Federation of Labor as its secretary-treasurer and, four years later, became its first Latino president. Jorge Ramirez is a trailblazer, but anyone who knows his father, Ruben, a Chicagoland legend, wouldn’t be sur-prised. Ruben was the Ramirez’s family original Labor leader, spending four decades as a member, officer, and in 1993 becoming the first and only Latino president for United Food and Commer-cial Workers Union Local 100A, Chi-cago’s meatpacking union. You could say organized Labor is in Jorge’s blood. Jorge watched his father closely and learned important values and prin-ciples that would serve him well throughout his career. As president, Ruben made sure the leadership of Local 100A mirrored the members they served by including women and men of all backgrounds on the Union’s execu-tive board. Inclusivity and respect for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.038 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4338 June 21, 2018 
all people became an ideal Ruben and his wife, Sarah, later instilled in their children. Just ask Jorge’s fellow Labor leaders, the people who know him best: ‘‘For Jorge, every day is a another chance for him to fight for dignity and respect for workers and nothing will ever stop him from doing what is right and just.’’ That is a legacy I know Ruben and Sarah are proud of. Under Jorge Ramirez’s leadership, the Chicago Federation of Labor helped the city avoid massive layoffs, pushed an $8.5 billion plan through, city coun-cil, expanding O’Hare Airport and cre-ating 60,000 new jobs. He partnered with the mayor to guarantee O’Hare employees a living wage and paid sick leave. Jorge’s efforts on behalf of Chi-cago’s working women and men also re-sulted in raising the minimum wage to $13 an hour by 2019. Last summer, Jorge led a labor in-vestment group that bought the Chi-cago Sun-Times, breathing new life into the paper, returning it to its roots, and giving working families a voice. Jorge believes a paper for and by these families is fitting in Chicago, home of the American labor movement and the place that gave us the iconic Studs Terkel and Upton Sinclair’s classic, ‘‘The Jungle.’’ Thank you, Jorge, for helping save the Sun-Times, one of Chicago’s beloved institutions, and pre-serving one of the last two-newspaper cities in America. Last month, after announcing his in-tention to step down, one of Chicago’s union leaders gave what Jorge called the ultimate compliment, telling him he had left the Chicago Federation of Labor ‘‘in a condition that’s better than what [he] found it in.’’ Jorge Ra-mirez will be missed, but his fellow Labor leaders are right. He is leaving the Chicago Federation of Labor stronger than ever and in the capable hands of its secretary-treasurer, Rob-ert Reiter. Fortunately for Chicago, Jorge isn’t going far. He will remain as the Chi-cago Sun-Times board chairman and plans to stay for as long as they will have him. They would be wise to keep him at the helm for as long as he would like. Jorge Ramirez has earned it. I want to close by congratulating Jorge Ramirez on his distinguished ca-reer and thank him for all he has done and all he will continue to do, but for all his professional accomplishments, Jorge’s biggest achievement is his fam-ily. A father of four young boys— Marino, John Paul, Antonio, and Santino—Jorge has sacrificed time with them to make things better for countless men, women, and less fortu-nate children across our dear city. Lastly, I need to thank his wonderful wife, Catrina, for sharing so much of Jorge’s time with the city of Chicago. Chicago is grateful for all of their serv-ice and sacrifice. Now, as they enter the next chapter in their life, I want to wish my friend Jorge and his beautiful family all the best. COUNTERING AMERICA’S ADVER-SARIES THROUGH SANCTIONS ACT Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I would like to raise concerns about efforts to erode the effectiveness of the Countering America’s Adver-saries Through Sanctions Act, or CAATSA. This law requires the admin-istration to impose a host of costs on the government of the Russian Federa-tion for its interference in democratic processes around the world, its support for the brutal regime of Bashar Al- Assad, and its active role in desta-bilizing Ukraine. Ninety-eight Sen-ators voted in favor of this legislation and should expect the administration to fully implement it. Of particular concern to me today is section 231, which requires the imposi-tion of sanctions on those who conduct significant transactions with specific entities in the Russian defense and in-telligence sectors. We targeted those sectors because our intelligence com-munity deemed them responsible for the attack on our election in 2016. The law is meant to cut financial income for these sectors. Using the model implemented in the CISADA sanctions regime on Iran, sec-tion 231 includes a provision to delay sanctions if the individual in question can show that they are substantially reducing significant transactions from these Russian entities. This model was extremely effective in diminishing the volume of energy products that Iran was able to sell to the rest of the world and ultimately helped to drive them to the negotiating table. This model al-lows for some flexibility while main-taining appropriate pressure to wind down business with these sectors in Russia. It can work if we allow it to. The State Department reports that the law is actually already having an impact. Billions of dollars’ worth of deals around the world with the Rus-sian defense sector have been turned off due to leverage created by this law. That means billions of dollars less for Russia to interfere in elections and sow discord in democratic societies, bil-lions of dollars less to support war crimes in Syria, billions of dollars less to kill Ukrainians and violate the sov-ereignty of that country. If the admin-istration fully allows the law to work, the Russian Government will have less money for all of these things. The leverage CAATSA provides is critically necessary. In Turkey, this le-verage is vital in our efforts to ensure that the Erdogan government does not purchase the Russian S400 air defense system. Such a purchase would be a win for Putin in a strategically impor-tant part of the world and could pose a security and intelligence threat to U.S. and NATO personnel and equipment al-ready in the country. CAATSA gives our negotiators an important tool which we hope can leverage the right policy decisions in Ankara. Over the course of the debate on the NDAA, voices in the administration want to weaken section 231 and have called for blanket waiver authority. I opposed these efforts, not because I want sanctions on our close friends who continue to do business with Rus-sian defense sector, but because such a move would gut CAATSA and render this key provision of the law toothless. We need to remain true to the prin-ciples laid out in in the law. Either we want to increasingly maintain pressure on the Russian defense and intelligence sectors—or we don’t. Either we want to send a strong message to the Kremlin that interfering in our elections and those of our allies is unacceptable—or we don’t. Either we want to defend our democracy—or we don’t. No one wants to impose sanctions on our close friends, especially as defense relationships with those countries are improving. We should continue build-ing on the positive momentum around our defense cooperation with several countries around the world. It is pre-cisely for this reason that countries should begin to make a choice. Either they want a strong and growing defense partnership with the United States—or they don’t. Either they want access to the best defense technology that the U.S. has to offer—or they don’t. Either they believe that standing up for demo-cratic institutions matters—or they don’t. The choice seems pretty clear to me. We built flexibility into CAATSA that allows them to avoid sanctions if they can show a substantial reduction in purchases over time. I would also stress to my colleagues here: CAATSA is the only significant bipartisan piece of foreign policy legis-lation passed since Donald Trump came into office. We should be proud of this brief moment of bipartisanship in sup-port of our collective national security. Our responsibility did not end with one vote. Stringent oversight matters now more than ever. Will you stand by the law or buckle to attempts by the ad-ministration to fundamentally weaken it? A central challenge in the adminis-tration’s implementation of section 231 is its refusal to make formal deter-minations that individuals have in fact conducted significant transactions with specific Russian Federation enti-ties. Without such a baseline of infor-mation, it is impossible to determine whether individuals are substantially reducing significant transactions with the Russian defense and intelligence sectors. I sought to remedy this short-coming with an amendment to the NDAA which would require the admin-istration to regularly report on wheth-er such transactions have taken place. While the amendment did not make it into the bill, I will continue to urge such reporting moving forward and more transparency from the adminis-tration on how this law is being imple-mented. I want to acknowledge the work of those at the State and Treasury De-partments, especially the Office of For-eign Assets Control, who have done the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.052 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4339 June 21, 2018 
hard work of preparing sanctions pack-ages related to the executive orders and the Magnitsky laws. More than 200 designations of Russian entities and in-dividuals have been made, constraining their ability to carry out a Kremlin agenda of aggression around the globe. I want to acknowledge the leadership of people like Assistant Secretary of State Wess Mitchell in working to ad-vance a realistic policy with respect to President Putin’s actions and inten-tions. There is no denying that our government is populated with career civil servants and some political ap-pointees who are clear-eyed about the threat posed by the Kremlin and are working every day to counter it. I just wish that our President had their back. Time and again, this President in-sists on making statements that serve to hinder the good work done by our diplomats and civil servants. He insisted that Russia rejoin the G7 though Moscow has done nothing to remedy the reason for its suspension in the first place: the invasion of Ukraine and illegal occupation of Crimea. He insisted that most people in Cri-mea speak Russian so therefore want to be part of Russia. This is wrong and an insult to thousands of dead Ukrain-ians and their families. He insisted on trashing our oldest al-lies while seeking to curry favor with Putin. Given the scale and nature of this threat, we need a fully aligned policy apparatus where the President and bu-reaucracy are on the same page. With this President, I am not sure that can be achieved, but it is incumbent upon us, in this oversight body, Republican and Democrat, to indeed insist that the President end his irrational affection for the Kremlin. He must finally mar-shal all the resources of our govern-ment to address this threat to our se-curity and to our democracy. It starts with the NATO summit next month. The President must be rock solid in his commitment to article 5 of the alliance charter. He should be firm about allies meeting their commitment of 2 percent of GDP to defense, but not allow that issue to crowd out a real conversation and coordination on ad-dressing the threat posed by Russia. Our allies take this threat seriously and want a President, in the tradition of Kennedy and Reagan, who will show leadership and clarity of purpose at a NATO summit. The President should use the summit to build common cause on sanctions with those members of the EU present at the meeting. Specifi-cally, he should work with Europe to impose cyber sanctions on Russian ac-tors who threaten our democracies. In closing, despite some progress in designating some key Russian actors, I remain concerned that seven manda-tory provisions of CAATSA have not been implemented. This is simply un-acceptable. Secretary Pompeo com-mitted during a recent Foreign Rela-tions Committee hearing that he would pursue the mandatory provisions under the law. To make sure everyone is on the same page, let me run through the mandatory provisions that have not been implemented under CAATSA au-thorities: section 225, mandatory sanc-tions related to special Russian crude oil products; section 226, mandatory sanctions with respect to Russian and other foreign financial institutions; section 227, mandatory imposition of sanctions with respect to significant corruption in the Russian Federation; section 228, mandatory sanctions with respect to certain transactions with foreign sanctions evaders and serious human rights abusers in the Russian Federation; section 231, mandatory sanctions with respect to persons en-gaging in transactions with the intel-ligence and defense sectors of the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation; section 233, mandatory sanctions with respect to investment in or facilitation of privatization of state-owned assets by the Russian Federation; and section 234, mandatory sanctions with respect to the transfer of arms and related ma-teriel to Syria. I again implore the administration to follow the law and impose these sanc-tions with urgency. Let us recapture the bipartisan spirit we found to collectively confront threats to our national security when this body passed CAATSA nearly a year ago. I urge my colleagues to again join together and now ensure imple-mentation of this law. I urge my col-leagues to stand firm in support of our democracy against all forms of aggres-sion, especially from Moscow. There is still time before the 2018 election to make crystal clear to the Kremlin that their days of unfettered cyber hacking, bots, trolls, and lies are over. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING DR. J. ALEX HALLER, JR. ∑Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Dr. J. Alex Haller, Jr., a pioneer in the field of pe-diatric surgery, who died on June 13 at the age of 91. Theodore Roosevelt once said, ‘‘The greatest gift life has to offer is the opportunity to work hard at work worth doing.’’ Alex Haller cer-tainly spent his life working hard on something worthwhile. He was a pro-fessor emeritus of pediatrics, surgery, and emergency medicine at the Johns Hopkins Medical School and was the surgeon in charge of the Johns Hopkins Children’s Center for nearly 30 years. Over the course of his distinguished ca-reer, he became known as the ‘‘father of pediatric trauma care.’’ Throughout his life, Dr. Haller pushed the bound-aries and transformed how we care for our children. Dr. Haller was born in Pulaski, VA, in 1927. He earned his bachelor’s degree from Vanderbilt University and then came to Baltimore to earn his MD from the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. After he graduated from Johns Hopkins in 1951, Dr. Haller spent a year as a fellow in pathology at the University of Zurich, and then served in the military for 2 years. He returned to Johns Hopkins to complete his resi-dency. In 1959, he went to Louisville General Hospital, where he served as chief of cardiac surgery for 4 years. Then, Alfred Blalock, the chief of sur-gery at Johns Hopkins, asked him to return to head the new pediatric sur-gery division Blalock planned to launch. During his time at Johns Hopkins, Dr. Haller was responsible for helping to make Johns Hopkins one of the best hospitals for pediatric care in the coun-try. For almost 30 years, he served as the surgeon in charge of the Johns Hopkins Children’s Center and was the founding co-director of the division pe-diatrics. He created the regional trau-ma center for children, the first such program of its kind in the United States, and at his urging, Johns Hop-kins became the first academic medical center to implement pediatric surgery subspecialties. Outside of Johns Hopkins, Dr. Haller created opportunities for his colleagues to learn from one another. He was one of 24 pediatric surgeons who founded the American Pediatric Surgical Asso-ciation and played a key role in devel-oping the Pediatric Advanced Life Sup-port, or PALS, protocol, which details the steps and procedures for stabilizing critically injured children or those with other emergency conditions. Nelson Mandela once said ‘‘There can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way in which it treats its children.’’ Dr. Haller spent his life en-suring that our children will have the best care that modern medicine can offer. He leaves a lasting legacy in the lives of children whom he saved and who will be saved because of his pio-neering work and because he trained so many other doctors and surgeons who carry on the mission. On behalf of my colleagues, I send my deepest condo-lences to his wife of 67 years, Emily Simms, whom he met in college and who became an obstetrician; his daugh-ter, Dr. Julia Haller, ophthalmologist in chief at Wills Eye Hospital in Phila-delphia; two sons, J. Alex Haller III of Asheville, NC, and Frederick B. ‘‘Fritz’’ Haller of Winston-Salem, NC; another daughter, Clare Haller Hughes of New Canaan, CT; and 16 grand-children. In the midst of his family’s grief, I hope they can find solace in re-flecting on what a truly great and kind and humane person Dr. Haller was. The Baltimore Sun contained an obituary and I ask that the obituary be printed in the R
ECORD following my remarks. The obituary, I think, captures Dr. Haller’s wonderful humanity, which should serve as a beacon for all of us to follow. The material follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.053 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4340 June 21, 2018 
[From the Baltimore Sun, June 6, 2018] J. A
LEX HALLER JR., JOHNS HOPKINS PEDI-
ATRIC SURGEON WHOGAINED FAME IN SEPA-
RATING CONJOINED TWINS, DIES (By Jacques Kelly) Dr. J. Alex Haller Jr., a retired Johns Hop-kins pediatric surgeon recalled as the ‘‘fa-ther of pediatric trauma care,’’ died of res-piratory arrest June 13 at his Glencoe home. He was 91. He was a professor emeritus of pediatrics, surgery and emergency medicine at the Johns Hopkins Medical School and was the surgeon-in-charge of the Johns Hopkins Chil-dren’s Center for nearly 30 years. ‘‘Putting yourself in a child’s shoes is part of being a good surgeon,’’ he once said. Born in Pulaski, Va., he was son of J. Alex Haller, a dentist, and his wife Julia Allison. Emerging from scarlet fever as a young child—he lost his hair permanently as a re-sult—he was determined to go into medicine. After the death of his mother, he was raised by his father and two maiden aunts who instilled a strong moral sense in him. An Eagle Scout, he was a 1944 graduate of Pulaski High School, where he played bas-ketball. He obtained a bachelor’s degree at Vander-bilt University, where he met his future wife, Emily Simms. She would go on to become an obstetrician. In a 2008 oral history, he said he came to Baltimore in 1947 and hailed a cab at Penn Station to take him to Hopkins. He wound up, incorrectly, at the Homewood campus in North Baltimore. From there he caught a streetcar to the East Baltimore medical school. ‘‘I went down through every imaginable slum area, and it got worse and worse as I went deeper and deeper into East Baltimore and finally ended up right there at the hos-pital,’’ he said. ‘‘I got out and said to myself, ‘Oh, my. This is the end of the world.’ . . . So I registered and that was the beginning of my medical school journey.’’ While in medical school, Dr. Haller also studied at Boston Children’s Hospital, where he developed an interest in pediatric surgery. After graduating from Hopkins in 1951, he studied pathology at the University of Zu-rich. He did his military service in the Coast Guard—he said he was mainly called upon to remove tattoos—and at the National Insti-tutes of Health. He performed his residency at Hopkins and joined the faculty of the University of Louis-ville in 1959, where he served as chief of car-diac surgery at the Louisville General Hos-pital. The renowned Johns Hopkins surgeon Alfred Blalock asked him to return to Balti-more to head a new pediatric surgery divi-sion. In 1971 Hopkins opened the country’s first pediatric emergency room within a general hospital. In an article in The Baltimore Sun about the opening of the new facility, Dr. Haller said he did not like mixing children with adults in crowded general emergency rooms. In 1982 he led a surgical team that sepa-rated conjoined twins, who were connected at their chests. The twin girls, Emily and Francesca Selvaggio, were separated in a 10- hour surgery. ‘‘Dr. Haller was a pioneer in pediatric sur-gery and responsible for training innumer-able surgeons and leaders in the field,’’ said Dr. George Dover, former director of the De-partment of Pediatrics at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and former pediatrician-in-chief of the Johns Hopkins Children’s Center. He said Dr. Haller ‘‘was responsible for the concept of the Children’s Medical and Sur-gical Center . . . the first building to house all children in a separate facility at Johns Hopkins. His impact on pediatric medicine was enormous.’’ Dr. Haller also worked with the University of Maryland’s shock trauma pioneer, R Adams Cowley, to organize a statewide shock trauma system, the Maryland Emer-gency Medical Services system. ‘‘By far, the leading cause of pediatric death was then and remains trauma—injury from auto accidents, falls and burns,’’ said Dr. James A. O’Neill, a friend for more than 50 years. ‘‘The basis of trauma medicine was mili-tary experience in Korea and Vietnam. Very little was known about how to treat children involved in accidents,’’ Dr. O’Neill said. ‘‘Dr. Haller led the effort to treat injured children and is truly the father of pediatric trauma care.’’ Dr. O’Neill, a professor of pediatric surgery at Vanderbilt University, also called Dr. Haller ‘‘a true social genius. He could relate to anyone. He was charming, outgoing, calm, humble and sensitive to other people. He had a fantastic sense of humor and an apprecia-tion for other people’s strengths as well as their foibles. He never cared about money.’’ ‘‘He was one of the best-known and well- beloved persons to walk the halls of Hop-kins,’’ said his daughter Dr. Julia Haller, ophthalmologist-in-chief at Wills Eye Hos-pital in Philadelphia, Pa. ‘‘As a father, he gave us a wonderful child-hood,’’ she said. ‘‘He shared his enthusiasm about the world with all of us.’’ He published more than 350 scholarly pa-pers and 60 book chapters. He also wrote the 1967 book, ‘‘The Hospitalized Child and His Family.’’ His daughter said her father and mother were a well-known couple, particularly in the Hopkins medical community. ‘‘They were true partners, and each year hosted back-to-back Christmas parties on Friday and Saturday nights so that whoever had the weekend rotation could attend,’’ she said. ‘‘They served country ham and crab dip. Everyone sang Christmas carols late into the night,’’ she said. ‘‘On family vacations, they canoed together. When we were young, they spent a month as camp doctors in western North Carolina. My father threw himself in all the camp activities, too. ‘‘It’s not hard to see why children loved him,’’ she said. He was the recipient of the American Academy of Pediatrics’ William Edwards Ladd Medal, the Denis Browne Gold Medal, the British Association of Pediatric Sur-geons’ award and the Vaclav Kafka Medal from the Society of Pediatric Surgery of Bo-hemia. A funeral will be held at 11 a.m. June 23 at the Episcopal Cathedral of the Incarnation, University Parkway and St. Paul Street. In addition to his wife of 67 years and daughter, survivors include two sons, J. Alex Haller III of Asheville, N.C., and Frederick B. ‘‘Fritz’’ Haller of Winston-Salem, N.C.; an-other daughter, Clare Haller Hughes of New Canaan, Conn.; and 16 grandchildren. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO TIFFANY AND WAIDE SATRE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Tiffany and Waide Satre of Sweet Grass County for the years of hard work they put in to grow Thirsty Tur-tle Burgers & BBQ and serve their local community. Tiffany and Waide opened the Thirsty Turtle Burgers & BBQ in Feb-ruary of 2011. What started as a bar quickly grew with a kitchen and now operates as a full-service restaurant. The restaurant has continued to grow, turning it into a community staple. Tiffany and Waide built both their marriage and their restaurant around each other, and that partnership has fostered growth within the business. Together, they employ around 20 peo-ple, including their son Shadow, who is a cook in the restaurant. While their leadership provides the vision behind the restaurant, Tiffany and Waide be-lieve the restaurant would not be where it is without the hard work and dedication of their employees. While Tiffany and Waide appreciate the business from visitors in the sum-mer months, they rely on their Big Timber regulars to carry them through the off-season. It is this sense of com-munity that has cemented the success of the Thirsty Turtle Burgers & BBQ. I congratulate Tiffany and Waide on the success of their business and their impact on the greater Sweet Grass County. I look forward to my next visit to the Thirsty Turtle Burgers & BBQ. ∑ f 
AFFORDABLE HOUSING ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask that the following statement from Mona Wadsworth, a Florida con-stituent, be printed in the R
ECORD . The material follows: Until my memory begins to fail me there will be one date that will remain one of the most significant to me. That is not to say that there are not other dates in my life that are impor-tant; birthdays, weddings, graduations, holidays, the usual dates we all mark on the calendar. Then there are those dates that hold great value to us because on those days something happened to alter our lives in some way. For me there is one that stands out among all others. December 15, 2017. That is the day God sent an angel into my life and that angel is here in this room. Before I identify that angel I want to tell you a story about a woman. There was nothing exceptional about this woman. She was much like most of us. She played as a child, drove her parents crazy as a teen, became a young adult, fell in love, married, raised a family, worked and was basi-cally the average everyday woman in her community. She had always wanted to own a house of her own but no matter how she tried life’s ups and downs always dipped into her savings and that dream never came to pass. She may not have owned any of dwellings she and her family lived in, but she took pride in her home. It was always well furnished, clean and had many of the comforts of the day. In the hustle and bustle of everyday life we tend to take for granted all the things that give us joy and comfort. She was no different. She never 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:19 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.056 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4341 June 21, 2018 
thought about how nice it felt to sleep in a comfortable bed or how nice that warm shower felt. I could go on and on and on, mentioning everything that made her life comfortable but I think you all have the general idea. Age creeps up on us subtly. It may begin with your eyes not seeing as clearly as they used to or you don’t seem to hear as well. One day you might get up off the floor and find that it took a little longer this time. You start to feel aches and pains you didn’t before. Fighting off a cold is harder this time. Trips to the doctor become more frequent. When once you were a mother or a father you’re now gram or gramps. No matter how you’ve tried to deny it, one day you look in the mirror and wonder who this old person is looking back at you. And so it was for this woman. Now in her 60’s, her children grown, she still counted herself pretty lucky. Except for the glasses she put on each morn-ing, the need to take blood pressure medication and insulin, she was doing pretty good health wise. She still made holiday meals, still cleaned her home with the same determination, she basi-cally was living her life as much as she always had. Then one day something happened in this woman’s life that would forever- more change it. In September 2017 Hurricane Irma slammed into Florida. Irma was not a lady. She left a great deal of damage in her wake and devastated many lives. Irma rendered the house this woman lived in uninhabitable, starting a dom-ino effect in this woman’s life that would eventually render her homeless. She went to every agency she was aware of only to find out she either didn’t qualify for assistance or there simply wasn’t the housing or the funds available to help her out of a situation she had no control over. On October 23rd, this woman now in her 60’s took what clothes she managed to save, the necessary toiletries she needed, a few towels, a frying pan, a sauce pan and a coffee pot. With the little money she had left until her next meager Social Security benefit pay-ment came in, she bought some food, a cooler, ice, paper plates, cups and plas-tic spoons, forks, and knives. Her last purchase was a small tent. That night and for the next 12 weeks her bed was the floor of a tent, her cov-ers were a thin blanket. She fell asleep that night to the sound of rain pelting the tent. She cried herself to sleep. As time moved on she bought an air mattress, sheets, a heavier blanket, a small grill, little things that would make her life a little easier to bear. She’d crawl in and out of the tent several times a day. She used public fa-cilities to shower, brush her teeth, and comb her hair. She carried a bucket of warm water from the shower house to her campsite so that she could wash the few pans she’d used to cook in. In November, many people from the North come down to Florida and many come in RV’s. This woman now found herself moving her campsite from one place to another every 3 or 4 days to accommodate these people who had re-served these campsites. When the temperature in Florida gets into the upper 70’s, the inside of a tent feels like an oven. When the evening temperature falls into the lower 50’s or 40’s it feels like a freezer. Unable to take her insulin because she couldn’t keep it properly cooled or take her blood pressure medication be-cause the heat melted it, her health was deteriorating with each passing day. In the later part of December, weak, sick, questioning her faith in God and wondering if she wanted her life to go on, she walked through the doors of a hospital’s emergency room. If you haven’t guessed already I’ll tell you now. This woman was me. But this story is a story of triumph over tragedy and this is where my angel comes in. As I said, my angel is here in this room and her name is Lynn. I’m going to embarrass her now be-cause Lynn doesn’t really think she did that much. But I say, if it wasn’t for her I’m not sure I’d be standing here today. Upon hearing about my situation from a hospital social worker, Lynn set up an appointment for me the next day. It was December 15th. I’ll never forget Lynn looking at me from across her desk and saying she wouldn’t have a merry Christmas unless she knew I was settled into Trinity Towers before Christmas. There was still a problem however: Rent. I didn’t have the money to pay until the 3rd of January. That didn’t deter Lynn. She got on the phone and talked to those in charge. They came through for her. I have Beth and Mar-lene to thank for that. Lynn had a merry Christmas because on December 20th I was handed the keys to apartment 427. Yes, Lynn is my angel. She went that extra mile to help me and in doing so she renewed my faith in humanity and more than that, she renewed my faith in God. Jesus once said the poor will always be among us and we should help them. Lynn lives those words. This life experience has changed my life for the better. I don’t sweat the small stuff anymore. I don’t judge the homeless because I know how easy it is to be there. I don’t take for granted God’s blessings and I start every day thanking God for the roof over my head, a warm bed to sleep in and the food in my belly. In closing, I want to thank all the residents of Trinity Towers South for the graciousness in which you wel-comed me into your community and thank each and every one of you who saw a person down on their luck and came to my door one by one and gave me things I so badly needed. I didn’t tell this story because I wanted a pity party. I told it in hopes that people will understand how impor-tant affordable housing is. I ask our government officials, you whom we’ve entrusted the job of rep-resenting us, those who make the dif-ficult decisions on our behalf to fight the good fight and make sure that pro-grams set up to help the less fortunate, especially food and housing programs, do not fall by the wayside. Do not for-get the poor, the disabled, the sick or the elderly. If I could have one wish granted in my life, it would be this. That every man, woman and child would forever have, without question, the basic needs of life, a roof over their head, a warm bed to sleep in and food to fill their stomachs. Thank you for listening to my story.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 9:47 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5797. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to pro-vide under Medicaid services for certain indi-viduals with opioid use disorders in institu-tions for mental diseases. H.R. 5925. An act to codify provisions relat-ing to the Office of National Drug Control, and for other purposes. H.R. 6082. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confiden-tiality of substance use disorder patient records. 
At 4:44 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2. An act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5797. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to pro-vide under Medicaid services for certain indi-viduals with opioid use disorders in institu-tions for mental diseases; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5925. An act to codify provisions relat-ing to the Office of National Drug Control, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 6082. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confiden-tiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.058 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4342 June 21, 2018 
S. 3093. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. S. 3100. A bill to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington. 
The following bill was read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 2. An act to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–5573. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Robert L. Caslen, Jr., United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5574. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral William D. Beydler, United States Ma-rine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–5575. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Regulations, Office of General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Cross References to Previously Removed Appendices and Subpart’’ (RIN2501– AD88) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–5576. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Reclassification of Major Sources as Area Sources Under Section 112 of the Clean Air Act’’ received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5577. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Clari-fication on Endorsement of Nuclear Energy Institute Guidance in Designing Digital Up-grades in Instrumentation and Control Sys-tems’’ (RIS 2002–22, Supplement 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5578. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of En-forcement, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Enforcement Guidance Memorandum 18–001: Interim Guidance for Dispositioning Apparent Violations of 10 CFR Parts 34, 36, and 39 Requirements Re-sulting from the Use of Direct Ion Storage Dosimetry During Licensed Activities’’ (EGM 18–001) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5579. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Possession Licenses for Manufacturing and Distribution’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 12, Re-vision 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–5580. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Guidance to Grantors and Contributors of Tax-Exempt Organizations on Deductibility and Reliance Issues’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–32) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–5581. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Indian Coal Production and Inflation Adjustment Factor for Calendar Year 2017’’ (Notice 2018– 36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–5582. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reference Price for Section 45I Credit for Production of Natural Gas from Marginal Well During Taxable Years Beginning in Calendar Year 2017’’ (No-tice 2018–52) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–5583. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms, parts, and acces-sories abroad controlled under Category I of the United States Munitions List of rifles, semi-automatic sniper systems, suppressors, grenade launchers and accessories to Saudi Arabia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–055); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–5584. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Poland, Colombia, and Chile to support the pre-deliv-ery requirements and post-delivery modifica-tion of S–70i helicopters to Chile in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–105); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–5585. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2018–0070 - 2018–0112); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–5586. A communication from the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Depart-ment’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5587. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Agency’s Semiannual Report of the Office of Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2017 through March 31, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–5588. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–5589. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Unexploded Ordnance Detona-tion, Gulf of Mexico, Pensacola, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0531)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5590. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Columbia River, The Dalles, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0536)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5591. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lewis River, Ridgefield, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0535)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5592. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Corpus Christi Bay, Corpus Christi, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0458)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5593. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Blazing Paddles 2018 SUP Race; Cuyahoga River, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0242)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5594. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River, mile marker 27.8 to mile marker 28.2, Vanport, PA’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0308)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5595. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Appomattox River, Hopewell, VA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0330)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.007 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4343 June 21, 2018 
EC–5596. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lake Pontchartrain, Mandeville, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0529)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–5597. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Tred Avon River, be-tween Bellevue, MD and Oxford, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0088)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–5598. A communication from the Asso-ciate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund, WC Docket No. 10–90’’ ((RIN3060–AK57) (FCC 18–53)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 19, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–249. A joint resolution adopted by the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee memorializing its support for the President of the United States’ proposal to construct a secure border wall, and urging the United States Congress to immediately take action to fund the construction; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H
OUSE JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 741 Whereas, through the 2016 election of President Donald J. Trump, the American people delivered a clear mandate to ensure American prosperity; and Whereas, the security of our nation’s bor-ders and the safety of our citizens are para-mount to protecting the American way of life, and Whereas, it is essential to the welfare of our nation that illegal immigration cease; and Whereas, President Trump has pledged to secure our borders through the construction of a secure border wall; and Whereas, the members of this General As-sembly have consistently taken steps to ad-dress illegal immigration within the borders of our great State and now wish to urge the United States Congress to address illegal im-migration by supporting President Trump’s border wall proposal; now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Tenth General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, The Senate Concurring , That we strongly support President Donald J. Trump’s proposal to construct a secure border wall across our nation’s southern bor-der, and we strongly urge the United States Congress to immediately take action to fund the construction of said border wall without delay and be it further Resolved, That certified copies of this reso-lution be transmitted to the President of the United States, the U.S. Secretary of Home-land Security, the Governor of the State of Tennessee, the Speaker and the Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, the President and the Secretary of the United States Senate, and each member of the Ten-nessee Congressional delegation. POM–250. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to an amendment to the Constitution; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. LANKFORD, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3107. An original bill making appropria-tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–281). By Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3108. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–282). By Mrs. CAPITO, from the Committee on Appropriations, without amendment: S. 3109. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 283). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 974. A bill to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board for the remainder of the term expiring January 29, 2019. Jane Nitze, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2023. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EE, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. S
ASSE): S. 3102. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit kindergarten through grade 12 educational expenses to be paid from a 529 account; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. YOUNG (for himself, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. D ON-
NELLY ): S. 3103. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve and reauthorize the Bio-technology and Agricultural Trade Program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Ms. HEITKAMP ): S. 3104. A bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to expand substan-tially underserved trust area authority to all rural development programs of the Depart-ment of Agriculture; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 3105. A bill to require manufacturers of drugs to post the names of the countries in which their drugs are manufactured on their internet websites; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. N
ELSON , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. 3106. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to establish an Advisory Commis-sion on Serving and Supporting Students with Mental Health Disabilities in Institu-tions of Higher Education, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. LANKFORD: S. 3107. An original bill making appropria-tions for financial services and general gov-ernment for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Appropriations; placed on the calendar. By Mr. GRAHAM: S. 3108. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Ap-propriations; placed on the calendar. By Mrs. CAPITO: S. 3109. An original bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; from the Com-mittee on Appropriations; placed on the cal-endar. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. H ASSAN , and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 3110. A bill to support educational enti-ties in fully implementing title IX and re-ducing and preventing sex discrimination in all areas of education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. L
EAHY ): S. 3111. A bill to make permanent certain Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs general provisions; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 3112. A bill to provide standards for fa-cilities at which aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security are de-tained, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 3113. A bill to promote dairy product in-novation, including in specialty cheese, and value-added dairy product development for the economic benefit of United States dairy farmers and their communities; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 3114. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of a national registry to track eases of coccidioidomycosis, and for other purposes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.009 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4344 June 21, 2018 
to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. S
MITH, and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 3115. A bill to amend the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to extend and modify the rural energy savings pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. MENENDEZ: S. 3116. A bill to establish an Election Se-curity grant program; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. S
COTT): S. 3117. A bill to require the Secretary of Agriculture to grant farm numbers to indi-viduals with certain documentation, to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural De-velopment Act to include qualified inter-mediaries as recipients of farm ownership loans, to provide for a study of farmland ten-ure, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 3118. A bill to specify and clarify mens rea requirements for certain Federal crimes and to establish the National Criminal Jus-tice Commission; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 3119. A bill to allow for the taking of sea lions on the Columbia River and its tribu-taries to protect endangered and threatened species of salmon and other nonlisted fish species; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 266, a bill to award the Con-gressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achieve-ments and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 281 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 281, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to eliminate the per-country numerical limitation for employment-based immigrants, to in-crease the per-country numerical limi-tation for family-sponsored immi-grants, and for other purposes. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 645 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 645, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Commerce to conduct an as-sessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, and for other purposes. S. 1091 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1091, an Act to establish a Federal Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1917, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2276 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2276, a bill to re-quire agencies to submit reports on outstanding recommendations in the annual budget justification submitted to Congress. 
S. 2391 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2391, a bill to prohibit the United States Government from using or con-tracting with an entity that uses cer-tain telecommunications services or equipment, and for other purposes. 
S. 2393 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2393, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide Federal protection to the digital audio transmission of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Export Control Act to make im-provements to certain defense and se-curity assistance provisions and to au-thorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2499 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2499, a bill to require the Financial Industry Regulatory Author-ity to establish a relief fund to provide investors with the full value of unpaid arbitration awards issued against bro-kerage firms or brokers regulated by the Authority. S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce development pilot program. 
S. 2621 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2621, a bill to amend the Occupa-tional Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand coverage under the Act, to in-crease protections for whistleblowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for infla-tion, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other purposes. 
S. 2773 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2773, a bill to improve the management of driftnet fishing. 
S. 2789 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2789, a bill to prevent substance abuse and reduce demand for illicit narcotics. 
S. 2796 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2796, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety of medicinal cannabis, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the news-print and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2897 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2897, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assist-ance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an elec-tronic visit verification system. At the request of Ms. M
URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2897, supra. 
S. 2938 
At the request of Mr. S ASSE, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2938, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service requirements with respect to transpor-tation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.015 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4345 June 21, 2018 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legislative improvements for the live-stock, insect, and agricultural com-modities transport industries, and for other purposes. 
S. 3093 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) and the Senator from Alas-ka (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 3093, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protective custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2933 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2933 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2934 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2934 proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2963 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2963 proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3003 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3003 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3013 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ), the Sen-ator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. TESTER ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3013 pro-posed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3034 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3034 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3049. Mr. UDALL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3050. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO (for herself and Mr. H ELLER )) pro- posed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3051. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B OOZ-
MAN (for himself, Mr. D AINES , and Mr. T
ESTER )) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3052. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. D AINES , and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3053. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OONS  (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3054. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. P ERDUE  (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2978 proposed by Mr. T
HUNE (for himself, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) to the amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3055. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3056. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ELLER  (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3057. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. L EE(for himself and Mr. P
AUL)) proposed an amend-ment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3058. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3059. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B URR, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND )) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3060. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3061. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. S CHU-
MER) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3062. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3063. Mr. SHELBY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. S AND-
ERS) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3064. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3065. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3066. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. SA 3067. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3068. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. K EN-
NEDY ) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3049. Mr. UDALL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 106. Section 10501 of the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 407) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘For each of fiscal years 2020 through 2029’’ and in-serting ‘‘For fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year thereafter’’; (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2034’’ and in-serting ‘‘for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year thereafter’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘for any authorized use’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘for any use authorized under paragraph (2).’’; and (3) by striking subsection (f). 
SA 3050. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Mr. H
ELLER )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.013 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4346 June 21, 2018 
appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. The Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall con-duct an investigation of all nursing homes of the Department of Veterans Affairs that had an overall one-star rating as within the two full calendar years prior to the year of enact-ment as determined by the rating system of the Department. 
SA 3051. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. B
OOZMAN (for himself, Mr. D AINES , and Mr. T
ESTER )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 85, line 18, insert ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That of the total amount appropriated, $2,383,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the Veterans History Project to continue digitization efforts of already col-lected materials, reach a greater number of veterans to record their stories, and promote public access to the Project’’ before the pe-riod at the end. 
SA 3052. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. D AINES , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PUBLICATION OF QUALITY RATING FOR NURSING HOMES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS AND INVESTIGATIONS OF LOW-PER-FORMING NURSING HOMES. 
(a) P UBLICATION OF QUALITY RATING FOR  N
URSING HOMES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to Congress and the appropriate com-mittees of Congress and publish in the Fed-eral Register and on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs the rating assigned by the De-partment to each nursing home of the De-partment with respect to quality of care, in-cluding all internal metrics and criteria used in determining such rating. (b) I
NVESTIGATIONS OF LOW-PERFORMING  N
URSING HOMES .— (1) I
NITIAL INVESTIGATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Head of the Office of the Med-ical Inspector of the Veterans Health Admin-istration shall— (A) conduct an investigation of all nursing homes of the Department of Veterans Affairs with an overall one-star rating (as deter-mined by the rating system of the Depart-ment) according to the most recent review by the Department; and (B) submit to Congress and the appropriate committees of Congress a report on correc-tive actions taken by the Department with respect to nursing homes described in sub-paragraph (A), including any results that support those corrective actions. (2) SUBSEQUENT INVESTIGATION .—If a nurs-ing home described in paragraph (1)(A) has an overall one-star rating (as determined by the rating system of the Department) ac-cording to the first subsequent review by the Department after the review described in such paragraph, the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall, not later than 30 days after such subsequent re-view— (A) conduct an investigation of that nurs-ing home; and (B) submit to Congress and the appropriate committees of Congress a report that in-cludes the findings of that investigation. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 3053. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C
OONS (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 79, line 22, insert ‘‘, and not more than $5,000 that shall be used by the Archi-tect of the Capitol to work with contractors to eliminate or reduce the use of plastic straws in facilities of the legislative branch that are under the care of the Architect of the Capitol’’ before ‘‘; for’’. 
SA 3054. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. P
ERDUE (for himself and Mr. I SAKSON )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2978 proposed by Mr. T
HUNE (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. G
RASSLEY ) to the amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 2, line 12, of the amendment, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘of which not less than $100,000,000 shall be used for projects relating to deep-draft naviga-tion.’’. 
SA 3055. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 2, after line 19, add the following: 
SEC. 4. REDUCTION IN APPROPRIATIONS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the total sums appropriated under divi-sions A, B, and C shall be reduced by 1 per-cent. 
SA 3056. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ELLER (for himself and Mr. T ESTER )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: At the appropriate place in title II, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to transfer funds made available for the following programs: (1) The Homeless Providers Grant and Per Diem program. (2) The Domiciliary Care for Homeless Vet-erans program. (3) The Supportive Services for Veteran Families program. (4) The Department of Housing and Urban Development Department of Veterans Af-fairs Supported Housing (HUD–VASH) pro-grams. (5) The Health Care for Homeless Veterans program 
SA 3057. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. L
EE(for himself and Mr. P AUL)) pro-posed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 79, line 7, insert ‘‘: Provided, that the Director shall use not less than $500,000 of the amount made available under this heading for (1) improving technical systems, processes, and models for the purpose of im-proving the transparency of estimates of budgetary effects to Members of Congress, employees of Members of Congress, and the public, and (2) to increase the availability of models, economic assumptions, and data for Members of Congress, employees of Members of Congress, and the public’’ before the pe-riod. 
SA 3058. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3llll. All high-level radioactive waste at the Western New York Service Cen-ter in West Valley, New York, from the project carried out under the West Valley Demonstration Project Act (42 U.S.C. 2021a note; Public Law 96–368) shall be considered to have resulted from atomic energy defense activities— (1) for purposes of section 8 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10107); but (2) not for purposes of— (A) section 3(a)(3) of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Land Withdrawal Act (Public Law 102–579; 106 Stat. 4779); or (B) section 213 of the Department of En-ergy National Security and Military Appli-cations of Nuclear Energy Authorization Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–164; 93 Stat. 1265). 
SA 3059. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. B
URR, Mr. D AINES , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.024 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4347 June 21, 2018 
and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 305. (a) Section 5 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 798) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘three’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Commission may extend the period of a preliminary permit once for not more than 2 additional years beyond the 3 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Com-mission may— ‘‘(1) extend the period of a preliminary per-mit once for not more than 4 additional years beyond the 4 years’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) after the end of an extension period granted under paragraph (1), issue an addi-tional permit to the permittee if the Com-mission determines that there are extraor-dinary circumstances that warrant the issuance of the additional permit.’’. (b) Section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘once but not longer than two additional years’’ and inserting ‘‘for not more than 8 additional years,’’. (c) Any obligation of a licensee or exemptee for the payment of annual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) for a project that has not commenced construction as of the date of en-actment of this Act shall commence not ear-lier than the latest of— (1) the date by which the licensee or exemptee is required to commence construc-tion; or (2) the date of any extension of the dead-line under paragraph (1). S
EC. 306. Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior, after consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall— (1) survey the exterior boundaries of the tract of Federal land within the project boundary of the Swan Lake Hydroelectric Project (FERC No. 2911) as generally de-picted and labeled ‘‘Lost Creek’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Swan Lake Project Boundary—Lot 2’’ and dated February 1, 2016; and (2) issue a patent to the State of Alaska for the tract described in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with— (A) the survey authorized under paragraph (1); (B) section 6(a) of the Act of July 7, 1958 (commonly known as the ‘‘Alaska Statehood Act’’) (48 U.S.C. note prec. 21; Public Law 85– 508); and (C) section 24 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 818). S
EC. 307. (a) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. (2) The term ‘‘Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project’’ means the project identified in sec-tion 1325 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3212), and which is the Commission project numbered 2743. (3) The term ‘‘Upper Hidden Basin Diver-sion Expansion’’ means the expansion of the Terror Lake Hydroelectric Project as gen-erally described in exhibit E to the Upper Hidden Basin Grant Application dated July 2, 2014, and submitted to the Alaska Energy Authority Renewable Energy Fund Round VIII by Kodiak Electric Association, Inc. (b) The licensee for the Terror Lake Hydro-electric Project may occupy not more than 20 acres of Federal land to construct, oper-ate, and maintain the Upper Hidden Basin Diversion Expansion without further author-ization of the Secretary of the Interior or under the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.). (c) The Upper Hidden Basin Diversion Ex-pansion shall be subject to appropriate terms and conditions included in an amendment to a license issued by the Commission pursuant to the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.), including section 4(e) of that Act (16 U.S.C. 797(e)), following an environmental re-view by the Commission under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). SEC. 308. (a) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. (2) The term ‘‘license’’ means the license for the Commission project numbered 11393. (3) The term ‘‘licensee’’ means the holder of the license. (b) On the request of the licensee, the Com-mission shall issue an order continuing the stay of the license. (c) On the request of the licensee, but not later than 10 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall— (1) issue an order lifting the stay of the li-cense under subsection (b); and (2) make the effective date of the license the date on which the stay is lifted under paragraph (1). (d)(1) Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Commission project numbered 11393, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension origi-nally issued by the Commission. (2)(A) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in paragraph (1) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of the expiration of the li-cense. (B) If the Commission reinstates the li-cense under subparagraph (A), the first ex-tension authorized under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of that expiration. (e) Nothing in this section prioritizes, or creates any advantage or disadvantage to, Commission project numbered 11393 under Federal law, including the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.) or the Public Util-ity Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), as compared to— (1) any electric generating facility in exist-ence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) any electric generating facility that may be examined, proposed, or developed during the period of any stay or extension of the license under this section. S
EC. 309. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbers 12756, 12757, and 12758, the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) may, at the request of the li-censee for the applicable project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the proce-dures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the li-censee is required to commence the con-struction of the applicable project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) If the time period required for com-mencement of construction of a project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense for the applicable project effective as of the date of the expiration of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration. SEC. 310. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12478–003, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. S
EC. 311. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 13287, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of that section and the procedures of the Com-mission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence construction of the project for up to 4 consecutive 2-year periods after the required date of the commencement of con-struction described in Article 301 of the li-cense. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project de-scribed in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mission may reinstate the license effective as of that date of expiration. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. S
EC. 312. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12642, the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of that section and the procedures of the Com-mission under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.025 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4348 June 21, 2018 
(b) If the period required for commence-ment of construction of the project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense effective as of the date of the expira-tion of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration date. S
EC. 313. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission projects numbered 12737 and 12740, the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’) may, at the request of the li-censee for the applicable project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the proce-dures of the Commission under that section, extend the time period during which the li-censee is required to commence the con-struction of the applicable project for up to 3 consecutive 2-year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b) If the period required for commence-ment of construction of a project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act— (1) the Commission may reinstate the li-cense for the applicable project effective as of the date of the expiration of the license; and (2) the first extension authorized under subsection (a) shall take effect on that expi-ration. S
EC. 314. (a) Notwithstanding the time pe-riod specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would other-wise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12715 (referred to in this section as the ‘‘project’’), the Fed-eral Energy Regulatory Commission (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Commis-sion’’) may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due dili-gence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2-year periods that begin on the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (b)(1) If the period required for the com-mencement of construction of the project has expired before the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of the expira-tion of the license. (2) If the Commission reinstates the license under paragraph (1), the first extension au-thorized under subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of that expiration. 
SA 3060. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 54, line 5, insert ‘‘$10,300,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nu-clear technologies,’’ after ‘‘mission,’’. 
SA 3061. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. J OHNSON , and Mr. SCHUMER ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division C, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the results of a review, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the analytical model used for strategic basing of KC–46 air-craft. (b) P
ARTICULAR ELEMENT .—The report shall include such recommendations of the Sec-retary for the analytical model as the Sec-retary considers appropriate in order to en-sure that the model addresses changes in re-fueling requirements associated with the conventional and nuclear missions of the Global Strike Command, and any other cur-rent or emerging missions of the Global Strike Command (including missions in sup-port of counterterrorism activities), as a re-sult of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and associated mobility capability require-ments. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The require-ment for a report under this section may not be construed as limiting the ability of the Air Force to make any future adjustment to the analytical model used for strategic bas-ing of KC–46 aircraft or to any of the criteria in the analytical model. 
SA 3062. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 7, strike line 6 and all that follows through page 22, line 23 and in-sert the following: $210,000,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
FORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL ACTION  
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up con-tamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $120,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such dis-asters as authorized by law, $35,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Di-vision Engineers; and for costs of manage-ment and operation of the Humphreys Engi-neer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $193,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation pro-vided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works execu-tive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the super-vision and general administration of emer-gency operations, repairs, and other activi-ties in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE  
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than 75 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the As-sistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Con-gress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title, as des-ignated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accom-panying this Act, to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  S
EC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in title I of this Act, or provided by previous appropria-tions Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title I of this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, shall be available for obligation or ex-penditure through a reprogramming of funds that: (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions; (4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-cific activity for a different purpose, unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations; (5) augments or reduces existing programs, projects, or activities in excess of the amounts contained in paragraphs (6) through (10), unless prior approval is received from the House and Senate Committees on Appro-priations; (6) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—For a base level over $100,000, reprogramming of 25 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $150,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $100,000, the reprogramming limit is $25,000: Provided further, That up to $25,000 may be repro-grammed into any continuing study or activ-ity that did not receive an appropriation for existing obligations and concomitant admin-istrative expenses; (7) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For a base level over $2,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $3,000,000 per project, study or activity is allowed: Pro- vided, That for a base level less than $2,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $300,000: Provided further, That up to $3,000,000 may be reprogrammed for settled contractor claims, changed conditions, or real estate de-ficiency judgments: Provided further, That up to $300,000 may be reprogrammed into any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.025 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4349 June 21, 2018 
continuing study or activity that did not re-ceive an appropriation for existing obliga-tions and concomitant administrative ex-penses; (8) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Unlim- ited reprogramming authority is granted for the Corps to be able to respond to emer-gencies: Provided, That the Chief of Engi-neers shall notify the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations of these emergency actions as soon thereafter as practicable: Provided further, That for a base level over $1,000,000, reprogramming of 15 percent of the base amount up to a limit of $5,000,000 per project, study, or activity is al-lowed: Provided further, That for a base level less than $1,000,000, the reprogramming limit is $150,000: Provided further, That $150,000 may be reprogrammed into any continuing study or activity that did not receive an appropria-tion; (9) M
ISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES .— The reprogramming guidelines in paragraphs (6), (7), and (8) shall apply to the Investiga-tions, Construction, and Operation and Maintenance portions of the Mississippi River and Tributaries Account, respectively; and (10) F
ORMERLY UTILIZED SITES REMEDIAL AC -
TION PROGRAM .—Reprogramming of up to 15 percent of the base of the receiving project is permitted. (b) D
EMINIMUS REPROGRAMMINGS .—In no case should a reprogramming for less than $50,000 be submitted to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations. (c) C
ONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM .— Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity funded under the con-tinuing authorities program. (d) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations to establish the baseline for application of reprogram-ming and transfer authorities for the current fiscal year which shall include: (1) A table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Con-gress, adjustments due to enacted rescis-sions, if applicable, and the fiscal year en-acted level; and (2) A delineation in the table for each ap-propriation both by object class and pro-gram, project and activity as detailed in the budget appendix for the respective appro-priations; and (3) An identification of items of special congressional interest. (e) The Secretary shall allocate funds made available in this Act solely in accord-ance with the provisions of this Act and the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, including the deter-mination and designation of new starts. (f) None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to this section. S
EC. 102. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. S
EC. 103. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alter-native for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Pro- vided, That until an open lake placement al-ternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material con-sistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). SEC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). S
EC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR C
ENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,398,675 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for ex-penses necessary in carrying out related re-sponsibilities of the Secretary of the Inte-rior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. B
UREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be ex-pended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and res-toration of water and related natural re-sources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilita-tion of reclamation and other facilities, par-ticipation in fulfilling related Federal re-sponsibilities to Native Americans, and re-lated grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local govern-ments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,382,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,693,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be in-creased or decreased within the overall ap-propriation under this heading: Provided fur-ther, That within available funds, $250,000 shall be for grants and financial assistance for educational activities: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same pur-poses as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for high-priority projects which shall be car-ried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $62,008,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments author-ized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for in- stream purposes if the water is already com-mitted to in-stream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
CALIFORNIA BAY -DELTA RESTORATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environ-mental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear per-formance measures demonstrating concur-rent progress in achieving the goals and ob-jectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, adminis-tration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and of-fices in the five regions of the Bureau of Rec-lamation, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020, $61,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimburs-able as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administra-tion expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclama-tion shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR S
EC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in title II of this Act for Water and Related Re-sources, or provided by previous or subse-quent appropriations Acts to the agencies or entities funded in title II of this Act for Water and Related Resources that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2019, shall be available for obliga-tion or expenditure through a reprogram-ming of funds that— (1) initiates or creates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activ-ity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.022 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4350 June 21, 2018 
(4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate; (5) transfers funds in excess of the fol-lowing limits, unless prior approval is re-ceived from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or ac-tivity for which less than $2,000,000 is avail-able at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category, unless prior approval is re-ceived from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclama-tion, more than $5,000,000 to provide ade-quate funds for settled contractor claims, in-creased contractor earnings due to acceler-ated rates of operations, and real estate defi-ciency judgments, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Oper-ation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation cat-egory. (c) For purposes of this section, the term transfer means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall sub-mit reports on a quarterly basis to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. S
EC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of dis-charge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Sec-retary of the Interior and the State of Cali-fornia of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of Cali-fornia as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and col-lected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repay-ment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or pro-viding for, drainage service or drainage stud-ies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reim-bursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses includ-ing the purchase, construction, and acquisi-tion of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy effi-ciency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemna-tion of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construc-tion, or expansion, $2,312,000,000, to remain available until expended: Pro- 
SA 3063. Mr. SHELBY (for himself, Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. COMPLETE THE VA MISSION FUNDING. 
Section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) C
OMPLETE THE VA MISSION FUNDING .— (i) If, for fiscal years 2019 through 2021, ap-propriations for discretionary accounts are enacted that Congress designates as being for VA MISSION funding in statute, the ad-justment for a fiscal year shall be the total of such appropriations for the fiscal year in discretionary accounts designated as being for VA MISSION funding, but not to exceed the total of— ‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2019, $1,600,000,000; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2020, $8,670,000,000; and ‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2021, $9,500,000,000. ‘‘(ii) For the purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘VA MISSION funding’ means ac-tivities funded by the following budget ac-counts— ‘‘(I) Veterans Health Administration, Med-ical Services (036–0160–0–1–703) ‘‘(II) Veterans Health Administration, Medical Community Care (036–0140–0–1–703) ‘‘(III) any budget account that is estab-lished in the Treasury of the United States to implement the VA MISSION Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–182).’’. 
SA 3064. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) It is the sense of the Senate that in the case of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘
CONSTRUCTION ’’ that are in excess of the budget request submitted to Congress by the President and are for the continuation of construction of projects that principally include improvements to rainfall drainage systems that address flood dam-ages, the funds should be equally distributed among all eligible projects. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘eligible project’’ means a project— (1) that principally includes improvements to rainfall drainage systems that address flood damages; and (2) for which construction has begun or can continue. SA 3065. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 75, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following: 
SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE JOINT  
COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  S
EC. 121. (a) Congress finds that— (1) the Joint Committee on Taxation serves as a critical resource to Members of Congress on tax policy and legislation, pro-viding expertise and technical knowledge on a nonpartisan basis; (2) the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Congressional Budget Office both provide revenue estimates of legislation, and thus compete for many of the same candidates; and (3) the professional staff of economists with a doctoral degree, attorneys, and ac-countants of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation should be recognized for their expertise and placed on a level playing field with the employees of the Congressional Budget Of-fice. (b) It is the sense of the Senate that the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Con-gressional Budget Office should be treated the same for purposes of compensation and any other relevant matters pertaining to personnel and new employee recruitment. 
SA 3066. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. R
UBIO (for himself and Mr. N ELSON )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) Congress finds that— (1) the restoration of the Everglades, as de-scribed in the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan authorized by title VI of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2680) (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Plan’’), is the most ambitious environmental restora-tion program in history; (2) the overarching objectives of the Plan are the restoration, preservation, and protec-tion of the south Florida ecosystem, while providing for other water-related needs of the region, including water supply and flood protection; (3) the Plan should continue to be imple-mented as authorized— (A) to ensure— (i) the protection of water quality in the south Florida ecosystem; (ii) the reduction of the loss of fresh water from the south Florida ecosystem; and (iii) the improvement of the environment of the south Florida ecosystem; and (B) to achieve and maintain the benefits to the natural system and human environment described in the Plan; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.022 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4351 June 21, 2018 
(4) the equal partnership between the Fed-eral Government and the State of Florida re-mains essential to accomplishing the objec-tives of the Plan. (b) It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the discharge of excess water by the Corps of Engineers from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary and the Indian River Lagoon represents a significant loss of fresh water from the South Florida eco-system; (2) the diversion of those Lake Okeechobee discharges to Plan projects or features like the Everglades Agricultural Area Storage Reservoir, designed to store and treat water prior to release into the Central Everglades, is an essential source of fresh water for meeting the objectives of the Plan; and (3) the Plan authorizes a 50/50 Federal- State cost share for all aspects of congres-sionally authorized restoration projects, in-cluding water quality project features or components. 
SA 3067. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. E
RNST , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 32, line 4, strike ‘‘$10,850,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$11,017,078,000’’. On page 33, line 20, strike ‘‘$5,988,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$5,820,922,000’’. 
SA 3068. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. K
ENNEDY ) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) ongoing construction of projects that principally benefit urban areas, including rainfall drainage systems that address flood damages, should receive consideration for additional funding; (2) any additional funding described in paragraph (1) is in addition to the budget re-quest submitted to Congress by the Presi-dent; and (3) the projects described in paragraph (1) should not be excluded from consideration for being inconsistent with the policy of the administration. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 2 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 21, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Am-bassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Na-tions for U.N. Management and Re-form, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Re-form, and Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Zimbabwe, all of the Department of State. COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 21, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a business meeting and hearing on the following nominations: Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States District Judge for the District of Maine, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, Department of Justice. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Andrew Hamp-ton, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRANDCHILDREN ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the House message to accompany S. 1091. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1091) entitled ‘‘An Act to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren.’’, do pass with amendments. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion to concur. The motion was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE WEEK OF JUNE 18 THROUGH JUNE 22, 2018, AS NATIONAL GI BILL COM-MEMORATION WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 551 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 551) expressing sup-port for the designation of the week of June 18 through June 22, 2018, as National GI Bill Commemoration Week. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 551) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of June 19, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 25, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, June 25; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 5895 under the previous order. Finally, I ask that the cloture motion filed during today’s ses-sion ripen following disposition of H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN6.027 S21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4352 June 21, 2018 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JUNE 25, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:35 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 25, 2018, at 3 p.m. CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 21, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
JEAN CAROL HOVLAND, OF SOUTH DAKOTA, TO BE COM-MISSIONER OF THE ADMINISTRATION FOR NATIVE AMERICANS, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G21JN6.043 S21JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE881 June 21, 2018 
2018 CONGRESSIONAL AWARD GOLD MEDALISTS 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate this year’s winners of the Congressional Award. With this award, Congress recognizes young Americans who devote their free time to an important activity. It could be taking on a public service project, pursuing a hobby or new skill, starting a physical fitness program, or going on an outdoor expedition. Participants set goals in these areas, and how they do in meeting them determines the level of award they receive. Just as important, they receive the sense of pride that comes with fulfilling a mission. The program, estab-lished in 1979, is a great way to motivate young people to develop the building blocks of good citizenship. At Theodore Roosevelt Island, on the Poto-mac River, there is a quote of his etched on a granite monolith under the word ‘youth’: ‘‘Courage, hard work, self-mastery, and intel-ligent effort are all essential to successful life.’’ The Congressional Award honors those who strive to be part of something bigger than themselves. We share in the pride their fami-lies must feel today. I include in the R
ECORD a list of this year’s Congressional Award Gold Medalists from around the country, including Nikhita Santebennur of Brookfield, Wisconsin. 
2018 C ONGRESSIONAL AWARD GOLDMEDALISTS  Alaska: Garrett Anderson, Tess Hopkin. Arizona: Kitt Bergqvist, Jerry Miao, Ibukun Oluyi, Gala Palavicini, Jerry Zhu. Arkansas: Min Kim. California: Esha Aneja, Gabrielle Bernas, Sangeetha Bharath, Nathan Bierle, Eric Bui, Caelyn Carlson, Sihan Chen, Christine Choi, Selina Chong, Jenna Chu, Soma Chu, Sang Woo Chun, Isaac Chung, Sienna Cowing, Elena Crespo, Hannah Belle Crow, Dylan Esposito, Ishan Gaur, Connor Getz, Alex-andra Gomez, Nikhil Gupta, Emily Guyumjian, Ji Woo Han, Seoyeon Han, Robin Hu, Jonathan Jackson, Kaelyn Jackson, Brianna Jahangiri, Samir Jain, Isabel Jang, Haesung Jee, Chase Jin, Livia Johan, Kaily Johnson, Samuel Jon, Edward H. Jung, Neil Kamdar, Jamie Ann Kana, Michael Kao, Brandon Kim, Emmalyn Kim, Frank Kim, Heewon Stephanie Kim, Julianne Kim, Jus-tin Kim, Justin Jiwook Kim, Kevin Kim, Kyle Kim, Minji Kim, Scott Kim, Suyeon Kim, Madeline Koontz, Larissa Lai, Isabelle Lao-Ngo, Amber Lee, Joseph Lee, Justin Hanvin Lee, Lauren Hope Lee, Melody Lee, Seungmin Lee, Sydney Lee, Yong Min (Na-than) Lee, Chelsea Leung, Matthew Liao, Alexander Lieske, Steven Lim, Luke Lindgren, Kuanting Ling, Raleigh Loughman, Derick Ma, Matthew Macres, Ni-cole Macres, Victoria Macres, Jonathan Mah, Tanya Matthew, Thane Messer, Sofia Miera, Justin Miranda, Joshua Moon, Ze Hyun Moon, Cade Myers, Tiffany Ngan, Brianna Oh, Bryce Palmer-Toy, Charles Park, Chris-tian Park, Christine Park, Daniel Park, Jimin Claire Park, Joon-Ha Park, Matthew Park, Sarah Park, Timothy Park, Blake Peters, Chase Pinkerton, Jagannathan Rangarajan, Landon Reekstin, Robbie Robi-son, Marion Semana, Karina Seth, Jeong Min Si, Francesca Jiyeon Song, Joseph Song, Sydney Song, Gautum Srinivas, Juliane Tsai, Jaime Velasco, Christopher (Caiqi) Wei, Ray William, Rose William, Dylan Wong, Joie Wong, Tifany Wong, Christopher Yoo, Daniel Yoo, David Zou. Colorado: Eric Bear, Evelyn Bodoni, Chase McCleary, Joseph Soto, Nina Vendhan, Kath-erine Wood, Jason Zhang. Connecticut: Paul Peruzzi, Dylan Rispoli, John Wechsler. Delaware: Akhil Rao. Florida: Faiza Ahmed, Walker Atterbury, Ashley Banker, Trusha Bharadwaj, Gina Carvelli, Abhinav Dhulipala, Mark Ellis, Matthew Ewoldt, William Gao, Sapphire Gib-son, Jacob Givoni, James Goetschius, Nathalie Han, Rockwell Howley, Diamond Jackson, Corrigan Kirvin, Jozie Martinez, Sean Myers, Caroline Nolan, Kara Percival, Mulleak Pitts, Margaret Regnery, Ashay Stephen, Nicolas Suarez, Sebastian Suarez, Kiara Watts, Alex Weinstein, Alexis Wil-liams, Alexander Wood. Georgia: Sravya Ambadipudi, Kimberly Beauvais, Caroline Brolly, Sara Carr, Marissa Farrell, Cameron Macdonald, Vani Senthil, Dilan Shah, Julie Street. Guam: Athena McNinch. Idaho: Kalynn Cotton, Anna Rose Cuentas, Ellie Heisey, Breanna Luckey, Zachary McCammon. Illinois: Aayush Agarwal, Rohan Agarwal, Ayse Eldes, Grace Pawelczyk. Indiana: Grace Brown, Kamna Gupta, Viv-ian Wei. Iowa: Luke Schriever. Kansas: Jacqueline Kincaid, Shaunak Lokre, Ariza Nanji, Ethan Onyszchuck, Meghana Pathapati, Aidan Scurato, William Stublen. Kentucky: Anne Boggess, Davis Hale. Maryland: Faith Melinda Burton, Abigail Gerstman, Serheni’te Johnson, Nicole Mei-ster, Anaya Moreland, Sarah Morris, Mat-thew Mu, Angela Wu. Massachusetts: Miranda Fisher, Cameron Friend, Caroline Gilmore, Shahar Hartman, Susanna Klicka, Danielle Purinton, Milena Rogalski, Suvan Shukla, Aiden Snorek- Yates. Michigan: Amanda Coy, Elijah Martineau. Minnesota: Erika Swanson. Mississippi: Jackson Christ, Demi Doty, Shelby Lindsey. Missouri: Claudia Barney, Sophia Barney, Ashley Chiles, Kaelin Dooley, Katheryn El-liott, Zeeshan Khalid, Francesca Mauro, Ra-chel Moore, Josie Moran, Kallista Noel. Nevada: Esra Aydogdu, Akshatha, Narasimhan, Michael Tracy. New Hampshire: Emily Craven, Dana DeMore. New Jersey: Gabriella Alicea, Nishay Bhatnagar, Nora Faverzani, Joshua Geldreich, Zachary Gill, Robert Greeley, Al-exandra Hsueh, Vidhi Jain, Sofia Kwon, Raelynne Miller, Malvika Narayan, Jeremy Nugent, Alexis Oliver, Anthony Olivio, Sakshi Parikh, Sasanka Pitta, Richard Ri-vera, Craig Scharmann, Heli Shah, Riya Shah, Nicolette Traa. New York: Sarah Antonevich, Michael Bender, Kristen Blanchard, Sai Vishudhi Chandrasekhar, Lindsey Chu, Christopher Czarkowski, Julianna Fisher, Thomas Flynn, Thomas Fouts, Rahma Ibrahim, Shreya Krishnan, Priyanka Kumar, Ryan Lawrence, Aman Malhotra, Jakob Matala, Emily Per-kins, Frank Pizzella, Sofija Radulovic, Hruday Rajput, Rebecca Reich, Peter Rotondo, Eric Wiener. North Carolina: Daniel Bonomo, Lucas Bonomo, Laura Bozovich, Nina Christensen, Tyler Eagan, Jonathan Goforth, John Groggel, Tanner Helmick, Cobey Ledford, Kayla Merriweather, Sophia Merriweather, Alexander Ratliff, Bennett Ruff, Jeremiah Stogner, Paul Van Eerden, Hannah Whittington, James Willett. Ohio: Swati Bhageria, Toby Chen, Om Desai, Vismaya Manchaiah, Matthew Joonsung Oh, Dhaivat Pandya, Ganesh Ravela, Blake Swoll, Sarvani Vemuri, Dhira Venkatramani. Oklahoma: Arjun Nanda, Laura Tham. Oregon: Alexiya Lee, Rachel Luther. Pennsylvania: Sophia Boquist, Matthew Hladczuk, Christopher Lee, Jennifer Levito, Justin Yuan. South Carolina: Andrew Lockhart. Tennessee: Greta Kowalski, Allison Plattsmier. Texas: Andrew Aboujaoude, Arshia Batra, Michael Bejarano, Joseph Campbell, Estrella Carbajal, Alex Carter, Aayush Dave, Isabella Davila, Suhani Gadkari, Vanshika Jhonsa, Talon Lewis, Theodore Lewis, Cullen Ma-lone, Martin Montalvo, Akhila Moorthy, Leela Moorthy, Eesha Nayak, Joshua Prochaska, Priya Ramamoorthy, Divya Ramamurthy, Victor Rangel, Brian Seelig, Catherine Seelig, Nivedhitha Selvaraj, An-drew Seto, Kathleen Stephenson, Elizabeth Walker, Ronnie Wilson, Michael Zelewski. Utah: Spencer Baird, Morgan Barron, Jes-sica Herbert, Kate Herbert, Czarina Land, Brady Moon, Eldar Muhic. Vermont: Matthew Germaine. Virginia: Katherine Cinnamon, Matthew Cinnamon, Katherine Craig, Akshay Deverakonda, Brianna DiSanza, Nolan Fitz-simmons, Helen Ganley, Nicole Gray, Mar-garet Kirtley, Neil Kothari, Pranab Krishnan, Carmen Mazyck, Matthew Roca, Benjamin Silverberg, Margaret Thompson, Artemis Veizi, Andrew Zhao. Washington: Gailynn Benjamin, Lauren Champlin, Brooke Chang, Sten Hoffman, Hyun Seo (Christina) Joo, Angela Lin, Emily Mather, Bridget Rowe, Hannah Wadham, Jiayi Wang. West Virginia: Sahil Dave, Alexandria Pot-ter, Christopher Potter, Victoria Potter, Elizabeth Sexton. Wisconsin: Nikhita Santebennur. Wyoming: Alex Aguirre, Abijah Ahern, Shelby Albright, Alexander Allison, Emily Applegate, Tayten Barhaug, Gunner Bart-lett, Dayna Berg, Riley Box, Evelyn Brady, Jaliegah Davis, Danielle DiJohn, Gabriella Dodgson, Adrienne Duda, Connor Gililland, Santana Gould, Mary Harris, SayDree Hen-dricks, Sydney Horton, Adrian Johnson, Ciara Johnson, Kaylee Jones, Logan Jones, Elizabeth Marie Kassel, Sydney Martin, Gin-ger McCormick, Seth Meyer, Elliott Miller, Evan Naughton, Aurora Noe, Aedian O’Con-nor, Micaiah Pantle, Brayden Parker, Samantha Patterson, Noelle Peterson, Daw-son Poste, Rylee Ramsey, Noah Riffee, Alex-andria Isabella Million Rinne, Lindsey Ruiz, Brooklynn Salo, Delaney Schmidt, Sylvia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.001 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE882 June 21, 2018 
Shanklin, Kiara Sims, Sierra Sinclair, Ava-lon Skinner, T. Laine Smith, Stephani Sommer, Meigan Starr, Kesslee Stewart, Sarah Sutton, Lauren Tyson, James Whit-ing, Faith Wright, Bradley Zimmerman, Mikayla Zimmerman. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 BLACK AND GOLD SCHOLARSHIP BALL AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Joyce-Gillespie-Harrington Chari-table and Educational Foundation and the Zeta Upsilon Lambda Chapter of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity on the occasion of their 38th annual Black and Gold Scholarship Ball. Since 1980, these two organizations have made tremendous contributions to promoting academic opportunities for youth in Northern Virginia and in the greater Washington, D.C., metropolitan region. The programs offered by the foundation are vital to the success of our students. This year’s Black and Gold Scholarship Ball will support scholarships for ten college-bound high school students. During the last nineteen years, one-hundred students have received scholarships awarded by the foundation, and have attended some of the top colleges and universities in the country. With the typical col-lege graduate’s debt averaging about $30,000, the foundation’s continued support of these students is absolutely crucial. I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD the following names of the 2018 scholarship win-ners: 
Abderraouf Deghdegh (Lee HS) Adriana Jones (Heritage HS) Alyse Johnson (Herndon HS) Barrington Taylor (McNamara HS) Clarence Brown III (Colgan Sr. HS) Colin Dickens (Edison HS) Dean James (Broad Run HS) Kelcey Parks Jr. (Marshall HS) Kyle Gatesman (TJHSST) Reina Hudspeth (Centreville HS) 
Mr. Speaker, these students represent our country’s next generation of gifted leaders who will have great impact on our society and fu-ture. I thank the Joyce-Gillespie-Harrington Charitable and Education Foundation and the Zeta Upsilon Lambda Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity for their dedicated commit-ment to fostering success in our youth and commend all of the scholarship winners for their academic excellence. I ask that my col-leagues join me in congratulating these tal-ented students and in wishing them great suc-cess in all their future endeavors. 
f 
IN HONOR OF AIRMAN FIRST CLASS BRADLEY G. HALE 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the life and service of Airman First Class Bradley G. Hale and recognize his unwavering dedication to his family, his com-munity, and his country. Bradley was born on April 23, 1997, to Rod-ney and Charla Hale of Houston, Texas. Along with his sister and two brothers, Bradley grew up in Montgomery, Texas, where as a boy he loved to be outside and play baseball. As a young man, Bradley participated in a number of community service projects and was a member of various student organizations, in-cluding the Montgomery High School honor band. Born to a distinguished family of veterans and servicemen, Bradley dreamed of following in their footsteps and serving his country by joining the Armed Forces. In particular, Brad-ley dreamed of flying, so much so that his friends told him he should go work for NASA. In pursuit of his dream, in March of 2016, Bradley enlisted in the United States Air Force. From the start, it was clear that Bradley would excel in the military. During his enlist-ment, Bradley achieved a perfect score on his Armed Service Vocational Aptitude Battery. After completing basic training, Bradley was assigned to the 2nd Aircraft Maintenance Squadron, where he served as an Electronic Warfare Journeyman at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana for one year. Friendly and caring, Bradley endeavored to use his talents to serve others. From his time at Montgomery High School to his service in the Air Force, Bradley always put others be-fore himself. Bradley’s father, Rodney said that ‘‘Bradley was always friendly, had never been in a fight, he was very respectful, and would give the shirt off his back if you asked.’’ His deep love for his family and his country were clearly shown as he used his talents to positively impact the lives of those with whom he served. On March 27, Bradley lost his life while de-ployed on the island of Guam in support of op-erations in Koreas. On April 10, 2018, he was laid to rest at the Houston National Cemetery. Bradley leaves behind his parents, Rodney and Amanda Hale, and Charla Hale and Gary Martin; his siblings, Petty Officer 3rd Class Nicholas Hale, Shane Hale, and Erika Hale; his grandparents, Ronny and Kathy Hale, Mark and Rhonda Andricks, Bill and Bobbie Mercer, Billy and Clara Bland, Eugene Hamann, Lorna Hagen, and Wanda Martin; and his great grandfathers, Lester Bourgeois and Alvin Hamann. While we mourn with Bradley’s family, we also celebrate with them his life, service, and legacy. I am proud to join his family, his friends, and the entire Eighth District of Texas in honoring his life and steadfast devotion and service to the United States of America. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 20, 2018 I missed the following votes and was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 275, YEA on Roll Call No. 276, NAY on Roll Call No. 277, and YAY on Roll Call No. 278. RECOGNIZING THE 2018 BEST OF RESTON AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 27th Annual Best of Reston Awards for Community Service. These awards are the result of collaboration between Cornerstones and the Greater Res-ton Chamber of Commerce, and are pre-sented to individuals, organizations, and busi-nesses whose extraordinary efforts make our community a better place. I have been proud to represent this commu-nity since my days as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. The level of civic engagement celebrated by these awards is a testament to the community spirit of Res-ton. I have often said that civic engagement is a key indicator of a healthy community, and tonight’s event proves that Reston continues to be one of the healthiest communities in all of Northern Virginia. This is due in no small part to the actions of those honored here this evening, and I extend my congratulations to all of tonight’s honorees. I also wish to thank Sara Leonard and Kerrie Wilson of Corner-stones, and Charles Kapur and Mark Ingrao of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for their tireless efforts on behalf of others and in making our community one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the following recipients of the 2018 Best of Reston Awards: 
Marybeth Haneline—Engineering Inclusion and Making an Impact Leslie Kane—Revealing the Beauty of Kindness Northwest Federal Credit Union Founda-tion—Launching Young Lives Terry Redican—Reston’s Coach for all Sea-sons Andy Sigle—Support that Sings SOSi—Serving Those Who Serve The 2018 Vade Bolton-Ann Rodriguez Leg-acy Award—Entrusting Our Community’s Future Recipient: South Lakes High School PTSA Food Pan-try—Food from Heart to Heart 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2018 Best of Reston honorees for their tremendous contributions. I thank Cornerstones and the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for continuing this wonderful tradition, and I express my sincere gratitude to these individuals, businesses, and organizations for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our community. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NEWBORN ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Nationally Enhancing the Wellbeing of Babies through Outreach and Research Now (NEWBORN) Act, a bill I intro-duced earlier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.001 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE883 June 21, 2018 
In Shelby County, Tennessee, there were 123 children who did not make it to their first birthday in 2016. In the United States, our in-fant mortality rate is comparable to countries like Bosnia, Chile, and Cuba, and a recent study found that a child is 76 percent more likely to die before their first birthday in Amer-ica than in 19 other wealthy nations, including Australia, Canada, France, Sweden, Switzer-land and the United Kingdom. More concerning is the racial and ethnic in-fant mortality disparities that continue to exist. In 2015, the rates for infant mortality were over double for black infants compared to white ones. This is unacceptable. That’s why I am intro-ducing the NEWBORN Act. If enacted, the NEWBORN Act would create infant mortality-focused pilot programs in the highest-risk areas of the country. The pilot programs would focus on address-ing one or more of the top five reasons for in-fant mortality: birth defects, preterm birth and low birth weight, sudden infant death syn-drome, maternal pregnancy complications, and injuries to the infant. The NEWBORN Act would specifically en-courage the development of community-spe-cific practices to promote pre-natal care and community outreach and education. The current infant mortality rates are tragic, but good practices can improve health and save lives. I urge my colleagues to help pass this bill. 
f 
SEPARATION OF CHILDREN 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against the awful sit-uation that has transpired over immigration in our country. When President Trump asked Congress to come to a legislative solution over DREAMers in our country, it should never have come to a point where our country no longer treats immigrants with compassion and respect. Families and children should have never come in the cross fire of politics, and our nation should have never witnessed a hu-manitarian crisis on our own land. President Trump, since the beginning of his term, has issued a number of executive orders on immigration, refugees, and border security. These actions include President Trump’s bor-der wall, extreme deportation policies against undocumented immigrants, three bans on ref-ugees and travelers from predominately Mus-lim countries, and a rescission of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). Presi-dent Trump has created fear and uncertainty for many that legally reside in our country, in-cluding thousands of legal immigrants in our district in Houston and Harris County, Texas. Congress has offered several bipartisan legis-lative solutions, including the DREAM Act and the USA Act, but it is the President who re-fuses to work with Congress until all of his un-reasonable demands are met. Today, our chamber is left with only two choices: H.R. 4760 and H.R. 6136. These bills are not only bad policy, but they also only make matters worse. The so-called Securing America’s Future Act, H.R. 4760 offers no path to citizenship for Dreamers, removes pro-tections for all unaccompanied minors, and harms our communities. This bill absolutely fails to help fix actual immigration problems in our country and instead pushes the propa-ganda that immigrants are criminals and a burden to our society. This is false. The 29th District of Texas is home to one of the largest immigrant populations in the country. I have seen with my own eyes how they bring inno-vation, entrepreneurship, and hard work that have been an integral part of making Houston a world-class city. The Border Security and Immigration Re-form Act, H.R. 6136 is being sold as a com-promise, but this is a sham. This bill limits the eligibility criteria for DACA, cutting off most Dreamers and many DACA recipients. For those that will be eligible, this legislation does not guarantee citizenship, as the participants will be pitted against each other in a point sys-tem to obtain permanent residence. The ad-ministration must stop treating Dreamers as pawns—their lives are not ours to play with. The Border Security and Immigration Reform Act will also fund an expensive and arbitrary border wall. Even worse, the problems this legislation seeks to solve, such as family sep-aration, are exacerbated. It will eliminate re-quirements for children in confinement that en-sures they are safe, sanitary, and appropriate for children. In a few months, the President has led our country into a manufactured humanitarian cri-sis. We have mistreated children and family members as they come to our borders seeking asylum. President Donald Trump’s ‘‘zero toler-ance’’ policy is inhumane, cruel and un-Amer-ican. President Trump’s Executive Order on June 20th creates a dangerous situation for the future requiring children to be detained for prolonged periods, resulting in dangers for their health and mental well-being, and there is no solution for over 2,000 children that have already been separated from their parents. Mr. Speaker, I ask Congress to think about the children and families’ lives that we are de-stroying. Many will still not be able to reunite— a travesty that I am sad to say is because of our President. The separation of families has never been an option for any other administra-tion and it is unthinkable that it is a choice today. We must come together to address how to create an immigration system that is humane and honors our nation’s history and traditions. We are America and we must start acting like it. 
f 
HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF LUDLOW UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Ludlow United Methodist Church of Lud-low, Illinois, on the occasion of its 150th anni-versary. Ludlow United Methodist Church was found-ed in 1868 by the Rev. M.L. Kurle and soon thereafter joined the Flagg Circuit. Initially, services were held in nearby schoolhouses. The first church building was dedicated on September 4, 1871. Throughout the years, various additions and remodeling projects took place as the congregation expanded. Cur-rently, the church building is accompanied by an auditorium and parsonage. With an extensive background in missionary work and community engagement, Ludlow United Methodist has impacted many lives for over a century and a half. This historic church proudly maintains its legacy of service to its congregants and neighbors, and I hope that it continues that legacy. Mr. Speaker, I commend Ludlow United Methodist Church for this important milestone, and I wish it and its Pastor, Reverend Fred Sistler, the very best as they celebrate the church’s 150th anniversary. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2017–2018 PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS NOMINEES FOR THE PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2017–2018 Prince William County Public Schools nominees for the Prin-cipal of the Year Award. Principals who meet the criteria for the award are those who effectively manage, demonstrate, and encourage creativity and in-novation, foster cooperation between the school and community by maintaining an open dialogue with students, parents, faculty, and staff, and exemplify commitment to providing a quality education for all students to learn and develop. The selected winner will be named the Prince William County Principal of the Year. As the second largest school division in the Commonwealth of Virginia, Prince William County Public Schools educates 90,000 stu-dents in ninety-eight schools, including sixty elementary schools, sixteen middle schools, twelve high schools, one Governor’s school, three special education schools, one nontradi-tional school, two traditional schools, two spe-cial site schools, and one K–8 school. I extend my personal congratulations to the following 2017–2018 Prince William County nominees for Principal of the Year Award: Andrew Buchheit, T. Clay Wood Elementary School Robert Eichorn, New Directions (Independ-ence Nontraditional School) Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending the nominees for 2017– 2018 Principal of the Year Award in Prince William County, and in thanking them for their dedication and leadership to the students, teachers, and faculty to ensure a bright future for all who pass through the doors of their schools. Their continued service is truly com-mendable and worthy of the highest praise. I thank them for ensuring our Prince William County students are provided a world-class education in a vibrant learning community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.004 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE884 June 21, 2018 
TRIBUTE TO MARY K. SHELL 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to the late Mary Kath-erine Shell, a community leader from Bakers-field, California. Mary served as the Mayor of Bakersfield from 1981 to 1985, and later as a member of the Kern County Board of Super-visors from 1985 to 1997. A trailblazing force in Kern County, Mary K. Shell passed away last week at the age of 91. Born in Bakersfield, Mary graduated from East Bakersfield High School before attending Bakersfield College. Her future in public serv-ice was forged at a young age during con-versations with her father, who encouraged her as a child to read the newspaper, be civic- minded, and to involve herself in the issues that impacted her community. A keen reader of the news, it was no coincidence that Mary found herself working for the Bakersfield Cali-fornian during World War II, covering home- front war stories and Kern County’s rapidly- growing agricultural industry. With much of the Californian’s workforce serving overseas in the war, Mary balanced an incredible workload, often finding herself immersed in Bakersfield’s policy-making dis-cussions, learning and covering topics that would mold her into a city leader herself. Out-side of her writing, Mary continued to push herself in other fields, working as a secretary for Skyway Associates at the old La Cresta Airfield and even receiving her pilot’s license. She would further her career in journalism working for the Bakersfield News Bulletin in 1965, first as a reporter, and later as editor until 1969. In 1972, she was awarded the Ex-cellence in Reporting Award from the Cali-fornia Trial Lawyers Association for her work at Capitol News Service, and in 1975 was awarded the California Taxpayers Reporting Award for articles published in the Los Ange-les Herald. While she loved politics, Mary never once viewed herself as a politician. It took the gentle encouragement of her loving husband, Joe Shell, to inspire her to run to be Bakers-field’s mayor in 1979. Mary won in a competi-tive field of candidates to become Bakers-field’s first female mayor in 1980. Upon her election, Shell immediately set out to improve the quality of life of Bakersfield, launching the still-active Beautiful Bakersfield Committee to inspire pride in the Bakersfield community. She commissioned the creation of a city flag, helped establish the annual city prayer break-fast, established one of the first Vietnam War memorials in Bakersfield, and brought back the annual downtown Christmas Parade, which is still a fixture of the Bakersfield Christ-mas season. After serving a full term as Bakersfield mayor, Shell successfully ran in 1984 to rep-resent Kern County’s 5th Supervisorial District. She dedicated her three terms as a county su-pervisor to reducing government overregula-tion and advocating for policies that minimized the waste of taxpayers’ money. Mary estab-lished herself in the boardroom as a con-sensus-builder, garnering support from both sides of the political spectrum for her straight talk and her relentless love for the community she represented. Above all else, Mary never stopped acting as a one of our city’s staunch-est advocates, remaining just as civically en-gaged outside of politics as she was as an elected official. Mary K. Shell was, and will always be, a community icon in Bakersfield. A renaissance woman of her era, she defined to generations of Kern County residents what it meant to be a public servant—someone who listened to the needs of her constituents and acted tire-lessly, fearlessly, yet graciously, to address the needs of our communities. Over her life, Mary inspired many, and I am confident that she leaves behind a legacy that will inspire countless others to public service. I extend my deepest condolences to her children, her grandchildren, and a community that will miss her dearly. It could be said that Mary K. Shell ‘‘did it all’’ in her life, and I am inclined to agree. Bakersfield will not soon forget her. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO TLC PROP-ERTIES ON ITS 30TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the 30th anniversary of TLC Properties. TLC Properties was founded in 1988 in Springfield, Missouri, by Sam and Carol Coryell, and to this day, remains a family owned and operated business. Priding them-selves on this fact, Mr. and Mrs. Coryell’s three sons, Sam Jr., Daniel and David, play an important role in the company and its suc-cesses. The Coryell’s business brilliance and persistence has allowed TLC Properties to grow from just one rental house in eastern Springfield, to more than 3,000 apartments across 20 different communities. TLC Properties’ strong apartment networks have enabled the company to address its cli-ents’ various needs and residential concerns. This company was founded on principles of strong character, service, teamwork, excel-lence, humility and gratitude. I believe that the company’s track record has demonstrated that these values have consistently been upheld. TLC Properties motto is, ‘‘do unto others as you would have others do unto you.’’ Whether it’s at the corporate level or the property level, TLC strives to uphold this motto by offering the best product at the best price. I must commemorate TLC Properties for its three decades of quality housing, and encour-age others from our beautiful 7th District of Missouri to live by TLC Properties’ values. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOB COX’S HEROIC ACTIONS ON CAPITOL HILL 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroic actions of Bob Cox on Capitol Hill earlier this year. While on vacation with his family in our nation’s cap-ital, Bob, a constituent of New York’s 27th Dis-trict, aided a Capitol Hill employee that abrupt-ly collapsed. If not for his quick thinking, the outcome could have been much worse for the employee. Due to his heroism, Bob will receive the Life Saving Award from a representative of the U.S. Capitol Police. This honor rightfully ac-knowledges Bob’s exemplary act at our na-tion’s capital earlier this year. The selfless medical service that he provided is truly com-mendable. As a registered nurse and trained EMT, he has undoubtedly played a part in making our community a better place to live and raise a family. Again, congratulations to Bob on his recent recognition by the U.S. Capitol Police, and I thank him for all he has done. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 FAIRFAX COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This is the 40th Annual Valor Awards spon-sored by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This event honors the remarkable heroism and bravery in the line of duty exem-plified by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will present ninety-one awards to recognize extraordinary actions above and be-yond the call of duty in a variety of categories, including the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certifi-cate of Valor, and the Bronze and Silver Medal of Valor. Seven members of the Fairfax County Sher-iff’s Office are being honored this year for their exceptional service. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the names of the following Valor Award Recipients: 
Bronze Medal of Valor: Second Lieutenant Georgi Hovhannisyan Sergeant Brandon Pitts Private First Class Andrew Foxwell Correctional Health Nurse Deborah Kurylo Certificate of Valor: First Lieutenant Jonathan Ortiz Master Deputy Sheriff Jeffery Waple Private First Class Laurence Kim 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2018 Valor Award Recipients, and thank all of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County Sheriff’s Office. Their efforts, made on behalf of the citizens of our community, are selfless acts of heroism and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in ap-plauding this group of remarkable citizens. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.007 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE885 June 21, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 5687—the SOUND Disposal and Packaging Act (Roll Call No. 269), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ This bill would require the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve packaging and dis-posal methods for certain drugs. Additionally, had I been present for the vote on H.R. 5676—the SENIOR Communities Pro-tection Act of 2018 (Roll Call No. 270), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ This bill would authorize Medicare prescription drug plans and MA-PD plans to suspend payments to pharmacies pending investigations of credible allegations of fraud. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAJOR GENERAL PETER JOHNSON 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, South Carolinians appreciate the service of Major General John P. ‘‘Pete’’ Johnson, the 50th Commander of the U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson in Columbia, South Carolina. Since taking command in June 2016, Maj. Gen. Pete Johnson has supervised numerous changes and improvements to the installation. Prior to serving at the U.S. Army Training Center and Fort Jackson, Maj. Gen. Johnson served in principal staff leadership positions, joint service positions and has commanded troops from Company through Brigade and the Combined Joint Task Force-levels, including several combat tours, to include: Operations Enduring/Iraqi Freedom in Afghanistan and Iraq, Operation Provide Comfort, Iraq and Op-eration Just Cause, Panama. Additionally, his notable command assign-ments include: Deputy Commanding General for Operations, 25th Infantry Division, Schofield Barracks, Hawaii; Commander, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Divi-sion, Fort Campbell, Kentucky and Operation Enduring Freedom, Afghanistan. Upon his de-parture from Fort Jackson, he will become the Deputy Commanding General for United States Army Pacific (USARPAC), at Fort Shafter, Hawaii. Best wishes to Major General Johnson and his wife Sheila as they embark on this new chapter. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 FAIRFAX COUNTY VOLUNTEER SERVICE AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Volunteer Fairfax and ex-press my sincere appreciation to recipients of the 26th Annual Fairfax County Volunteer Service Awards. Established more than 40 years ago, Volun-teer Fairfax matches the skills and interests of thousands of volunteers with the needs of local non-profit organizations. The success of this model and its impact on delivery of need-ed services is beyond question, as Volunteer Fairfax has been rated as one of the most ef-fective community service organizations in the nation. Last year alone, over 6,000 individuals con-tributed more 328,000 volunteer hours, totaling almost $8,000,000. These staggering numbers are a testament to the strong ethos of public service and of volunteerism that exists in Fair-fax County, and is one of the many reasons why this community is such a wonderful place to live. Each year, Volunteer Fairfax selects a few exceptional individuals, groups, or organiza-tions to receive special recognition. It is my great pleasure to include in the RECORD the following names of the 2018 Fairfax County Volunteer Service Awards honorees: 
Community Champions: Braddock District: Joanne Walton Dranesville District: William Pickens Hunter Mill District: May Bernhardt Lee District: Ed Joseph Mason District: Community Labor Force Mount Vernon District: Shirley Steenstra Providence District: Tysons Partnership Springfield District: Tom Bash Sully District: Glynda Mayo Hall At-Large: Charles Fegan Competitive Award Winners: Adult 250 Hours and Over: Marco Johnson Adult 250 Hours and Under: Jerry Dykstra Adult Volunteer Group: PRS CareRing Volunteers Corporate Volunteer Group: Fannie Mae Fairfax County Volunteer: Walter Jackson Fairfax County Volunteer Program: CERT Family Volunteer: Rev. Morris and Polley Hargrove Lifetime Achievement: Richard Alderson Rising Star: Josh Stillman RSVP Northern Virginia: Ken Kozloff Senior Volunteer: Jim Dillon Volunteer Program: ECHO Youth Volunteer: Racheal Appiah Youth Volunteer Group: Stony Brook Jr. Volunteers 
In addition, Benchmark Honors will be awarded in four different categories to com-mend those who have contributed 100, 250, 500, or 1,000 hours of volunteer time to our community. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending Volunteer Fairfax for its decades of outstanding community service. I congratulate the recipients of the 2018 Fairfax County Volunteer Service Awards, and thank them and the thousands of other local volun-teers for their incredible contributions to our community. Their selfless dedication is worthy of our highest praise, and is one of the main reasons that our community is often ranked as one of the best places in the country to live, work, and raise a family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FRANK AND BETTIE BARBER 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Frank and Bettie Barber of Lloyd. Since 1998, the Barbers volunteer their work-ing ranch in the Bearpaw Mountains to host the Bear Paw Bowmen Archery Club’s annual Barber Ranch Two-Day Archery Shoot. Last weekend marked the competition’s 20th anni-versary. Hundreds of archers spread out over dif-ferent courses throughout the Barbers’ ranch during the event. The competition ends with a community dinner. Proceeds support local causes. Last year, funds from the Barber Ranch Two-Day Arch-ery Shoot helped local volunteer fire depart-ments following the devastating East Fork Fire in the Bearpaw Mountains. Beyond their involvement in their local hunt-ing community, the Barbers established a col-lege scholarship. Since 2009, the Frank and Bettie Barber Scholarship has awarded more than $9,000 to Montana State University- Northern agriculture students. Contributions from the Barbers benefit a growing number of students and create further opportunities for agricultural education in Montana. Frank, a retired Marine, and Bettie, the daughter of a career Navy veteran, are also well known for their love of our country. For their dedication to their community, commitment to agriculture scholarship, and generosity, I recognize Frank and Bettie Bar-ber of Lloyd for representing the spirit of Mon-tana. f 
EDWARD DONAHUE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Edward ‘‘Bud’’ Donahue, for his dedi-cated service to the United States Army. He is a resident of Deptford Township located in the New Jersey’s First Congressional District. Mr. Donahue enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1965, and trained as a Voice and Morse Code Radio Operator in Fort Jackson South Caro-lina. Upon graduating Radio school in 1965, he was assigned to the 1st Battalion 5th Cav-alry, 1st Cavalry Division, in Vietnam as a Radio Operator. While assigned to the 1st Cavalry, Mr. Donahue received many honors; the Combat Infantry Badge (CIB), Air Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Vietnam Cam-paign Medal with 3 Bronze Stars, and the Vietnam Service Medal. Mr. Donahue was reassigned in 1966 to the 7th Army, 4th Battalion 44th Artillery in Ger-many, and a mobile Pershing Missile unit. He was promoted to Platoon Sergeant of the Communications Platoon. Mr. Donahue was a Sergeant (E5) in a Master Sergeant (E8) slot; Radio Teletype, Long Range Voice Radio, Message Center, and Crypto Programming. He was later tested and received a high pro-ficiency rating. On May 20, 1968, Mr. Donahue was sepa-rated from active duty at Fort Dix New Jersey, placed on inactive reserves, and received an Honorable Discharge on May 31, 1971. Mr. Donahue returned to Philadelphia to marry his childhood sweetheart on September 6, 1969. He and his wife moved to Deptford in 1970 and have been here ever since. They now have 3 sons, 10 grandchildren, and 2 great grandchildren. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.010 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE886 June 21, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, Edward ‘Bud’ Donahue is an exceptional member of the community. I ask you to join me in honoring the service of Mr. Edward Donahue. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on June 15, 2018—I was not present for roll call votes 267 to 268 as I was required to be in Connecticut for a memorial service. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: Nay on roll call vote 267; and Nay on roll call vote 268. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WAYNE ALTERISIO 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great pride and ad-miration for Mr. Wayne Alterisio, and I offer my sincere thanks to him for his years of serv-ice to our state as the former President of the New Hampshire Letter Carriers Association. Through his work with the New Hampshire AFL–CIO, the ‘Stamp Out Hunger’ Food Drive and the Nashua Central Labor Council, Wayne has made meaningful contributions to our community and our state. It is Granite Staters like Wayne who make New Hampshire such an incredibly special place to live, work, and raise a family. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District, I thank Wayne again for his distinguished public service, and I wish him the best. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on June 20, 2018, I was unavoidably detained due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 272; YEA on Roll Call No. 273; YEA on Roll Call No. 274; NAY on Roll Call No. 275; and YEA on Roll Call No. 276. 
f 
JOHN T. MARGIE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor United States Marine Corps Combat veteran, Mr. John T. Margie of Deptford Town-ship in New Jersey’s First Congressional Dis-trict. Mr. Margie was born in Wilkes-Barre, Penn-sylvania. In September 1948, he trained for three months at the MCRD, Parris Island, South Carolina. After completing his training, he then entered an infantry exercise on the USS Worcester in the Mediterranean Sea. In June of 1950, when North Korea invaded South Korea, Mr. Margie, along with his fellow soldiers, shipped abroad to the Suez Canal, South China Sea, Japan and Korea; contrib-uting to the decisive battle of the Korean War, the ‘‘Battle of Chosin Reservoir’’. After serving overseas, Corporal Margie be-came a Marine Recruiter in Defiance, Ohio, receiving the title of ‘‘Outstanding Recruiter of the Year’’. While transporting new recruits to Parris Island, he contracted Polio; however, with support from the U.S. Navy doctors, nurses and his family, he remarkably regained the ability to move. Upon retirement, Mr. Margie received nu-merous awards including, the Legion of Honor, the New Jersey Volunteer of the Year Award, National Shipmate of the Year, Fleet Reserve Association award, the Human Goals award, the Commanders Naval Sea System Com-mand award, and the Deptford Citizen of the Year award. Following his formal service to the United States Armed Forces, Mr. Margie’s contribu-tions continued. He served as Co-Founder of the Semper Fidelis Detachment, Marine Corps League, Wenonah American Legion, VFW, Disabled American Veterans, the Fleet Re-serve Association, and the Chosin Few; an or-ganizations former for survivors of the Chosin Reservoir Battle of 1950. Mr. John T. Margie is an honorable Amer-ican, having served our great nation in a time of war, and merits our collective appreciation. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in saluting John T. Margie for his heroism, his sacrifice in the Korean War, and his service to the United States of America. f 
HALL OF FAME—NAPLES ZOO 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Naples Zoo on its recent induction into the Trip Advisor Hall of Fame. The Naples Zoo earned this designation after receiving five consecutive annual ‘Certifi-cates of Excellence’ from Trip Advisor. Main-taining such an impressive record is no small feat, and requires a relentless commitment to quality customer service. An excellent visitor experience is a top priority of the staff at the Zoo, and their devotion to providing the best possible visit to the guest is indicative of the welcoming spirit present throughout Naples. I am proud to recognize the Naples Zoo for its achievement, and gladly point to it as an-other shining example of the strong tourist ap-peal of Southwest Florida. EULOGY FOR J. BRIAN GAFFNEY HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to include in the R
ECORD , a eulogy of J. Brian Gaffney. Brian was an exceptional man, devoted to his family, his community New Britain, his state of Connecticut, his Na-tion, and of course Notre Dame. The world of politics where Brian and many of his peers came of age in was a world where loyalty was, and still is, a tremendous value. At his funeral service, the outpouring of the community had to be heartwarming for his beautiful and gracious wife, Mary Lou, and the entire Gaffney family. As they embraced a grateful public, the stories, the respect and the Irish humor were ever present, just what Brian would have wanted. I knew Brian but felt a special kinship to him from the stories told by Jay Malcynsky, his daughter Alicia, and his son-in-law Fritz. Brian was the kind of man that when he held court, you wanted a front row seat to hear him. It’s hard to capture the impact, the complexity of a man and his expansive influ-ence. It was done in exceptional form by former Republican Chairman Chris Healy. His remarks, his candor, his insights were the talk of the wake and captured the essence of a great American. 
‘‘John Brian Gaffney had as big and color-ful a ride as any Connecticut politician over the last 60 years. He made New Britain a Re-publican town, he served locally and at the state Capitol, orchestrated the rise of a Con-gressman and then Governor, knew Presi-dents by name, ruled like a true state Party chairman, practiced law, raised six children with his wife of 5 years, Mary Louise, and got in lots of golf at Shuttle Meadow. Gaffney left this earth at age 85 this past week and with it a record for the ages during a time where honor, loyalty and laughter were the currency of the political realm. He was a New Britain guy, through and through and never lost his bearings about the impor-tant things—friendship, family and loyalty. His life reads like a novel by Edwin O’Con-nor—a graduate of Notre Dame University and Fordham Law School, who joined the family law practice and apprenticed in the close quarter combat of Hardware City poli-tics. Thomas J. Meskill, also a local lawyer, who was tagged by one columnist during the day as all ‘‘Irish Fight’’ lured Gaffney into running for the Board of Alderman when he took another shot at the Mayor’s office. They both won and within eight years, they had lined themselves up to take on the formidable Democrat machine, led by John Bailey, a former National Democrat chair-man and merciless operator by which all oth-ers were measured. Meskill and Gaffney proved more than up for the task at hand, hardened by their City Hall experience. Once, Mayor Meskill had city police haul recalcitrant Democrat Al-dermen back to a meeting when they walked out to deny him a quorum. By late 1969, Gaffney’s plate was full and overflowing. He had a part-time job doing Congressional field work for Meskill, prac-ticed law, helped Paul Manafort Sr. hold the Mayor’s office, had a seat in the state House representing the 29th District and chaired the local town committee. Democrats had owned the governor’s man-sion since 1955 and 1970 would be the first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.007 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE887 June 21, 2018 
election after Richard Nixon’s close Presi-dential win. The seat was open but there were some divisions in the Democrat ranks, particularly for the U.S. Senate race where a liberal challenger, Rev. Joseph Duffy chal-lenged a wounded incumbent Thomas Dodd, the latter who ran as an independent can-didate. The 1968 riots had scared many Con-necticut cities, frightening suburban voters while the Vietnam War had divided Bailey Democrats from the growing Left. Gaffney got the word out that Congress-man Meskill would be willing to run for the top job and started beating the drums. But there was strong competition in State Sen-ate Minority Leader Wallace ‘‘Wally’’ Barnes of Bristol and state Sen. T. Clark Hull of Danbury. Meskill won the convention, watched the well-oiled delegates pick Hull as his running mate and avoided a primary. Bailey called Meskill ‘‘Tough Tommy’’ a moniker any Republican at that time would gratefully accept. If Meskill was the champ, Gaffney his corner man, fixing the cuts, wip-ing the sweat and telling his man to get back in and finish it. Meskill recruited and at-tracted a deep bench of young, eager Repub-lican operatives—known as the Kiddie Corps.—including two who themselves would become state Party chairmen, legislators, power brokers, lobbyists and gifted players at the game. They were hungry and eager— and Gaffney put them to work. The Corps organized at the local level while Gaffney cajoled local GOP leaders, kept Meskill on a Conservative message of smaller government, less spending and busi-ness-friendly policies. In those days, patron-age wasn’t an obscenity and he used it appro-priately as an effective incentive. Nixon and Vice President Spiro Agnew made personal appearances, including a famous parade through the streets of Hartford. After Meskill defeated U.S. Rep. Emilio Q. ‘‘Mim’’ Daddario and U.S. Rep. Lowell P. Weicker, Jr., defeated Sen. Dodd and Duffy, Gaffney was rewarded with the state Party chairmanship. In two years, Nixon’s 49-state landslide would sweep Republicans into com-plete power in the legislature. As Meskill governed, Gaffney made sure it ran as smoothly as possible. In March 1974, everything that went well in 1972 turned upside down. With Watergate in full bloom and an urge to return to law, Meskill announced he would not seek a sec-ond term. While some blamed a freak ice storm that Meskill was slow to appreciate while out of state on vacation, the national storm clouds were darkening rapidly. When Republicans nominated Bob Steele, Gaffney stepped down as chairman. In October, Meskill appointed Gaffney to the bench over the protestations of the Con-necticut Bar Association. Gov. Ella Grasso didn’t reappoint him three months later, so Gaffney went back to law. In 1984, he and George Bennett formed Gaffney-Bennett and Associates. State lob-bying was expanding at a rapid clip and along with a young Jay Malcynsky, also a New Britain lad, they came up with a win-ning formula of contract lobbying handled by both lobbyists from both Parties. Every significant Republican over the last so years coveled or depended on Gaffney’s counsel or high sign—Nancy Johnson, Stew-art McKinney, Weicker and John G. Rowland not to mention scores of others who never measured up. Almost to the end of his storied life, Gaffney kept his hand in the game, as hon-orary chairman of statewide campaigns for Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, dele-gating to a new group of operatives and mak-ing sure the vote got out. Even as he spent more time on his short game and his grand-children, Gaffney would pick up the phone to call a Republican insider to find out what was going on—who was up, who was down and who the next up and comer was. Like anyone in the game that long, Gaffney made his share of enemies who felt he hadn’t been straight with them or was ex-pedient in his relationships No one’s street is always clean, but most of those who com-plained the loudest were masking their own failures and looking for a convenient excuse to explain their defeat. I enjoyed my chairman-to-chairman con-versations with Gaffney, who always re-turned the ‘‘Mr. Chairman’’ salutation with-out hesitation. He knew how to work people and I was as thrilled as anyone to hear it. When we would share a timeless frustration that all chairmen have endured, he would let out a loud roaring laugh only the Irish can muster. In going through the clips, I noticed a pro-file done by Hartford Courant report Michelle Jaklin, who quoted why a long-time Conservative GOP operative was supporting George H.W. Bush for President in 1988 and not her previously preferred choice of Jack Kemp or Pierre ‘‘Pete’’ Dupont. ‘‘Because Brian Gaffney asked me to,’’ she replied. ‘‘Any loyally you give Brian, you get back in spades. People have been with him for years and years.’’ Gaffney represented a time when Demo-crats and Republicans would beat each other senseless but when the whistle sounded, they picked each other up, wiped away the blood, picked up the loose teeth and went to have a cold one to make sense of it all. He loved the game, the competition and the people up and down the line who made politics serious and fun, and he did it by liv-ing by a code that put a high premium on being true to yourself and others in the fox-hole. Gaffney knew how to use power during a time when you could. By the late 1980’s, the role of the state Party had shifted to one of communication, back office and training. It no longer held the cards to make candidates, reward friends and punish the wicked. He was an Irish warlord, but with a sense of humor. His passing is the final chapter of a bygone era—for good or bad—but one that worked.’’ 
It is my hope that the eulogy by Chris Healy will have future congressional scholars or those who peruse the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD understanding the rich life and con-tribution of J. Brian Gaffney. The whole Con-necticut delegation joins me in honoring Brian and extends our sincere condolences to the Gaffney Family. 
f 
HUMAN RIGHTS CONCERNS IN SRI LANKA 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we held a hearing on human rights concerns in Sri Lanka. The Sri Lankan civil war ended almost 10 years ago this May. The 25-year war cost an estimated 100,000 lives and displaced hundreds of thousands more. The civil war was a brutal ethnic conflict be-tween the majority Sinhalese and minority Tamils; both sides—the Sri Lankan Armed Forces and the rebel ‘‘Tamil Tigers’’—have been credibly accused of unimaginable war crimes. To this day, justice for many of the victims remains elusive. Although many observers hoped that the reformist government of Presi-dent Sirisena would increase access to justice, focus on human rights, emphasize trans-parency and accountability, and improve the rule of law, his administration has been criti-cized for having an inadequate response. De-spite having run on a platform of ethnic rec-onciliation, President Sirisena has done little to mend the ties between the groups, and the political polarization has increased among both ethnic groups. As one of our experts, J.S. Tissainayagam, attested, there has been no progress on hold-ing those responsible for war crimes to ac-count. And he will describe forced disappear-ances of Tamils and torture were endemic during the war. Much of this was facilitated by the draconian Prevention of Terrorism Act, or the PTA. The PTA has yet to be repealed, and is still in use by the government and security forces. Whereas most Tamils nowadays sim-ply desire some semblance of self-governance and federalism, their areas in the north and eastern part of the island are increasingly mili-tarized. A concerning development in Sri Lanka is the resurgence of Sinhalese Buddhist nation-alism. As one of our expert witnesses, Dr. Mi-chael Jerryson, described, this particularly vir-ulent strand of nationalism preaches exclusion of other ethnic and religious minorities, with Buddhist fundamentalists in groups such as the BBS saying ‘‘This is not a multi-religious country. This is a Sinhalese country.’’ What of the minority groups, such as the predominantly Hindu Tamils, then? Or the Muslims, who constitute a distinct minority, or the Christians, who can be either be Sinhalese or Tamil? If the character of Sri Lanka is sole-ly Buddhist and Sinhala, there is little room for these ethnic and religious minorities to thrive, and reconciliation will remain a far off goal. Unfortunately, the trend is heading in the opposite direction—in local elections in Feb-ruary of this year, a newly formed Buddhist nationalist party gained 45 percent of the vote, beating the government coalition combined. Furthermore, in March of this year, Sinhalese mobs engaged in an anti-Muslim pogrom after a local dispute, forcing the President to de-clare a state of emergency. Sri Lanka’s stability is of critical importance to the United States national interests. Strate-gically located in the sea-lanes linking the Per-sian Gulf to East Asia, this island-nation has seen a spike in recent activity by the Chinese. China’s strategy globally is one of indebting countries and binding them in servitude so it can extract resources, so it is safe to say that Beijing’s initiatives will not emphasize ethnic reconciliation and/or human rights. This pre-sents the United States with an opportunity to stand up for justice and the rule of law and to oppose China’s malign influence. After a brutal war that cost an unconscion-able loss of life, we must do better to help Sri Lanka get on the right page again. The coun-try has promise and the people deserve bet-ter. Once all sides recognize this, this island- nation will finally have some semblance of peace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.010 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE888 June 21, 2018 
CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Lance Tanner, who was chosen by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Congress of Fu-ture Medical Leaders. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to be physicians or medical scientists. These stu-dents are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into medical research fields or be physi-cians, and provides a path, plan, and men-toring resources to help them reach their goal. During the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from leaders in the med-ical field as well as government officials, top medical school deans, leaders from the private sector, and even Nobel laureates. This student’s acceptance to this prestigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader. Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of physicians and medical scientists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the medical field. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations and best wishes to Lance Tanner. 
f 
H.R. 4079, THE RESTORE ACT OF 2017 
HON. COLLIN C. PETERSON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my disappointment that the House failed to consider H.R. 4079, the RESTORE Act of 2017, both this and last week. Further, Republican Leadership refused to allow de-bate or a vote on my bipartisan amendment to attach the legislation to H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. Two years ago, the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015 passed unanimously in both the House and the Senate and was signed into law. Members were led to believe that the measure was non- controversial and would help patients secure pain medications. Instead, a joint investigation by ‘‘60 Min-utes’’ and the Washington Post appears to confirm that the legislation has limited the DEA’s ability to suspend a pharmaceutical dis-tributor’s license and shipments if they pose an imminent danger to public health and safe-ty. The RESTORE Act of 2017 would fully re-peal the Ensuring Patient Access and Effec-tive Drug Enforcement Act of 2015 and restore the DEA’s authority to carry out needed en-forcement actions to combat the opioid epi-demic. Although many of the bills recently passed by the House were bipartisan and took incre-mental steps toward addressing substance abuse, they did not equip the DEA with the authority that it needs to keep our commu-nities safe and healthy. I urge Republican Leadership to reconsider this issue and allow the Restore Act of 2017 to be brought to the floor as soon as possible. f 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY AND COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM JOINT HEARING ON OVERSIGHT OF THE FBI AND DOJ ACTIONS IN ADVANCE OF THE 2016 ELEC-TION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the implications of the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform Joint Hearing on the FBI and DOJ Actions in Advance of the 2016 Election. The Report of the Department of Justice’s Inspector General regarding these actions does not vindicate the President or conclude that the Trump Campaign did not collude with Russians to influence the outcome of the 2016 election. Nothing in this report changes the fact on March 31, 2016, Mr. Trump met with George Papadopoulos at Trump Tower. This is significant because as we speak, Paul Manafort, the chairman of the Trump Campaign, sits in jail as an indicted money launderer, and an unregistered agent of a for-eign government. Donald Trump is the first sitting president in history whose campaign chairman spent his time behind bars during his own presidential administration. But Manafort is not the only member of the Trump Campaign staff indicted or to have pleaded guilty to felonies arising out of the Russia investigation. He is joined by Michael Flynn, former Na-tional Security Advisor; Rick Gates, Deputy Campaign Chairman; and George Papadopouls. Now that we have discussed what is not present in this report, we can turn to what is included. This report is clearly the product of attention to detail as well as a commitment to sharing with the American people information about the FBI’s investigation into Secretary Hillary Clinton’s emails in the days, weeks and months leading to the 2016 election. I have spent the last few days studying this report which is comprehensive and answers a lot of questions that the American people have about the election. I would like to acknowledge that I take a back seat to no one when it comes to stand-ing up for law enforcement—they do a difficult job under difficult circumstances. But I cannot help but notice some glaring things about this report. The report concludes that while political bias was apparent in the atmosphere leading up to the 2016 election, political bias was not influ-ential in individual decisions which were made. There exist some operative dates and facts relevant to this inquiry that might cause some Americans to question that conclusion. First, the announcement by the Inspector General’s office that it would be conducting its investigation occurred on January 12, 2017, one week after then-President-elect Trump was briefed by the Intelligence Community about the existence of the FBI’s counterintel-ligence investigation into Russian attempts to meddle into the 2016 election. Many Americans will find this timing very troubling. Second, in Chapter 7 of the report, the In-spector General cites all the reasons for con-cluding that Secretary Clinton did not break the law or have any basis to conclude that she broke the law for her use of a private server. So it was the Inspector General office’s find-ing that while it did not make any pronounce-ment on whether the decision was correct, it did say that the decision not to take any action was reasonable, and grounded in the law, facts and applicable DOJ precedent. Moreover, the decision to on one hand de-cline prosecution, but on the other to edito-rialize Secretary Clinton’s behavior as ex-tremely careless, appears to be a political de-cision and one that had the foreseeable effect of harming Hillary Clinton and helping Donald Trump. The month-long delay between the dis-covery of additional emails, in late September 2016, and the public announcement of this fact, on October 28, 2016, had the foresee-able effect of harming Secretary Clinton and helping Trump. Secretary Clinton’s campaign was not the subject of a federal counterintelligence inves-tigation by our nation’s law enforcement. But the same is not true with respect to the Trump Campaign, which was under investiga-tion for colluding with a hostile foreign power to influence the outcome of the 2016 election. So, millions of Americans are left with pain-ful realization that there was actually a pretty persistent double standard in favor of Trump and prejudicial to Clinton. Under these circumstances, it is reasonable for Americans to conclude that Secretary Clin-ton was the victim of a double standard. When the IG’s Report was released, the president indicated that this report was a total vindication of him and his campaign in the election. In fact, nothing in this report exonerates the Trump Campaign of colluding with the Rus-sians. This is because the IG office did not inves-tigate any aspect of the Russian government’s interference in the 2016 election. One of the concerns the Report had with leaks is both the total universe of people privy to information, and the fact that guidelines about talking to the press were often flouted. In that section, the Report references the improper disclosure of non-public information specifically as it relates to October 2016—and we seem to have a concern that the weeks that passed between the initial discovery of emails on the Weiner laptop led to their public disclosure in part because DOJ management was concerned that the information would leak anyhow. In fact, we have documented reports of Rudy Giuliani going on Fox News and claim-ing to have information about this very subject. Both in the Executive Summary and in the body of your report, leaks from April 2016 and October 2016 are cited. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K21JN8.012 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE889 June 21, 2018 
The Clinton campaign was the principal sub-ject of these leaks and was harmed by these leaks. We know this because the FBI did not start its counterintelligence investigation of Trump until late July 2016 and we know through this report that a major portion of the investigation was the leaks from New York through October 2016. At the conclusion of the report, the IG’s of-fice lists a series of recommendations that it believes the FBI should follow when it comes to lessons learned from this saga. One of them is ensuring a uniform system of ensuring that only those with the authority to speak on a topic do so. This is the first of many steps needed to en-sure the errors of this oversight of the FBI and DOJ are not repeated in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DYLAN LINCH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dylan Linch of Creston Community High School. Dylan was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Sixteenth An-nual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa High School was invited to select a senior with the highest academic ranking. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Dylan Linch in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud him for utilizing his talents to reach his goals. I invite my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Dylan on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing him the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize two high school students who were chosen by the National Academy of Future Scientists and Technologists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Con-gress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. These students are Ryan Bisgard and Colin McKee. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to work in science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) fields. These students are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into STEM fields and provides a path, plan, and mentoring re-sources to help them reach their dreams. Dur-ing the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from luminaries of the STEM field including top scientific university deans, leaders from government and the private sec-tor, and even Nobel laureates. These students’ acceptance to this pres-tigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of these future lead-ers. Our nation greatly benefits from the achievements of scientists and technologists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations and best wishes to Ryan Bisgard and Colin McKee. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. AL GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, I missed votes. Had I been present, I would have voted in the fol-lowing manner: on H.R. 5687—SOUND Dis-posal and Packaging Act, I would have voted ‘‘YES’’ on this bill; on H.R. 5676—SENIOR Communities Protection Act of 2018, I would have voted ‘‘YES’ on this journal vote. 
f 
HONORING ED BOUTONNET 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ed Boutonnet for receiving the Grower Shipper Association’s esteemed E.E. Harden Award for Lifetime Achievement in Central Coast Agriculture. Mr. Boutonnet’s hard work and dedication to crop science, ag-ricultural leadership, education, shipping, and growing has had an immeasurable impact on California’s agricultural community and econ-omy. Mr. Boutonnet’s education is extensive, with a Bachelor of Science degree in Crop Science from California State Polytechnic College, San Luis Obispo and a Master of Science in Vege-table Crops and Soil Science from Cornell University. He was also a Kellogg Fellow in the California Agricultural Leadership Program of the Agricultural Education Foundation for which he was presented the Award of Excel-lence for generosity and commitment to the program. Mr. Boutonnet’s extensive work in agri-culture earned him a reputation as a pillar of the Central Coast agricultural industry. He joined Ocean Mist Farms of Castroville, Cali-fornia in 1970 where he served as president and CEO from 1990 to 2015. During his ten-ure, Mr. Boutonnet transformed the company from a local artichoke, broccoli, and brussels sprout farm to one of the top growers and dis-tributors in North America. As the Member of Congress representing the ‘‘Salad Bowl of the World,’’ I realize the great importance of Mr. Boutonnet’s work. I am honored to recognize his many achievements that continue to ad-vance and shape the agricultural industry. Besides his service as the CEO of Ocean Mist Farms, Mr. Boutonnet has served as a board member for a number of different local agricultural and environmental organizations, including the Monterey County Agricultural and Historical Land Conservancy, Inc., the Cali-fornia Artichoke Advisory Board, and the Grower Shipper Association of Central Cali-fornia. In addition, he is currently on the board of the Cal Poly College of Agriculture’s Dean Advisory Council and the Elkhorn Slough Foundation. Mr. Boutonnet’s long list of accomplish-ments and service to the agricultural commu-nity are proof that he is a deserving recipient of the E.E. Harden Award. Since the 1960’s, he has devoted his life and career to devel-oping the agricultural industry on the central coast of California and expanding its reach across North America. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Mr. Boutonnet’s exem-plary work in the agricultural sector, and I ask my distinguished colleagues to join me in con-gratulating him on receiving the E.E. Harden Award for Lifetime Achievement in Central Coast Agriculture. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 ELKS LODGE NO. 2355 INSTALLATION OF OFFICERS CEREMONY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the 2018 installation of officers cere-mony for Elks Lodge No. 2355 located in Woodbridge, Virginia. The Elks have a long history of public serv-ice in our nation. Since the founding of the Be-nevolent and Protective Order of Elks in 1868, it has maintained an active membership of more than one million members nationally, and has provided more than $3 billion in goods and services to our nation’s youth, our veterans, and the disadvantaged. In accord-ance with the Elks’ founding tenets of charity, justice, brotherly love and fidelity, Elks Lodge No. 2355 has proven to be an indispensable asset to our community for its lasting commit-ment to serving others in times of need. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the following names of the 2018 officers and com-mittee chairmen of Elks Lodge No. 2355: 
Exalted Ruler—Lillian Garland Leading Knight—Robert Kane Loyal Knight—Stephanie Dabbe Lecturing Knight—Sherri Stramel Treasurer—Robert Geipel Secretary—Kenneth Catterton Tiler—Susan Mc Daniel Inner Guard—Mike Soler Esquire—Mike Haman Chaplain—Nancy Waltz Brown 4 Year Trustee—Zulma Santos 3 Year Trustee—Carl Dabbe 2 Year Trustee—Claude Mcain 1 Year Trustee—Frances M. Frank 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Elks Lodge No. 2355 and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.016 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE890 June 21, 2018 
newly installed officers for their efforts to en-sure we each maintain a quality life and live a better tomorrow. 
f 
JIM RIZZUTO RETIREMENT FROM OTERO JUNIOR COLLEGE 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the career of Otero Junior College (OJC) President Jim Rizzuto in La Junta, Col-orado. Mr. Rizzuto will be retiring after serving over 17 years as the president of OJC. Under his leadership, OJC has achieved numerous mile-stones including becoming a Hispanic Serving Institution and being awarded several million dollars in grants in areas such as STEM, af-fordable housing, business, healthcare, and various technical training programs. During his tenure, OJC also built many four-year degree partnerships to increase transfer opportunities for students and became one of the first rural community colleges in Colorado to develop online and hybrid courses. It is also important to acknowledge Mr. Rizzuto’s years of service, not only in higher education, but in the public sector as well. Previously he had served in the Colorado State Senate for 16 years, 12 of those years on the Joint Budget Committee. As a state senator, Mr. Rizzuto worked extensively on education policy and was a strong supporter of the community college system. For his ef-forts, Mr. Rizzuto was given honors such as induction into the Colorado Community Col-lege and Occupational Education System Alumni Hall of Fame and was named ‘‘Legis-lator of the Year’’ by 12 different organizations during his political tenure. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I applaud Mr. Rizzuto for his career of service, and thank him for leaving a lasting legacy at Otero Junior College. It is an honor to celebrate his impact on our community and state, and I wish him well in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL E. CAPUANO 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday I missed two votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call No. 269—YES; and Roll Call No. 270—YES. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on June 20, 2018, I was unavoidably detained due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 277 and YEA on Roll Call 278. TRIBUTE TO MR. MINOR J. ALLEN, SR., OUTSTANDING BUSINESS-MAN AND SOCIAL/POLITICAL AC-TIVIST HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, having grown up in the state of Arkansas, when I meet people from Arkansas I am gen-erally glad to meet them, when I discovered that Mr. Minor Allen was from Blytheville I was ecstatic and we became great friends and we often would talk about Harrison High School. In addition to having a wonderful family and being a great friend, he was one of the smoothest and greatest business people that I have ever known. He exuded friendship and was as much of a social activist as I have known. I did not know that he was so closely connected to Bishop Willie James Campbell and his family. Bishop Campbell preached my ordination service when I became a deacon at a Baptist church (smile). Mr. Minor Allen was a true servant of God and of the people. May he continue to rest in peace. He and Bishop Campbell must have been cut from the same cloth, both are great humanitarians. 
f 
WELD COUNTY FAIR 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the 100th Anniversary of the Weld Coun-ty Fair. Growing as an annual event since 1918, the Weld County Fair has fulfilled its mission well, which states in part that the fair serves as a source of community pride among county residents by providing an educational showcase for 4–H and FFA members, mem-bers of other youth groups, and residents to exhibit their accomplishments in the areas of agriculture, general and natural sciences, fam-ily consumer sciences, and county projects. The Weld County Fair is supported by countless businesses and local organizations that recognize the profound impact the fair has, not only on the participants and families, but on the community and the economy as a whole. Weld County is the largest Agricultural producing county in the state and ranks among the highest in the country. It is impera-tive that the young people of today have a greater understanding of the role of agriculture and the economy in day-to-day life. On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I applaud the Weld County Fair for the dedication to preserving the rich history of Weld County. We look forward to their suc-cess as they keep this important tradition alive. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to celebrate the centennial celebration of the Weld County Fair. CONGRATULATING THE LIBERTY LADY PANTHERS FOR THEIR STATE CHAMPIONSHIP VICTORY HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate the Liberty Lady Panther Softball Team for winning the 2018 Texas University Interscholastic League (UIL) 4A High School Softball State Championship. This is the first championship for girl’s athletics at Liberty High School. The Lady Panthers amassed a record of 31–14 during their historic season with playoff wins against: Houston Yates, Bridge City, Hudson, Robinson, Lorena, and Beeville A.C. Jones high schools. On June 2, 2018, the Lady Panthers defeated the Vernon Lady Lions by a score of 3–1 at the University of Texas’ McCombs Field. Coaching, prepara-tion, calm under pressure, and teamwork pro-pelled the Lady Panthers to victory. Four players were named to the All-Tour-nament Team: Jaylen Prichard, Baylee Chan-dler, Mikaelah Burkland, and Abby Phillips. Kaci West was named the Tournament’s Most Valuable Player. Jaylen Prichard, Baylee Chandler, and Kaci West were also named to the All-State Team. These young ladies have shown incredible persistence, hard work, pas-sion and commitment to accomplish this feat. I applaud each and every one of them. I would like to personally recognize each student and their coaches. Players: Jo McGinnis, Jaylen Prichard, Karli Beam, Baylee Chandler, Sarah Lopez, Kara Cannon, Harley Davis, Abby Phillips, Kaci West, Mikaelah Burkland, Bailey Webb, Kennedy Evans, Kamryn Turner, Abbie Knepper, and Molly Barnette. Head Coach: Karen Slack. Assistant Coaches: Joe Slack and Katherine McAdams. Manager: Claire Bond. Trainer: Tish Hooper. Athletic Director: Chad Taylor. Principal: Dr. Chad Barrett. Superintendent: Dr. Cody Abshier. I wish each one of them continued success on and off the softball field. Go Lady Panthers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 FAIRFAX COUNTY FIRE AND RESCUE DE-PARTMENT VALOR AWARD RE-CIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This is the 40th Annual Valor Awards spon-sored by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This event honors the remarkable heroism and bravery in the line of duty exem-plified by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.020 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE891 June 21, 2018 
ceremony will present ninety-one awards to recognize extraordinary actions above and be-yond the call of duty in a variety of categories, including the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certifi-cate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, and Gold Medal of Valor. Fourteen awards will be bestowed upon first responders who serve with the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department, in recognition of their exceptional service. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD the names of the following Valor Award Recipients: 
Gold Medal of Valor: Virginia Task Force 1 Silver Medal of Valor: Chief (Ret.) Tyrone Harrington Lieutenant Jay Smith Bronze Medal of Valor: Cpt. Barry J. Rathbone Lieutenant Scott Kraut Master Technician Daniel Thompson Firefighter Jeffrey W. Cockey Certificate of Valor: Master Technician David J. Higgins Acting Fire Technician James A. Wellig Firefighter David P. Eimers Firefighter Jacob C. Brendel Investigator Timothy Nicholson Fire Inspector LaTycia Tanks Fire Inspector Raymond Figueroa 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2018 Valor Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County Fire and Rescue Department. Their efforts, made on behalf of the citizens of our commu-nity, are selfless acts of heroism and truly merit our highest praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remark-able citizens. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CARSON FISHER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Carson Fisher of Panorama High School. Carson was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Sixteenth Annual Gov-ernor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa High School was invited to select a senior with the highest academic ranking. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Carson Fisher in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Car-son on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her fu-ture endeavors. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, due to flight com-plications, I was unable to arrive in Wash-ington in time to cast my vote on June 19, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 269; YEA on Roll Call No. 270; and YEA on Roll Call No. 271. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SENATOR BETTE LASKY 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize State Sen-ator Bette Lasky, who will retire from the New Hampshire Senate after nearly two decades of service to her hometown of Nashua. During her time at the Legislature, Senator Lasky has been a leading champion for voting rights, marriage equality, and the fight to bring commuter rail to New Hampshire. She has been a friend to local business and labor, as-sisted students and schools, and worked to ensure equal pay for women. In addition, she has been an active volunteer in her hometown community, serving as the Chair of the Nash-ua City Planning Board, a member of the Nashua City Selectboard, a board member of the New Hampshire Association for the Blind, and so much more. On behalf of my constituents across New Hampshire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Senator Lasky for her many years of service and for being a part of what makes the Granite State so special. Her legacy will con-tinue through the work she has been able to accomplish as a representative. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Senator Lasky on her retirement and I wish her the best of luck in the years ahead. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Thurs-day, June 14, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call vote 265 and ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call vote 266. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2018 DALE CITY MULTICULTURAL ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS & SCHOLARSHIP RE-CIPIENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ac-knowledge the recipients of the thirty-fourth annual Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards & Scholarship Banquet hosted by the Dale City Christian Church. The 2018 banquet theme is, ‘‘This is your Season for Favor and Increase,’’ highlights the continued emphasis placed on educational advancement in fos-tering personal autonomy and success. Under the leadership of Bishop Patrick O. Thomas and Mrs. Rhonda Pittman, the Dale City Multicultural Achievement Foundation has provided more than $320,000 in scholarship funds. In addition to providing financial re-sources, the foundation celebrates the achievements of community activists for their efforts to improve the lives of area residents while serving as positive role models leading by example and encouraging students to seek out educational enrichment opportunities under the core mission of educating the youth of today to become engaged citizens of tomor-row. It is my honor to include in the RECORD , the following names of the recipients of the 2018 Dale City Multicultural Achievement Awards & Scholarship Fund: 
Pastoral Leadership Award: Pastors Sam & Valena Metacalfe Religious Leadership Award: Rev. Naomi Gibson Educational Leadership Award: Mrs. Dorothy Passawe Mrs. LaVonda Wortham Professional Leadership Award: Mr. Corey Holeman Community Service Award: Mrs. Vielka Gary Ms. Ashley Johnson Business Achievement Award: Jewelry by Design, Mrs. Jenny Caro Mr. Adrian Vaughn Youth Christian Service Award: Mr. Carlos Chavez Mr. Andrew Reese Mrs. Beverly Scott Christian Service Award: Mr. Carlos Chavez Mr. Andrew Reese Mrs. Beverly Scott Faithfulness Award: Mr. Errol & Mrs. Maudine Graham Mrs. Astrid Inabinet Mrs. Athena Powell Dedicated Christian Family Award: Mr. & Mrs. Maverick Powell & Family Distinguished Senior Leadership Award: Miss Troi Stubblefield 2018 High School Scholarship Recipient: Mr. Joshua Curtis Mr. Cameron Harris Miss Karina Jackson Miss Troi Stubblefield Mr. Riley Mitchell 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the 2018 Dale City Multicul-tural Achievement Awards & Scholarship re-cipients, and in thanking them for their indi-vidual efforts to ensure we each maintain a quality life and live a better tomorrow. 
f 
SHOWING SUPPORT FOR D EDE PHILLIPS AFTER BOBCAT EN-COUNTER 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the courage of Ms. DeDe Phillips of Hart County. On June 7, Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.024 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE892 June 21, 2018 
Phillips faced a dangerous, rabid animal with unselfish resolve. That day, Ms. Phillips walked into her own yard to an unusual discovery. A bobcat stood by her car for a moment before lunging at this grandmother. Knowing that her five-year-old grand-daughter was safe just inside her home, Ms. Phillips decided not to call for help. Instead, she wrestled with the bobcat until she pinned it down and suffocated it with her hands. Only after the animal’s death did Ms. Phil-lips learn that it was rabid and that she would have to undergo a series of rabies shots and medical care to address her broken fingers and other wounds left by the cat’s claws and teeth. Mr. Speaker, I grieve with the Phillips family for this attack, and at the same time I want to celebrate the strength and selflessness that Ms. Phillips displayed by protecting her family from any possible harm. Northeast Georgia is full of courageous, ca-pable people, and Ms. DeDe Phillips exempli-fies their spirit. As she recovers, men and women in our region and around this country are recognizing her for the hero that she is. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS HOME RULE ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce the District of Columbia Courts Home Rule Act. This bill would give the Council of the District of Columbia authority over the ju-risdiction and organization of the local D.C. courts. The 1973 Home Rule Act (HRA) ex-pressly prohibits D.C. from enacting any law with respect to any provision of the D.C. Code title that relates to these matters. Forty-five years after the passage of the HRA, matters involving the D.C. courts almost never come to Congress, so Congress knows almost nothing about the District’s courts. Not-withstanding the importance of D.C.’s courts to District residents, the D.C. Council, which is the repository of knowledge and experience for the District’s criminal and civil justice sys-tems and the accountable body to our resi-dents, is irresponsibly left on the sidelines while Congress remains the sole entity to cor-rect flaws in the District’s courts. Under the HRA, the D.C. Council has no authority to ‘‘enact any act, resolution, or rule with respect to any provision of title 11 of the District of Columbia Code (relating to organi-zation and jurisdiction of the District of Colum-bia courts).’’ Matters in title 11 include rules of criminal and civil procedure, court administra-tion, the number of authorized judges, the branches of the courts, the rules of jury serv-ice and admission to the bar. The bill would strike this limitation on the D.C. Council’s au-thority. The District has never had authority over its local courts, even when it was responsible for paying for their operations. Under the National Capital Revitalization and Self-Government Improvement Act of 1997, the federal govern-ment assumed the costs for several state-level functions, including the courts. This bill would not affect the authority of the President to nominate, or the Senate to confirm, local judges. This is an important step to increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL SHAUN EASLEY 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Department of Defense and Intel-ligence Overhead Architecture Subcommittee, I rise today to congratulate United States Air Force Lieutenant Colonel (Lt. Col.) Shaun Easley for his exceptionally meritorious service while serving as a Congressional Liaison Offi-cer at the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) from December 2015 to June 2018. While at NGA, Lt. Col. Easley exhibited su-perior leadership and became a well of institu-tional knowledge for the organization. Thanks to his exemplary work, the relationship be-tween Congress and NGA is stronger than ever. He is a force-multiplier, widely known for the quality of his work by officials across the government. Lt. Col. Easley has a knack for making the seemingly inaccessible, within reach. When I have worked with the National Geospatial-In-telligence Agency, I find them to be profes-sional and informed on parliamentary proce-dure, which enhances productivity between the legislative and executive branches of gov-ernment. The high level of detail in the dis-course between the NGA and me reflects back on Lt. Col. Easley’s extensive experience and expertise, which he clearly provides to key agency stakeholders informing them on the intricacies of the legislative process. I watched closely when the NGA Director, Robert Cardillo, testified during the agency’s first open hearing in front of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence in 2016. The Direc-tor’s comprehensive Statement for the Record helped enrich transparency, and drive under-standing of NGA’s unique capabilities and mis-sion with members of Congress and the Amer-ican public. It came as no surprise to me that Shaun supported that mission, continuing the high standards set by the NGA personnel. Shaun’s impact will long be appreciated by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and by my fellow members of Congress. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and thanking Lieutenant Colo-nel Easley for his dedication and service on behalf of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency and the United States, and to wish him continued success in his future endeav-ors. RECOGNIZING THE 2018 FAIRFAX COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT VALOR AWARD RECIPIENTS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding group of men and women in Northern Virginia. These individuals have demonstrated superior dedication to pub-lic safety and have been awarded the pres-tigious Valor Award by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This is the 40th Annual Valor Awards spon-sored by the Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce. This event honors the remarkable heroism and bravery in the line of duty exem-plified by our public safety officers. Our public safety and law enforcement personnel put their lives on the line every day to keep our families and neighborhoods safe. This year’s ceremony will present ninety-one awards to recognize extraordinary actions above and be-yond the call of duty in a variety of categories, including the Lifesaving Certificate, the Certifi-cate of Valor, and the Bronze, Silver, and Gold Medal of Valor. Sixty-nine awards will be bestowed upon first responders who serve with the Fairfax County Police Department in recognition of their exceptional service. It is with great pride that I include in the R
ECORD following Valor Award Recipients: 
Silver Medal of Valor: 2nd Lt. Michael D. Gubesch, MPO Douglas E. Middlebrooks, PFC Ali Sepehri, Ofc. Isa L. Martin, Pilot Garret G. Wymer. Bronze Medal of Valor: 2nd Lt. Scott F. Moskowitz, 2nd Lt. Peter J. Massaro, MPO Brian E. Plaugher, PFC Robert A. Wardrop, PFC Jose R. Morillo, PFC Gary Moore, Jr., PFC Lindsey M. Memenza, PFC Eric L. Harte, PFC William W. Daugherty, Ofc. An-drew H. Snow. Certificate of Valor: 2nd Lt. Edward S. Rediske, MPO John E. Alford, PFC Nicholas D. Taormina, PFC Timothy B. Schilling, PFC Michael D. Scatchard, PFC Ryan M. Saupp, PFC James F. Sadler, PFC Todd C. Owens, PFC Michael W. Greene, PFC Edward K. George, PFC Colby B. Cooman, PFC Ste-phen P. Cicinato, PFC Aaron M. Ciarrochi, PFC Morgan N. Blumer, PFC Kenneth D. Baxter, Det. Paul H. Cable, Ofc. Michael A. Stirling, Ofc. Frank J. Kopeski, Ofc. Joseph S. Hensley, Ofc. Alicia A. Adkins, Pilot An-drew J. Wiseman, APO Dennis M. Staten, Dispatcher Jill Velez, K9 Bolt. Lifesaving Award: 2nd Lt. Daniel B. Spital, MPO Erik S. Stallings, MPO Bryan V. Smith, MPO Brian A. Ritter, PFC Cameron York, PFC Kurt T. Woodward, PFC David M. Winter, PFC Jon David F. Tiedemann, PFC Philip C. Stone, PFC Shannon L. Sams, PFC Gregory J. Salino, PFC Kevin L. Reynolds, PFC Steven L. Randazzo, PFC Gershon L. Ramirez, PFC Kory A. Pfeiffer, PFC Paul J. Notarianni, PFC Christopher W. Munson, PFC Katherine A. Montwill, PFC Kelly E. McElligott, PFC Young H. Lee, PFC Mat-thew R. Kourt, PFC Casey C. Johnson, PFC Nicole A. Hunt, PFC Timothy M. Henderson, PFC Kyle R. Bryant, PFC Kurt A. Bowers, PFC Morgan N. Blumer, Det. Brian C. Chris-tian, Ofc. Devin T. White, Ofc. Matthew D. Erd. 
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the 2018 Valor Award Recipients, and thank each of the men and women who serve in the Fairfax County 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.030 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE893 June 21, 2018 
Police Department. Their efforts, made on be-half of the citizens of our community, are self-less acts of heroism and truly merit our high-est praise. I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding this group of remarkable citizens. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAXINE BRUNSMANN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Ms. Max-ine Brunsmann on the occasion of her 103rd birthday. Our world has changed a great deal during Maxine’s life. Since her birth, we have revolu-tionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Maxine has lived through eight-een United States Presidents and twenty-two Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the popu-lation of the United States has more than tri-pled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Ms. Brunsmann in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 103rd birthday. I invite my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in con-gratulating Maxine Brunsmann on reaching this incredible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MS. BESSIE ALEXANDER RUSSELL 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the life of Ms. Bessie Alex-ander Russell who passed at the age of 86 on December 7, 2017. Bessie was born in Chi-cago on March 4, 1931 and raised in Chi-cago’s ‘‘Old Town’’ neighborhood. She was a graduate of William H. Wells Community Academy High School, commonly known as Well’s High School and began a life in admin-istration, civics and organizing. I had the pleasure of knowing Bessie during several of my campaigns for the County Board and Al-derman, block club meetings, community orga-nizing activities and political rallies. Bessie had a long and distinguished career in administration and is a dedicated servant of the community. Bessie served as secretary for Chicago City Colleges for 30 years before be-coming a Bursar at Crane College (currently known as Malcolm X College). During her ten-ure with the City College’s system, she served as the first African American president of the Local 1708 labor union. In addition, Bessie was also Chicago’s first Human Relations Commissioner on Race, Gender and Sexu-ality, where she was appointed by Mayor Har-old Washington and retained by Mayor Rich-ard Daley. Bessie was the wife of the late Paul H. Rus-sell and devoted mother of Paula M. Russell and three late infant sons, all named Paul. Her sons all developed a similar fatal lung condi-tion—Bessie donated their bodies to research. Because of this noteworthy and selfless act, this research was instrumental in a curable treatment in the utero for this lung condition. A man once said, ‘‘Death leaves a head-ache that no one can heal; Love leaves a memory that no one can steal.’’ So, Mr. Speaker, I ask the Congress, the family and friends to continue to honor Ms. Bessie Rus-sell’s memory for love for the Chicagoland community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, my voting card didn’t register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call No. 274. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, due to flight com-plications, I was unable to arrive in Wash-ington in time to cast my vote on June 20, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 275; YEA on Roll Call No. 276; NAY on Roll Call No. 277; and YEA on Roll Call No. 278. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BROOKLYN SAMMONS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Brooklyn Sammons of Orient-Macksburg High School. Brooklyn was recently honored for outstanding academic achievement at the Sixteenth An-nual Governor’s Scholar Recognition on April 29, 2018. This statewide program is sponsored by the Iowa Governor’s Office, the Iowa High School Athletic Association and the Iowa Farm Bu-reau. Each Iowa High School was invited to select a senior with the highest academic ranking. Not only are they academically gifted, but the selected students are often the youth who are successful in extra-curricular activities and community endeavors. Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-resent leaders like Brooklyn Sammons in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to reach her goals. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating Brooklyn on receiving this esteemed designa-tion, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. RECOGNIZING ANDREW M. SHER-MAN AND CONGRATULATING HIM ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT FROM FEDERAL CIVIL SERVICE HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate my constituent and friend, Andrew (Andy) M. Sherman who is retiring from his position as Acting Deputy Di-rector of the U.S. Government Publishing Of-fice (GPO) following 38 years of dedicated federal service. Andy began his career at the GPO in 1980 as a budget analyst. In 1985 he began work-ing as a staff assistant reporting to the Office of the Director (formerly the Office of the Pub-lic Printer), gaining extensive experience with the agency’s budget, appropriations, legisla-tion, strategic planning, and congressional and public affairs operations. The skills learned in this position would serve him well during his career and advancement at the GPO. He was named Director of Congressional and Public Affairs in 1997, a position he held for 14 years. In 2011, he was promoted to Chief Communications Officer and in 2013 was again promoted to Chief of Staff. Fol-lowing the retirement of Deputy Director Jim Bradley in March 2018, Andy became Acting Deputy Director and the head of the agency. During his 38-year career, Andy was directly involved in GPO’s transformation from a print- centric to a digital-centric agency. His efforts were instrumental in reshaping GPO’s oper-ations and staff to reduce costs and expand digital operations. For over 30 years he authored GPO’s An-nual Reports to Congress and for more than 2 decades, Andy was the GPO’s principal liai-son to the congressional Joint Committee on Printing, which oversees GPO. In this role, he ensured the approval of the GPO’s annual spending plans and the wage agreements signed by GPO’s management and GPO union employees. In addition, Andy served for 25 years as GPO’s representative to the Na-tional Government Publishing Association, holding the offices of Eastern regional director, treasurer, and president. With GPO Historian George Barnum, Andy contributed to the writing of an official history of the GPO, Keeping America Informed, pub-lished in 2011 and revised in 2016, as well as Picturing the Big Shop, a book of more than 200 of GPO’s historical photographs, which was released in 2016. He also participated in the revision and issuance of three editions of GPO’s popular Style Manual, for 2000, 2008, and 2016. In recognition of his service and expertise, Andy has received two Distinguished Service Awards, 2 Meritorious Service Awards, and one Public Printer award. Andy holds a B.A. and an M.A. in Govern-ment from The University of Virginia. Prior to joining the GPO he was a graduate teaching assistant in American history at Old Dominion University. Andy and his wife, Deborah, are the parents of three grown children, Benjamin, Sarah, and David, and for more than 30 years have resided in North Springfield, VA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in commending Mr. Andrew M. Sherman for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.033 E21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE894 June 21, 2018 
his service to our nation and in congratulating him on the occasion of his retirement. I be-lieve that public service is among the highest of callings and Andy is the epitome of a dedi-cated civil servant. I thank him for his contribu-tions, and extend to him my very best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 21, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Friday, June 15, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call votes 267 and 268. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:38 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21JN8.039 E21JNPT1
D711 Thursday, June 21, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4313–S4352 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills were intro-duced, as follows: S. 3102–3119.
              Pages S4343–44 
Measures Reported: S. 3107, making appropriations for financial serv-ices and general government for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–281) S. 3108, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, foreign operations, and related pro-grams for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–282) S. 3109, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. (S. Rept. No. 115–283) S. 974, to promote competition in the market for drugs and biological products by facilitating the timely entry of lower-cost generic and biosimilar versions of those drugs and biological products, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S4343 
Measures Passed: National GI Bill Commemoration Week: Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from fur-ther consideration of S. Res. 551, expressing support for the designation of the week of June 18 through June 22, 2018, as National GI Bill Commemoration Week, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S4351 
Measures Considered: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act—Agreement: Senate continued con-sideration of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, tak-ing action on the following amendments and mo-tions proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S4313–36 
Adopted: By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. 137), Alexander (for Bennet) Amendment No. 2983 (to Amendment No. 2910), to increase employment for members of the Armed Forces in emerging indus-tries.                                                                         Pages S4325–28 
McConnell (for Alexander) Amendment No. 2915 (to Amendment No. 2910), to make a technical cor-rection.
                                                                            Page S4333 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 2986 (to Amendment No. 2910), to clarify coal to carbon fiber research and development expenditures. 
                                                                                            Page S4333 
McConnell (for Heller) Amendment No. 3048 (to Amendment No. 2910), to reauthorize Colorado River System pilot projects.
                                 Page S4333 
McConnell (for Rubio) Amendment No. 2999 (to Amendment No. 2910), to prohibit the use of funds for certain releases or discharges of water from Lake Okeechobee to the Caloosahatchee Estuary or the In-dian River Lagoon.
                                                    Page S4333 
McConnell (for Perdue/Isakson) Amendment No. 3054 (to Amendment No. 2978), to ensure the use of certain funds for projects relating to deep-draft navigation.
                                                                     Page S4333 
McConnell (for Thune) Amendment No. 2978 (to Amendment No. 2910), to provide funding for water infrastructure projects.
                               Page S4333 
McConnell (for Murkowski) Amendment No. 3059 (to Amendment No. 2910), to include certain provisions relating to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission hydroelectric projects.
                  Page S4333 
McConnell (for Heinrich/Gardner) Amendment No. 2980 (to Amendment No. 2910), to clarify cer-tain cost-sharing requirements applicable to awards from the Energy Technology Commercialization Fund.
                                                                                Page S4333 
McConnell (for Warner/Portman) Amendment No. 2996 (to Amendment No. 2910), to provide that funds made available for the Office of the In-spector General of the Department of Energy shall be used to fully meet certain data transparency re-quirements.
                                                                   Page S4334 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 3042 (to Amendment No. 2910), to include a provision relat-ing to transfers from the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund.
                                                                   Page S4334 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD712 June 21, 2018 
McConnell (for Tester/Daines) Amendment No. 2961 (to Amendment No. 2910), to extend the au-thorization for the Fort Peck Rural Water System. 
                                                                                            Page S4334 
McConnell (for Sanders/Nelson) Amendment No. 2963 (to Amendment No. 2910), to set aside funds for the Regional Test Centers for Solar Technologies of the Department of Energy.
                             Page S4334 
McConnell (for Brown) Amendment No. 2997 (to Amendment No. 2910), to support the development and deployment of high-efficiency linear generator power plant technology.
                                         Page S4334 
McConnell (for Whitehouse) Amendment No. 2939 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require a report on Corps of Engineers activities relating to inland and coastal projects.
                                                 Page S4334 
McConnell (for Kennedy) Amendment No. 3068 (to Amendment No. 2910), to express the sense of the Senate that certain Corps of Engineers projects should receive consideration for additional funding. 
                                                                                            Page S4334 
McConnell (for Hyde-Smith) Amendment No. 2953 (to Amendment No. 2910), to provide ade-quate funds for the Surplus Books Program of the Library of Congress.
                                                 Page S4334 
McConnell (for Coons/Murkowski) Amendment No. 3053 (to Amendment No. 2910), to provide funds to reduce or eliminate the use of plastic straws in facilities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol.
                                                                           Page S4334 
McConnell (for Boozman/Daines) Amendment No. 3051 (to Amendment No. 2910), to appropriate funds for the Veterans History Project.
         Page S4334 
McConnell (for Lee/Paul) Amendment No. 3057 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require that funds made available for the Congressional Budget Office be used to improve the transparency of scoring and the availability and replicability of models, economic assumptions, and data to Members of Congress. 
                                                                                            Page S4334 
McConnell (for Heller/Tester) Amendment No. 3056 (to Amendment No. 2910), to protect pro-grams for homeless veterans.
                               Page S4334 
McConnell (for Heller) Amendment No. 2949 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a report on the program of support services for caregivers of vet-erans of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
                                                                                            Page S4334 
McConnell (for Klobuchar/Tillis) Amendment No. 2960 (to Amendment No. 2910), to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to establish within the De-partment of Veterans Affairs a center of excellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to expo-sure to burn pits.
                                               Pages S4334–35 McConnell (for Boozman) Amendment No. 2924 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a plan to avoid clinical mistakes by employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs that result in adverse events that require certain disclosures.
                          Page S4335 
McConnell (for Boozman/Schatz) Amendment No. 2925 (to Amendment No. 2910), to make a tech-nical correction to title III of division C.
      Page S4335 
McConnell (for Tester/Brown) Amendment No. 2934 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to develop a means to track and monitor information on debts of persons to the United States by virtue of the persons’ partici-pation in a benefits program administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, including because of an overpayment by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
                                                                                            Page S4335 
McConnell (for Cassidy/Jones) Amendment No. 3013 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to publish the quality rat-ing of each nursing home of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs.
                                                        Pages S4335–36 
McConnell (for Cortez-Masto) Amendment No. 3050 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the In-spector General of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to conduct an investigation of all nursing homes of the Department of Veterans Affairs with an overall one-star rating as determined by the rating system of the Department.
                                   Page S4336 
McConnell (for Kennedy) Amendment No. 2992 (to Amendment No. 2910), to prohibit the use of funds made available under this Act in a manner that would increase wait times for veterans who seek care at medical facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs.
                                                                Page S4336 
McConnell (for Hassan/Shaheen) Amendment No. 2955 (to Amendment No. 2910), to prevent the use of funds made available by this Act to modernize or realign facilities of the Veterans Health Administra-tion in States in which the Department does not op-erate a full-service medical facility unless the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs certifies to Congress that such modernization or realignment will not result in a disruption or reduction of services for veterans. 
                                                                                            Page S4336 
McConnell (for Nelson) Amendment No. 3032 (to Amendment No. 2910), to limit the conversion of funds for the Department of Veterans Affairs pro-gram to improve retention of housing by formerly homeless veterans and veterans at risk of becoming homeless.
                                                                        Page S4336 
McConnell (for Rubio) Amendment No. 3066 (to Amendment No. 2910), to express the sense of Con-gress relating to the Comprehensive Everglades Res-toration Plan.
                                                               Page S4336 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D713 June 21, 2018 
McConnell (for Whitehouse) Amendment No. 2957 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the Sec-retary of Energy to conduct a study on the potential for natural gas demand response across energy sectors and geographic regions.
                                          Page S4336 
McConnell (for Wyden) Amendment No. 3038 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require a report on cell site simulators detected near facilities of the De-partment of Defense.
                                                Page S4336 
Alexander Amendment No. 2911 (to Amendment No. 2910), to make a technical correction. 
                                                                                            Page S4336 
Shelby Amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S4336 
Rejected: McConnell (for Lee) Modified Amendment No. 3021 (to Amendment No. 2911), to terminate a rule relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States’’. (By 62 yeas to 34 nays (Vote No. 138), Sen-ate tabled the amendment.)
                          Pages S4329–30 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on Shelby Amendment No. 2910 (listed above), be withdrawn. 
                                                                                            Page S4333 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                             Page S4333 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, June 25, 2018, Senate vote on passage of the bill, as amended. 
                                                                                            Page S4333 
A unanimous consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, June 25, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the bill; and that the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricul-tural and other programs of the Department of Agri-culture through fiscal year 2023, ripen following dis-position of H.R. 5895.
                                           Page S4351 
Agriculture and Nutrition Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to con-sideration of H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023.
                                                                        Pages S4336–37 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, June 21, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposi-tion of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019.
         Page S4337 House Messages: Supporting Grandparents Raising Grand-children Act: Senate agreed to the motion to concur in the House amendments to S. 1091, to establish a Federal Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren.
                                           Page S4351 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: Jean Carol Hovland, of South Dakota, to be Com-missioner of the Administration for Native Ameri-cans, Department of Health and Human Services. 
                                                                            Pages S4337, S4352 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4341 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4341 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                      Pages S4319, S4341–42 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4342–43 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S4343 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4343 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4344–45 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4339–41 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4345–51 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4351 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4351 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—138)
                                                 Pages S4328, S4330 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:45 a.m. and adjourned at 5:35 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, June 25, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4351.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Appropriations: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: An original bill (S. 3107) making appropriations for financial services and general government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019; An original bill (S. 3108) making appropriations for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019; and An original bill (S. 3109) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD714 June 21, 2018 
NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Gordon D. Sondland, of Washington, to be Representative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, who was introduced by Senators Tillis and Wyden, Ron-ald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Belgium, who was introduced by Sen-ators Gardner and Durbin, Cherith Norman Chalet, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, with the rank of Ambas-sador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the Gen-eral Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, and Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Co-lumbia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6172–6190; 1 private bill, H.R. 6191; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 125; and H. Res. 956 were introduced.
                            Pages H5505–06 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5506–07 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 5206, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Office of Biometric Identity Management, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–773); and H.R. 5207, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the immigration advisory pro-gram, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–774).
                                                Page H5505 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:29 a.m. and recon-vened at 10 a.m.
                                                        Page H5368 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dr. Alexander Campbell, South Carolina State Guard, Anderson, South Caro-lina.
                                                                                  Page H5368 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H5368, H5450 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:18 a.m. and re-convened at 10:30 a.m.
                                          Page H5370 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that, notwithstanding House Resolu-tion 949, during consideration of H.R. 6 pursuant to such resolution, general debate shall not exceed one hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means.                                                      Page H5380 
Securing America’s Future Act of 2018: The House failed to pass H.R. 4760, to amend the im-migration laws and the homeland security laws, by a recorded vote of 193 ayes to 231 noes, Roll No. 282.
                                                                    Pages H5380–H5438 
Rejected the Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) mo-tion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 191 yeas to 234 nays, Roll No. 281.
                                                                          Pages H5433–38 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendments printed in H. Rept. 115–772 shall be considered as adopted. 
                                                                                            Page H5380 
H. Res. 954, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 226 ayes to 195 noes, Roll No. 280, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 279. 
                                                                                    Pages H5371–80 
Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 2, to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, by a yea-and-nay vote of 213 yeas to 211 nays, Roll No. 284. Consideration began May 16th. 
                                                                                    Pages H5448–49 
Pursuant to sec. 7 of H. Res. 905, proceedings re-sumed on the Ryan (WI) motion to reconsider the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D715 June 21, 2018 
bill, which was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 283.
                        Page H5448 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 2, the Clerk be authorized to correct section numbers, punctuation, and cross-references, and to make such other technical and conforming changes as may be necessary to accurately reflect the actions of the House.
                                                                             Page H5450 
Recess: The House recessed at 4:15 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:23 p.m.
                                                   Page H5450 
Border Security and Immigration Reform Act of 2018: The House considered H.R. 6136, to amend the immigration laws and provide for border secu-rity. Further proceedings were postponed. 
                                                                                    Pages H5450–88 
H. Res. 953, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6136) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 195 noes, Roll No. 286, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 191 nays, Roll No. 285. 
                                                                Pages H5438–47, H5449–50 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H5370. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5379, H5379–80, H5437–38, H5438, H5448, H5448–49, H5449, and H5450. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 10 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MILITARY TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER: THREATS, IMPACTS, AND SOLUTIONS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Military Technology Transfer: Threats, Impacts, and Solutions for the Department of Defense’’. Testimony was heard from Kari A. Bingen, Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Intel-ligence, Department of Defense; Eric Chewning, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manufac-turing and Industrial Base Policy, Department of Defense; Michael D. Griffin, Undersecretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, Department of Defense; and Anthony M. Schinella, Office of the Director of National Intelligence; and Major General William K. Gayler, Commanding General, U.S. Army Aviation Center of Excellence, U.S. Army. AVIATION MISHAP PREVENTION-A PROGRESS REPORT Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Mishap Pre-vention—a Progress Report’’. Testimony was heard from Rear Admiral Upper Half Roy J. Kelley, Com-mander, Naval Air Force Atlantic, U.S. Navy; Lieu-tenant General Mark C. Nowland, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, U.S. Air Force; and Lieutenant General Steven R. Rudder, Deputy Commandant for Aviation, U.S. Marine Corps. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Budget: Full Committee concluded a markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019. The Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019 was ordered re-ported, as amended. GROWTH, OPPORTUNITY, AND CHANGE IN THE U.S. LABOR MARKET AND THE AMERICAN WORKFORCE: A REVIEW OF CURRENT DEVELOPMENTS, TRENDS, AND STATISTICS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Growth, Opportunity, and Change in the U.S. Labor Market and the Amer-ican Workforce: A Review of Current Developments, Trends, and Statistics’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a markup on H.R. 1320, the ‘‘Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act’’; H.R. 6140, the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Fuel Availability Act’’; legisla-tion on the Advancing U.S. Civil Nuclear Competi-tiveness and Jobs Act; and H.R. 6141, to require the Secretary of Energy to develop a report on a pilot program to site, construct, and operate micro-reac-tors at critical national security locations, and for other purposes. Legislation on Advancing U.S. Civil Nuclear Competitiveness and Job Act, H.R. 6140, and H.R. 6141 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 1320 was ordered reported, as amended. OVERSIGHT OF THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’’. Testimony was heard from Jay Clayton, Chairman, U.S. Securities and Ex-change Commission. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD716 June 21, 2018 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 5970, the ‘‘Modernizing Disclo-sures for Investors Act’’; H.R. 6130, the ‘‘Helping Startups Continue to Grow Act’’; and H.R. 6139, the ‘‘Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act’’. H.R. 5970 was ordered re-ported, as amended. H.R. 6139 and H.R. 6130 were ordered reported, without amendment. RUSSIAN AND CHINESE NUCLEAR ARSENALS: POSTURE, PROLIFERATION, AND THE FUTURE OF ARMS CONTROL Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Russian and Chinese Nuclear Arsenals: Posture, Proliferation, and the Future of Arms Con-trol’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE NEED FOR NEW FEDERAL JUDGES Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Need for New Federal Judges’’. Testimony was heard from Lawrence F. Stengel, Committee on Judicial Resources, Judicial Conference of the United States; Roslynn Mauskopf, Chair, Subcommittee on Judicial Statistics, Judicial Conference of the United States; Dana M. Sabraw, U.S. District Judge, Southern District of California; and a public witness. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 4599, the ‘‘Rock Creek National Park Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5148, the ‘‘Protect Public Use of Public Lands Act’’; H.R. 5149, the ‘‘Unlocking Public Lands Act’’; H.R. 5613, the ‘‘Quindaro Townsite National Historic Landmark Act’’; and H.R. 5727, the ‘‘Emery County Public Land Management Act of 2018’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Norton, Gianforte, Yoder, Curtis, and Johnson of Utah; Chris French, Associate Deputy Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; Greg Chilcott, County Commissioner, Ravalli County, Montana; Brian Steed, Deputy Director, Policy and Programs, Bureau of Land Management, Department of the Interior; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 4644, the ‘‘Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act’’; and H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Education and Energy Act of 2018’’. Testimony was heard from Rose Pugliese, Commissioner, Mesa County, Colorado; and public witnesses. STATE PERSPECTIVES ON REGULATING BACKGROUND OZONE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘State Perspectives on Regulating Background Ozone’’. Testimony was heard from Timothy Franquist, Air Quality Division Director, Arizona Department of Environmental Quality; and public witnesses. ACCELERATING AGRICULTURE: HOW FEDERAL REGULATIONS IMPACT AMERICA’S SMALL FARMERS Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Accelerating Agriculture: How Federal Regulations Impact America’s Small Farmers’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. PIPES ACT OF 2016 IMPLEMENTATION: OVERSIGHT OF PIPELINE SAFETY PROGRAMS Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials held a hearing entitled ‘‘PIPES Act of 2016 Implementation: Oversight of Pipeline Safety Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Howard El-liott, Administrator, Pipelines and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration; and public witnesses. MORE THAN JUST FILLING VACANCIES: A CLOSER LOOK AT VA HIRING AUTHORITIES, RECRUITING, AND RETENTION Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘More Than Just Fill-ing Vacancies: A Closer Look at VA Hiring Authori-ties, Recruiting, and Retention’’. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6142, the ‘‘Reducing Drug Waste Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center Payment Transparency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4952, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a re-port on the effects of the inclusion of quality in-creases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare Program; H.R. 3500, the ‘‘Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2017’’; H.R. 519, the ‘‘Water and Agriculture Tax Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 6124, the ‘‘Tribal Social Security Fairness Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6084, the ‘‘Improving Social Security’s Service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D717 June 21, 2018 
to Victims of Identity Theft Act’’. H.R. 4952, H.R. 3500, H.R. 519, H.R. 6124, H.R. 6084, H.R. 6138, and H.R. 6142 were ordered reported, as amended. DIA ROLES AND MISSION Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘DIA Roles and Mis-sion’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
ILLICIT TRADE Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on illicit trade from Russ Travers, Acting Director, National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intel-ligence; Christa Brzozowski, Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Trade and Transport, Department of Home-land Security; Lisa Dyer, Director, Office of Intellec-tual Property Enforcement, Department of State; and Aaron Seres, Acting Section Chief, Financial Crimes Section, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 2018 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces; and Subcommittee on Space of the House Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Space Situational Awareness: Whole of Govern-ment Perspectives on Roles and Responsibilities’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing on H.R. 2651, the ‘‘Horseracing Integrity Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-vanced Biofuels Under the Renewable Fuel Standard: Current Status and Future Prospects’’, 9:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD718 June 21, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropria-tions Act, as amended, and vote on passage of the bill at 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of H.R. 5895, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2, Agriculture and Nutrition Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, June 22 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 6—SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act.  
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E890 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E891, E893 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E885 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E882 Buck, Ken, Colo., E888, E889, E890, E890 Capuano, Michael E., Mass., E890 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E882 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E884 Collins, Doug, Ga., E886, E890, E891 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E882, E882, E883, E884, E885, E889, E890, E891, E892, E893 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E890, E893 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E882 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E885 Green, Al, Tex., E889 Green, Gene, Tex., E883 Heck, Denny, Wash., E892 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E888 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E886, E891 Larson, John B., Conn., E886, E886 Long, Billy, Mo., E884 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E884 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E885, E886 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E892 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E891, E894 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E889 Peterson, Collin C., Minn., E888 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E886 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E881 Shimkus, John, Ill., E883 Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E893 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E887 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E885 Young, David, Iowa, E889, E891, E893, E893 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:42 Jun 22, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21JN8.REC D21JNPT1