Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3213 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 2018 No. 60 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, April 16, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , APRIL 13, 2018 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we thank You for giving us another day. Send Your spirit upon the Members of this people’s House to encourage them in their official tasks. As the Members approach the votes they are to make today, may they be imbued with courage and leadership that looks to the health and vibrancy of our great Nation. Assure them that in the fulfillment of their responsibilities, You provide the grace to enable them to be faithful in their duties, and the wisdom to be conscious of their obligations and ful-fill them with integrity. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THOMAS JEFFERSON’S BIRTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today we commemorate the birthday of a monumental figure in our Nation’s history, Thomas Jeffer-son. Jefferson, who was our third Presi-dent, was the principal author of the U.S. Declaration of Independence, and is known as one of the country’s found-ing farmers—Founding Fathers. He was a founding farmer also. Today marks the 275th anniversary of his birth. He played a monumental role in shaping American politics. While his legacy is not without com-plication, Thomas Jefferson projected a down-to-Earth attitude and desired to be seen as a common man. An intellectual, architect, philoso-pher, musician, and essayist, he was anything but common. He founded the University of Virginia in 1819. The university has kept the Jeffersonian values—discussion, col-laboration, and enlightenment—rel-evant today. Its mission is to develop tomorrow’s leaders and to ensure that they are well prepared to help shape the future of the Nation and the world. Students in Charlottesville will use Founder’s Day to reflect on Thomas Jefferson’s legacy and also acknowl-edge the growth that has been made in its history. Mr. Speaker, on this day, we remem-ber a Founding Father, Thomas Jeffer-son, and all the contributions he made to this great Nation. 
f 
LOYOLA CHICAGO RAMBLERS REACH NCAA FINAL FOUR (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Loyola Uni-versity Chicago Ramblers on their roll-er coaster dance to the Final Four at this year’s men’s basketball NCAA tournament. This is an incredible team, boasting players who showed great skill on the court and hard work studying off the court. No one can forget Sister Jean, who was a centerpiece of Loyola’s Cin-derella story. Her selflessness, service to others, and love for the Loyola men’s basketball team gave the Nation hope and joy throughout the tour-nament. At 98, Sister Jean has never 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.000 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3214 April 13, 2018 
tired. And it was clear she was having the time of her life. Loyola Chicago is dedicated to train-ing students to be ‘‘men and women for others’’ and to lead extraordinary lives. It is a class act basketball pro-gram which has embodied sportsman-ship ever since 1963, when it became the only Illinois school to win the NCAA tournament, and still is. It is an honor to represent Loyola’s Retreat and Ecology campus in Wood-stock, and I enjoyed cheering on the Ramblers during this amazing ride. I wish all the best to the Loyola Chi-cago men’s basketball team, and I hope to see Sister Jean dance with them again next March. Congratulations, Ramblers. 
f 
HONORING MILITARY CHILDREN (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, there is no question that the Nation’s warfighters are among the bravest and most self-less people in the world. It is fitting that grateful Americans often find a way to thank our servicemen and -women for their defense of our Nation. It is also important, though, not to forget the great sacrifices children of our servicemembers make as well. April is the Month of the Military Child, and during this month, we cele-brate and honor the incredible children of our servicemembers. Many military children serve as America’s youngest ambassadors abroad when their parents are sta-tioned overseas. They may also go long periods of time without the day-to-day parent interactions that many civilian children enjoy, such as meals together and bedtime stories. I salute the children who, alongside their parents, bear countless sacrifices to protect our country’s freedoms. This month and every month, these children deserve our gratitude. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY MATRI-ARCH MARY NAOMI GINWRIGHT SANKS (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize a hero of our district and a wise woman of Haines City. Mary Naomi Ginwright Sanks is 99
1⁄2 years old, and a living legend. As a resident of Haines City, she is a community matriarch, who has and continues to dedicate her life serving others. Ms. Sanks has provided a home to more than 20 foster children, and adopted 4 children of diverse races and gender. She is a hard worker who continu-ously extends her hand to help by vol-unteering to serve at her church and community. Mother Sanks, as she is affection-ately known by the community, is a devoted and compassionate mentor and caregiver who continues to routinely cook and serve food for those who are sick and bed restricted throughout the community. When residents seek Mother Sanks’ advice regarding how to navigate the complexities of life, she can often be heard responding with a smooth smile and warm words of wisdom and advice to say, ‘‘keep it moving.’’ f 
CONGRATULATING ROCHESTER COLLEGE MEN’S AND WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAMS (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to congratulate the Rochester College men’s and women’s basketball teams for winning their re-spective fourth and first-ever USCAA championships. With a stingy defense and a strong will to win, the Rochester College men’s team posted an insurmountable lead in their final game, beating the Oakwood University Ambassadors 80– 61. Men’s head coach Klint Pleasant said: ‘‘In 20 years of having the privi-lege of coaching these young men, I can’t think of a time I have ever been more proud. Toughness, resolve, com-mitment, and genuine relationships ruled the day.’’ The Rochester College women’s team knocked off the first and second seed in the tournament en route to their championship, beating Paul Quinn Col-lege 72–57. Head coach Brent Wichtner summed up their team’s success saying: ‘‘I am so extremely proud of this team and the resiliency they have shown. This will be a day I will always remember.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to con-gratulate the talented, hardworking student athletes of Rochester College. Go Warriors. 
f 
VOLCKER RULE REGULATORY HARMONIZATION ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 811, I call up the bill (H.R. 4790) to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking authority, to exclude community banks from the require-ments of the Volcker rule, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 811, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–67, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 4790 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United Sates of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act’’. 
SEC. 2. RULEMAKING AUTHORITY UNDER THE VOLCKER RULE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 13(b) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(b)(2)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board may, as appro-priate, consult with the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to adopt rules or guidance to carry out this sec-tion, as provided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
ULEMAKING REQUIREMENTS .—In adopt- ing a rule or guidance under subparagraph (A), the Board— ‘‘(i) shall consider the findings of the report required in paragraph (1) and, as appropriate, subsequent reports; ‘‘(ii) shall assure, to the extent possible, that such rule or guidance provide for consistent ap-plication and implementation of the applicable provisions of this section to avoid providing ad-vantages or imposing disadvantages to the com-panies affected by this subsection and to protect the safety and soundness of banking entities and nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board; and ‘‘(iii) shall include requirements to ensure compliance with this section, such as require-ments regarding internal controls and record-keeping. ‘‘(C) A
UTHORITY .—The Board shall have sole authority to issue and amend rules under this section after the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(D) C
ONFORMING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(i) C
ONTINUITY OF REGULATIONS .—Any rules or guidance issued under this section prior to the date of enactment of this paragraph shall continue in effect until the Board issues a suc-cessor rule or guidance, or amends such rule or guidance, pursuant to subparagraph (C). ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABLE GUIDANCE .—In performing examinations or other supervisory duties, the appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, and the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, as appro-priate, shall update any applicable policies and procedures to ensure that such policies and pro-cedures are consistent (to the extent practicable) with any rules or guidance issued pursuant to subparagraph (C).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the appropriate Federal bank-ing agencies, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission,’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘the Board’’; (2) by striking ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agencies, the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, and the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (3) in subsection (c)(5), by striking ‘‘Notwith-standing paragraph (2)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘provided in subsection (b)(2),’’ and in-serting ‘‘The Board shall have the authority’’; and (4) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (F)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘the appropriate Federal bank-ing agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘the Board’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘have not jointly’’ and insert-ing ‘‘has not’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.002 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3215 April 13, 2018 
(B) in subparagraph (G)(viii), by striking ‘‘ap-propriate Federal banking agencies, the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, or the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Board,’’. 
SEC. 3. ENFORCEMENT; ANTI-EVASION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) E
NFORCEMENT ; ANTI-EVASION .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGEN -
CY.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law except for any rules or guidance issued under subsection (b)(2), whenever the appro-priate Federal banking agency has reasonable cause to believe that a banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board has made an investment or engaged in an activity in a manner that either violates the re-strictions under this section, or that functions as an evasion of the requirements of this section (including through an abuse of any permitted activity), such appropriate Federal banking agency shall order, after due notice and oppor-tunity for hearing, the banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board to terminate the activity and, as relevant, dispose of the investment. ‘‘(2) S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
AND COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMIS -
SION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law except for any rules or guid-ance issued under subsection (b)(2), whenever the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as ap-propriate, has reasonable cause to believe that a covered nonbank financial company for which the respective agency is the primary Federal regulator has made an investment or engaged in an activity in a manner that either violates the restrictions under this section, or that functions as an evasion of the requirements of this section (including through an abuse of any permitted activity), the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion or the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion, as appropriate, shall order, after due no-tice and opportunity for hearing, the covered nonbank financial company to terminate the ac-tivity and, as relevant, dispose of the invest-ment. ‘‘(B) C
OVERED NONBANK FINANCIAL COMPANY  
DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘covered nonbank financial company’ means a nonbank financial company (as defined in section 102 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010) supervised by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as appropriate.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to abrogate, reduce, or eliminate the backup authority of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation authority under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811), or Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Im-provement Act of 1991. 
SEC. 4. EXCLUSION OF COMMUNITY BANKS FROM VOLCKER RULE. 
Section 13(h)(1) of the Bank Holding Com-pany Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(h)(1)) is amend-ed— (1) in subparagraph (D), by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) as clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so re-designated, in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘institution that functions solely in a trust or fiduciary capacity, if—’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘institution— ‘‘(A) that functions solely in a trust or fidu-ciary capacity, if—’’; (4) in clause (iv)(II), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) that does not have and is not controlled by a company that has— ‘‘(i) more than $10,000,000,000 in total consoli-dated assets; and ‘‘(ii) total trading assets and trading liabil-ities, as reported on the most recent applicable regulatory filing filed by the institution, that are more than 5 percent of total consolidated as-sets.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, another day, another strong bipartisan bill presented to the House by the House Financial Services Committee. I take great pride in that fact. Today, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act. I want to thank, first, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for his lead-ership on the issue and so many other issues in front of our committee. And I want to thank his bipartisan partner, the Democrat gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) for his leadership on his side of the aisle on this very im-portant piece of legislation. As a result of their hard work, this bill was reported out of our committee, Mr. Speaker, 50–10, which means 80 per-cent—80 percent—of our colleagues on the committee supported the legisla-tion, including a majority of the Demo-crats. Now, Mr. Speaker, we enjoy, in America, the deepest, strongest, and most liquid capital markets, frankly, the world has ever known, and that helps us have a very strong, strong progrowth economy. Our capital markets are vital; vital to the job growth and job-creating ma-chine in America. Our capital markets provide very important funding to Main Street businesses and to entre-preneurs for short-term operations and long-term growth. Main Street businesses, for example, like an equipment and party rental store in my district, whose owner is named Arlis, who told me, ‘‘The num-ber one issue for me to keep the doors open is access to capital.’’ That is why it is so critical that we ensure that he has access to capital. I also heard from Jeff from Hender-son County in the Fifth District of Texas that I have the privilege of rep-resenting. He owns a farm and ranch store, and he explained, ‘‘During the past year, I have been able to expand my business location and double my in-ventory. I have been able to hire addi-tional employees as I grow. Without access to credit, things like this would not be possible.’’ Just two quick little vignettes about how in our economy capital formation, access to credit, how important that is for the job engine of America. So again, Mr. Speaker, members of the House Financial Services Com-mittee on both sides of the aisle have been working very hard on bipartisan pieces of legislation that can result in smarter, more efficient, more effective regulation that our hardworking tax-payers expect so that we can have ro-bust capital formation and our job cre-ators, our small business people like Jeff and Arlis, can continue to grow and prosper. H.R. 4790 is just one example of this type of legislation. Specifically, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4790 will streamline the regulatory authority set forth in sec-tion 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, a sec-tion more commonly known as the Volcker rule. It provides a framework that will provide increased regulatory clarity for entities that must comply with the Volcker rule. It does this by consolidating—consolidating—rule-making authority and interpretation with the Federal Reserve Board, and for purposes of examination and en-forcement, designating the primary Federal regulator for a covered entity as the sole regulator in those capac-ities. The challenge here, Mr. Speaker, is that some entities can have as many as five different regulators interpreting the Volcker rule and five different reg-ulators enforcing the Volcker rule. Sometimes they conflict with each other, Mr. Speaker, and, frankly, the entity doesn’t know what to do. You cannot have an economy based on the rule of law when, frankly, you don’t know what the law says. So the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) brings a very simple bill to the House floor that says we are going to have one—one—regulator in charge of interpreting the rules, and the pri-mary regulator is going to be in charge of enforcing the rule. It is common sense. It creates efficiency. b0915 Now, I want to be clear about one thing: H.R. 4790 does not repeal the Volcker rule. I wish it did, but it doesn’t. That is not what we are debat-ing here today. Outside of providing important relief to community banks—bipartisan regu-latory relief that, by the way, has al-ready been approved by a strong two- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.001 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3216 April 13, 2018 
thirds of our Senate colleagues—this bill doesn’t require any changes to the Volcker rule itself. I highlight this because this legisla-tion, again, represents something that Members of Congress should agree on, that regardless of how you stand on a particular rule or regulation, it at least ought to be clear, and there ought to be one interpretation and one en-forcer of the rule so that you know what the rule is. You can’t abide by the rule if you don’t know what the rule is. This is only common sense, and it can only lead to, again, stronger, deeper, more liquid capital markets to help our job creators. So regardless of whether we support the Volcker rule or we wish to repeal it, hopefully, we can at least agree that it shouldn’t be unnecessarily complex and burdensome and virtually impos-sible to abide by. And so that, again, is what H.R. 4790 is simply trying to do. Mr. Speaker, I commend this piece of legislation to all of my colleagues. It is a very important piece of legislation, again, strongly bipartisan. Eighty per-cent of the Members of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee support it. Again, I want to commend the lead-ership of the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), and with that, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start off with a quote from Speaker P
AULRYAN in a 2012 townhall meeting. This is what he said to his constituents: ‘‘If you’re a bank and you want to operate like some nonbank entity like a hedge fund, then don’t be a bank. Don’t let banks use their customers’ money to do anything other than traditional banking.’’ I agree, and that is why Congress passed the Volcker rule in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, to prevent tax-payer-backed banks from engaging in risky, speculative activities like own-ing hedge funds. But since that time, Republicans have engaged in a relent-less attack against the Volcker rule at the behest of Wall Street megabanks. H.R. 4790, the so-called Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act, is the latest threat to that rule. Specifically, H.R. 4790, contains two problematic provisions that would create a loophole in the Volcker rule and make it easier for the Trump administration to weak-en or repeal it. Leading up to the financial crisis, Wall Street megabanks engaged in pro-prietary trading, which is essentially speculative, highly leveraged betting that benefits their bottom line but uses federally insured loans backed by the U.S. taxpayer. These banks gambled on exotic finan-cial instruments like collateralized debt obligations comprised of risky subprime mortgages and credit default swaps, which even the legendary inves-tor, Warren Buffett, criticized as ‘‘fi-nancial weapons of mass destruction.’’ When the Housing bubble finally burst, these bets led to massive losses and required the Federal Government to bail out the banking industry with trillions of taxpayer dollars to stop an economic catastrophe. To protect the American taxpayer and the economy from this sort of risky trading as well as to return banks to the business of helping consumers and small busi-nesses, Congress included the Volcker rule’s ban on proprietary trading as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act. Specifically, the Volcker rule pro-hibits taxpayer-backed banks from en-gaging in risky proprietary trading and from owning hedge funds and private equity funds. It also prohibits banks from owning the very same risky collateralized debt obligations that ac-celerated the 2008 crisis. According to Martin Gruenberg, Chairman of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, that is, the FDIC, which is the agency charged with pro-tecting taxpayers from bank bailouts, ‘‘had it,’’ this prohibition, ‘‘been in place then, the Volcker rule would have constrained the proliferation of such instruments.’’ The result today is less reckless risk- taking by Wall Street megabanks and a stronger financial system. And despite dire predictions by Republicans, our banks have returned to lending to con-sumers and businesses, and our finan-cial markets are adapting and thriving. For example, since passage of Dodd- Frank, bank lending to businesses has increased 80 percent; and in the bond market, which has long been domi-nated by bank dealers, we have seen record-new bond issuance by compa-nies, States, cities, and towns seeking to raise funds and record trading vol-umes in those bonds. Most other metrics also show a healthy corporate bond market. Nevertheless, H.R. 4790 is just the lat-est Republican attempt to weaken the Volcker rule. First, the bill would pro-vide a blanket exemption from the Volcker rule for 97 percent of our Na-tion’s banks which have consolidated assets of $10 billion or less and with less than 5 percent of those assets in trading assets. To be clear, most community banks do not engage in any trading activities and, therefore, have no compliance re-quirements under the rule. However, H.R. 4790 would give all community banks the congressional thumbs-up to begin speculative trading instead of fo-cusing on the traditional business of banking. It also makes community banks prime targets for hedge fund salesmen. Now, why is this an area of concern for me? It is an area of concern because I hear the community banks when they say that their numbers are going down because of mergers and consolidation. This bill does not help with this prob-lem. It makes it worse because it sends a shining beacon to hedge funds all over the country that they can peddle risky and questionable investments to community banks, and the regulators will be none the wiser. I am extraordinarily concerned with the extent of the affordable housing crisis our Nation is facing. We need banks to invest in housing and in our communities. I believe that commu-nity banks can provide those kind of investments. But I am also concerned that, if the hedge funds can prey on community banks with little oversight, then they will be unable to provide the kinds of investments in housing and small busi-nesses that communities need. Instead, we will see more community banks in-vesting in hedge funds and possibly leaving these communities behind. So when Members ask: How can we create more affordable housing or ad-dress the issues that experts like Dr. Matthew Desmond are raising on the housing crisis in America, one thing that we can do is not think narrowly about the impact of financial services legislation, and, particularly, legisla-tion like H.R. 4790 that can create last-ing, unintended consequences if not carefully considered. We should think broadly and realize that the policies that we make for banks can have real impacts on the communities they serve. And the regu-lators and experts have done just that. They have carefully considered the bill’s provisions and the unintended consequences that could ensue. That is why the blanket carve-out in this bill is opposed by former Federal Reserve Chairman and the rule’s name-sake, Paul Volcker, who has said: ‘‘I know from my long experience in bank-ing and savings and loan regulation that plausibly small loopholes can be ‘gamed’ and exploited with unfortunate consequences.’’ Paul Volcker was Chairman of the Federal Reserve for part of the savings and loan crisis, which, during that time, more than 1,000 S&Ls failed, fully one-third of the industry. The exemption is also opposed by FDIC Chairman Gruenberg, FDIC Vice Chairman Thomas Hoenig, and inves-tors and advocates. If we truly want to reduce regulatory burdens on community banks that en-gage in permitted trading activity, we should be looking at other ways to ac-commodate them, such as by creating a presumption of compliance with the Volcker rule, which reduces compli-ance costs without opening up a loop-hole. Rather than encouraging banks, especially community banks, to make speculative bets on hedge funds or de-rivatives, we should be doing every-thing possible to ensure banks are fo-cused on supporting their communities by offering mortgages and commercial loans. Second, H.R. 4790 would repeal the re-quirement that the Federal Reserve, FDIC; Office of the Comptroller of Cur-rency, that is the OCC; Securities and Exchange Commission, that is the SEC; and the Commodity Futures Trading 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.005 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3217 April 13, 2018 
Commission, that is the CFTC, work together to jointly implement the rule. Instead, the bill would delegate sole rulemaking authority to the Federal Reserve, which could choose to consult or not consult with the other regu-lators. This would unreasonably cut the FDIC out of any future rule changes, even though it is the regulator charged with protecting deposit insurance against the very risky, speculative ac-tivities the Volcker rule was designed to prevent. It would also cut the OCC out of the rulemaking process, even though it oversees institutions that account for approximately 40 percent of bank hold-ing company trading revenues. And it would cut out the SEC and the CFTC, even though those agencies have the expertise and jurisdiction over broker dealers and future traders and their marketmaking activities. Worse, appointing the Fed a single regulator would make it easier for the Trump administration to weaken and repeal the Volcker rule, even though it was expeditiously promulgated in 2 years and the regulators are now work-ing together to make appropriate changes. While the bill would at least allow the appropriate banking regu-lators—SEC and CFTC—to enforce the rule, such enforcement authority is meaningless if the Volcker rule is ef-fectively gutted by the Trump adminis-tration. But this is what my Republican col-leagues want. Chairman H
ENSARLING ’s 600-page Big Bank giveaway, H.R. 10, known as the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, would have repealed the Volcker rule outright. H.R. 4790 is merely the latest attempt to do the same thing. Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose H.R. 4790, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds just to say I am not sure what bill the ranking member is debating. It does not appear to be H.R. 4790, and I have my own quotes. Paul Volcker, himself, said the Volcker rule is ‘‘much more com-plicated than I would like to see.’’ President Obama’s Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen, said: ‘‘Imple-mentation of the Volcker rule is, frankly, complex. . . .’’ President Obama’s Federal Reserve Governor Tarullo said: ‘‘Several years of experience have convinced me that . . . the Volcker rule is too com-plicated.’’ President Obama’s former Comp-troller of the Currency said the Volcker rule ‘‘has been one of the most complex rulemakings I can remember being involved in.’’ That is why we need to simplify it. Mr. Speaker, I am now very happy to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the bill’s sponsor, one of the hardest working and most knowledgeable members on our com-mittee. b0930 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I appreciate the chair-man’s leadership in bringing this bill to the floor today. I think the American people should be very pleased that this bill is coming to the floor in the form that it is, be-cause we are doing two things here, Mr. Speaker, that I hear about from con-stituents all the time in terms of the way Congress should work. First, the Dodd-Frank Act was passed 8 years ago this July and has been scrutinized by Congresses since that time on how it can be improved. What are the implications of it? What are the unintended consequences of it? No section of this bill was talked about more than section 619, the Volcker rule. So we are evaluating it, and we are bringing today a bipartisan solution to something that regulators say is a problem, bankers say is a prob-lem, and our consumers and businesses have had the unintended consequences of being hurt by, because it has not al-lowed our capital markets to function efficiently. So, first, Dodd-Frank is subject to re-view after it was passed. That is some-thing our constituents want. We know no law is perfect when it is passed. It is not a piece of the true cross discovered by St. Helena in Jerusalem. It is not part of the Rosetta Stone. It is subject to the scrutiny of the people—our peo-ple—the American people. Secondly, people tell me all the time: Why can’t you be more bipartisan? So, Mr. Speaker, this is people’s ex-hibit A of bipartisanship. The Financial CHOICE Act that this House passed last year repealed the Volcker rule. We believe it harms the capital market system of this country. We believe it was an overreaction to the financial crisis. We had members of the Obama ad-ministration who said that proprietary trading didn’t even contribute to the financial crisis. But set that issue aside. We proposed repeal. Over in the United States Senate, they passed the bill with two-thirds of the Senate, Mr. Speaker, to say that the Volcker rule is not perfect. Section 619 is not right, and they ex-empt community banks under $10 bil-lion that don’t have trading activity. They exempt them completely in the U.S. Senate bill passed with two-thirds of the Senate. I think all Americans know that two-thirds of the Senate agreeing on something is shocking. They can’t even agree that there are 24 hours in a day. So this bill represents an improve-ment. This bill represents bipartisan-ship. With my friend, Dr. FOSTER , we have worked from the yin of full repeal to the Senate-exempt community banks. We have identical language to exempt community banks in this bill, Mr. Speaker. That is why we got a 50– 0 vote in our committee. It is common sense. But we add one feature that we think improves that Senate language, and that is the heart of what is changed in this bill and the heart of what Dr. FOS-
TER worked on, which is, how do we harmonize the interpretation of this 1,000-page complex rule that our Fed-eral Reserve bank presidents don’t un-derstand and our current chairman said that trading desks had to have a Ouija board to figure out how to do a trade? So we want a standard, har-monized interpretation of this rule, and that is what Dr. F
OSTER and I pro-pose today. They have tried other ways. We have an Interagency Working Group. They sit around, drink coffee, and figure out ways to harmonize stuff. But they have failed. There were hundreds of ques-tions submitted: How do we interpret this rule? They could come up with 21 answers, Mr. Speaker, out of hundreds submitted. So for that reason, Dr. F
OSTER and I suggest that the Federal Reserve sys-tem be first among equals in inter-preting this complex rule. Why? Be-cause they oversee all of the bank hold-ing companies in the country, the most complex institutions in the country. In my view, that is what we need to do. We are bipartisan. We have com-promised. We have brought both sides together. We have improved the bill. Like our chairman, I wish it were re-pealed, but that is not possible right now. So we take a step forward to make it a better rule that provides more certainty for market makers. If market makers have more cer-tainty, Mr. Speaker, broker-dealers under $10 billion or over $10 billion will have a more clear compliance regime. Our towns and municipalities that re-quire in their municipal bonds having market makers and trading will get better prices, which means our water and sewer systems are going to cost less when it comes to the net interest cost. That is what we are trying to do, is improve our capital markets and let our companies have more market mak-ers. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. I thank Dr. F
OSTER for his support, and I thank the chairman for bringing it to the floor. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ), who is a member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for yielding me the time and for her commitment to thoughtful debate in our caucus to get the best results for the people that we represent. I thank Congressman H
ILLfor work-ing with me and our staff for months to craft the bipartisan bill that you see on the floor today. When I first entered Congress, the Great Recession required an emergency response for lawmakers to save the economy from collapse, and then it re-quired a thoughtful response to make sure that we would have an economy that would remain stable and work for everyone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.006 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3218 April 13, 2018 
That is why I worked hard to draft the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and I am proud that it has succeeded in cre-ating a more stable and better capital-ized financial system so that hard-working families should never have to endure a similar financial crisis. The balance has generally been good be-tween reining in risk and allowing fi-nancial services firms to play their necessary role in our economy. We have to constantly monitor for new risks and ways that regulation may unintentionally reduce liquidity or restrict access to capital. But first and foremost, we need to fight to pre-serve the substantive pieces that we got right and to build on its success with improvements to the law. That in-cludes the Volcker rule, a crucial as-pect of protecting the system. The cur-rent arrangement uses a committee of five agencies—the Fed, OCC, FDIC, SEC, and CFTC—to write and update the rule. During Volcker rulemaking, each regulator on the committee has an ef-fective veto over any proposed policy. I spoke with former regulators who were involved in that rulemaking process and came to understand that the com-mittee decision often formed around the weakest regulatory position, which is not good. The veto of each regulator also applies to interpreted guidance, which makes it very hard for either in-dustry or watchdog groups to get a straight answer on what the details of the Volcker rule actually are. H.R. 4790 would strengthen Dodd- Frank by making regulatory practices more efficient and clear. The bill, in-cluding my amendment, would make the Federal Reserve the sole rule-making agency for the Volcker rule, identify the regulator primarily re-sponsible for oversight of an institu-tion, and provide relief to community banks who are not going to threaten our economy by setting up a massive proprietary trading desk. Consolidated rulemaking at the Fed will also streamline the process for up-dating the Volcker rule to new market conditions that may create new threats. As markets change, we need a single nimble regulator to respond by amending the rule and providing an in-terpretation for new conditions. Identifying the single regulator re-sponsible for Volcker oversight of an institution ensures consistent imple-mentation and enforcement. This will be the Fed for a bank holding company, the OCC for a national bank, the FDIC for a federally insured State-chartered bank, the SEC for a broker-dealer, and the CFTC for a swap dealer. Impor-tantly, the FDIC retains its backup ex-amination authority for banks to pro-tect the Deposit Insurance Fund with respect to all insured institutions. Exempting small community banks will relieve a significant compliance cost that is unnecessary because few of these banks have any interest in pro-prietary trading. This would also allow the regulators to focus on the largest banks which are the only ones capable of having large trading operations. These large banks hold 82 percent of all deposits and are the potential source of nearly all systemic risk. The bill limits the exemption to banks with less than $10 billion in as-sets and less than 5 percent of those as-sets being in trading assets. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
ANCE ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Illinois an additional 30 seconds. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, this 5 per-cent limitation means that any well- capitalized small bank that decides to invest in tradeable assets could take 100 percent losses on its trading posi-tions without becoming insolvent and without threatening the Deposit Insur-ance Fund. So there is no gambling with taxpayer funds involved here. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to support a stronger Volcker rule by bringing greater efficiency and transparency to the policy formulation and greater con-sistency to implementation and en-forcement. I thank, again, the ranking member for yielding me the time, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the final passage of H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule Regulatory Har-monization Act. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), who is the chairman of the Capital Markets, Secu-rities, and Investment Subcommittee. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, the ranking member seems as if she would like to have a conversation about hous-ing and prices. I am happy to do that— I am a former realtor and builder—just not right now. Today, we are here to talk about H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule Regulatory Har-monization Act, introduced by my good friend and colleague, Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4790 would streamline the regu-latory authority over the Volcker rule by granting the Federal Reserve the exclusive primary authority, while re-quiring all of the other agencies to yet do their job as prescribed. This was really about proprietary trading. Because of the key role that market making plays in ensuring deep, liquid capital markets, the framers of the Volcker rule sought to exempt market-making activities from the coverage of its prohibition on propri-etary trading. There is just one problem: The line between impermissible ‘‘proprietary trading’’ and permissible ‘‘market making’’ is virtually impossible to draw. To add insult to injury, the framers of the Volcker rule unartfully con-ferred responsibility for both imple-menting and enforcing the rule on five different Federal financial regulators, all of which have different mandates and regulatory philosophies: the Fed-eral Reserve, FDIC, OCC, SEC, and the CFTC. It is an alphabet soup of regu-lators. With each regulator having different statutory mandates and regulatory missions, is it any surprise that these five agencies have failed to reach a consensus on the regulation to imple-ment the Volcker rule’s vague legisla-tive language? Let me give you another example. This is a little like driving down an un-marked section of the road where the State police, the Department of Trans-portation, the local police, the parking attendant, and the FBI have all been told that they have primary enforce-ment responsibilities for the speed limit. It just doesn’t make sense. As a result, banks are getting out of the market-making business for fear of running afoul of the Volcker rule. This is a great detriment to the U.S. capital markets. The real-world implications of the Volcker rule have been higher bor-rowing costs for job creators, smaller investment returns for hardworking families, and less economic activity overall because of further regulatory restraints placed on already reduced li-quidity margins in key fixed-income markets, including the corporate bond market. So, needless to say, from its incep-tion, the Volcker rule has been a solu-tion in search of a problem. It seeks to address activities that had nothing to do with the financial crisis, and its practical effect has been to undermine financial stability rather than to pre-serve it. H.R. 4790 is a much-needed first step to addressing the numerous unintended and negative consequences of the Volcker rule. This bipartisan bill, as has been pointed out, streamlines the rulemaking authority of the Federal Reserve. It consolidates examination and enforcement authority into a sin-gle primary regulator. This legislative measure makes im-portant and sensible changes to ensure much-needed regulatory clarity and re-duces burdensome compliance costs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Michigan an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, despite the hyperbole you are hearing from the ranking member, nothing in this bill grants the Federal Reserve the ability to repeal the Volcker rule—nothing. Additionally, the other regulators, that alphabet soup of regulators, are still required to enforce the law. Everyone deserves to have clarity and understanding of what the rules of the road are, and that is what this bill is trying to do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4790. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when the gentleman from Michigan started his remarks, he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.007 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3219 April 13, 2018 
accused me of wanting to talk about housing. He is absolutely correct. I want to talk about housing. I believe that if we really understood the needs of our constituents all over this coun-try, instead of talking about megabanks and how we can give them whatever they want in order to make more profits, we should be talking about housing. We should be talking about housing needs in this country. As a matter of fact, I have said to the chairman more than once that I really would like to have a hearing on home-lessness because homelessness is ex-ploding all over the country. In the city of Los Angeles, we have probably over 53,000 homeless people every night without a place to lay their heads. Oh, yes, we should be talking about housing. You cannot separate trading from housing in the way that maybe some would attempt to do: Oh, this is about Volcker; it has nothing to do with housing. Oh, yes, it does. b0945 Because, instead of this risky trading that the banks are doing, they should be investing in our communities and providing for affordable housing. And let me just tell you, African- American homeownership today is as low as it was when housing discrimina-tion was legal. There is not a single county in the United States with suffi-cient affordable housing. So, yes, we should be talking about housing, and thank you for bringing it to my attention. Thank you for accus-ing me of wanting to talk about hous-ing. Last year our Nation’s banks re-ported $164.8 billion in profit. Had it not been for the Republicans’ new tax law which required them to take a one- time charge, the FDIC estimates that the banks would have profited to the tune of $183.1 billion, which is an all- time high and an increase of 7.2 percent from 2016 and a 26 percent increase from 2006. So I think it is a little hard to argue that banks don’t have enough money to lend, but let’s look at what they did with that money. The Wall Street megabanks returned a lot of that money to their share-holders in the form of dividends and stock buybacks. For example, in June 2017, J.P. Morgan announced a stock repurchase program of up to $19.4 bil-lion, its biggest buyback since the fi-nancial crisis. Citigroup also an-nounced its largest ever stock buyback program, worth up to $15.6 billion, and doubled its dividend. The Wall Street megabanks also handsomely rewarded their CEOs with some of the biggest paydays since 2006. Five Wall Street banks, combined, paid their CEOs a total compensation of $126 million, the highest amount since be-fore the financial crisis. Each chief of the banks—which includes Bank of America, J.P. Morgan, and Morgan Stanley—received an average $25.3 mil-lion for their work, and that was up 17 percent from 2016. Mr. Speaker, we listen to Chairman H
ENSARLING ’s stories. He shares a lot of stories with us that he receives from his constituents about problems they are having receiving car loans or a mortgage. And I agree, we should be doing more to expand access to credit for consumers; but what I do not agree with is the Republican argument that, if we only repealed bank regulations, then all of a sudden those individuals would receive the car loans and the mortgages that they currently cannot. Banks are raking in money hand over fist, and they could use that money now to lend to creditworthy borrowers instead of paying millions of dollars in bonuses to their CEOs. Let’s be clear about what is really going on. No amount of regulatory relief will cure Wall Street greed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. D
UFFY ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Housing and In-surance. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Mr. H
ILLon putting together such a great bill, the Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act, a bill that you might not know from this conversation has wide bipartisan support in our committee, which has a lot of different views, left and right. It passed 50–10— passed 50–10. I want to talk about the Volcker rule in a second, but my good friend across the aisle—I call her a friend—is talking about big banks and all the bad things they are doing. Listen, when banks do well, our communities do well. When banks don’t do well, we see crises spread across America, and people get hurt. When we talk about some of the big-gest banks and making sure they have strong and stiff regulation, I would agree with the ranking member; but when we talk about their stock prices going up, we have got to ask: Who owns J.P. Morgan? Who owns Wells Fargo? Who owns the biggest banks in Amer-ica? The people who President Trump had on his stage yesterday in the Rose Gar-den: It is truck drivers. It is the Wis-consin teachers. It is the people who work across this country who put money in their 401(k)s that own all of these stocks. And when those stock prices rise, so, too, do the values of the 401(k)s, because they own those Amer-ican businesses. When you look at the Volcker rule and this ham-handed way in which it was put together and you are starting to reduce marketmaking in an effort to get away from proprietary trading, what you find is more volatility. And what you see then is the price of mort-gages actually go up. Having markets that actually work is a way to get the most efficient pric-ing to homeowners, which is what we are trying to do here, which is why so many Democrats voted for a bill like this from Mr. HILL. I know this is not a housing con-versation, but it is true that there are a lot more homeless people in America. We were devastated by the Obama economy. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Wisconsin an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I think we can’t deny the fact that, when you want to buy a house, you have to have a salary. You have to have a job. As the President likes to point out, the unemployment rate for the Afri-can-American and the Hispanic com-munities, of which my wife is one, is at all-time lows. They have jobs. And when you have a job, you have a salary. When you have a salary, you can buy a house. What I don’t want to do is what we did before the 2008 crisis, which is give mortgages to people who can’t afford to pay them, and then they lose those homes in foreclosure and their lives are devastated. We want to make loans to people who can afford to pay the mort-gage and keep their home. Now is the time under a Trump economy where people have jobs, income, and can now afford to buy a home. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is absolutely amaz-ing. We had the gentleman earlier who said this is not the time to talk about housing, and then we have the gen-tleman from Wisconsin who says, when the banks do well, our constituents do well. The banks are making millions of dollars; the CEOs are making millions of dollars; and they have bank tellers and people who work who are not even making $15 an hour. We can’t even get a minimum wage increase, Federal minimum wage increase for our con-stituents, and many of them are work-ing in these megabanks where the CEOs are walking away every year with millions of dollars in pay. So these statements, when banks do well, everybody does well, I wish my good friend would reexamine that statement because I think, when he thinks about it, he might want to re-tract it and take that back. ‘‘Certainly, we have to do a better job ring-fencing, fire-walling—what-ever metaphor you want to use—be-tween an insured depository institu-tion and a noninsured investment bank.’’ That is a quote from Chairman J
EBHENSARLING , March 2013. That ap-peared in The Wall Street Journal. And this is just what the Volcker rule does. ‘‘If you’re a bank and you want to op-erate like some nonbank entity like a hedge fund, then don’t be a bank. Don’t let banks use their customers’ money 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.009 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3220 April 13, 2018 
to do anything other than traditional banking.’’ Again, I repeat, that is what Speaker P
AULRYANsaid in May 2012 in a townhall meeting. ‘‘I do support the Volcker rule. I think the concept of proprietary trad-ing does not belong in banks with FDIC insurance.’’ That is a quote from Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, January 2017, during the Senate con-firmation hearings. Another quote: ‘‘I think the Volcker rule is very important and it is good. I think the Volcker rule is good. Banks should not be a last resort to sell secu-rities. Banks should not have prop desks buying them.’’ That was Carl Icahn, the hedge fund manager and currently special adviser to President Trump on regulatory re-form during a 2015 conference. Another quote: ‘‘Proprietary trading played a big role in manufacturing the CDOs and other instruments that were at the heart of the financial crisis. . . . If firms weren’t able to buy up the parts of these deals that wouldn’t sell . . . the game would have stopped a lot sooner.’’ This is a quote by Michael Madden, a managing director of the investment firm BlackEagle Partners and a former Lehman executive. We have more quotes. Here is one: ‘‘The industry should be compartmen-talized so as to limit the propagation of failures and also to preserve cultural boundaries.’’ That is a quote by John Reed, the former Citigroup chairman, in a Senate testimony, February 2010. Further quoting: ‘‘A strong Volcker rule is one of the most important pro-visions to prevent ‘too big to fail’ fi-nancial institutions, stop conflicts of interest, and support credit in our economy. . . . Failure to comply should be severely punished.’’ And this is what Reed said in a letter to regu-lators, February 2012. Again, in looking at all of these quotes, we find that there is one from former Democratic and Republican Secretaries of the Treasury W. Michael Blumenthal, joined by Nicholas Brady, Paul O’Neill, George Schultz, and John Snow. This is what they said: ‘‘Banks bene-fiting from public support by means of access to the Federal Reserve and FDIC insurance should not engage in essen-tially speculative activity unrelated to essential bank services.’’ Again, all of these gentlemen said this in a letter, reported in The Wall Street Journal, February 2010. This was a letter to the editor. And let me just, again, refer to one of the greatest economists in this country and the former Chair of the FDIC, Paul Volcker. What did he say? He said, in essence: The five banking regulatory authorities have now suc-cessfully responded to the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by setting out a comprehensive regulation restricting proprietary trading by commercial banks in the United States. . . . The agencies have dealt comprehensively with thousands of particular concep-tual and practical questions raised by affected bankers, by legions of lobby-ists, by other interested parties, and by the general public. . . . The result should help the process of restoring trust and confidence in commercial banking institutions. It is, after all, those institutions which benefit from explicit and implicit public support that we count on to provide a strong, safe, and effective financial system— Paul Volcker, December 2013. ‘‘The Volcker rule will make it ille-gal for firms to use government-in-sured money to make speculative bets that threaten the entire financial sys-tem and demand a new era of account-ability from CEOs who must sign off on their firms’ practices. Our financial system will be safer, and the American people are more secure because we fought to include this protection in the law.’’ That was President Obama, De-cember 2013. Mr. Speaker, with that, I will reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), who has come to actually speak on H.R. 4790 as op-posed to H.R. red herring, the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Se-curities, and Investments. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank the hardest working, most effective chairman in all of Con-gress; and I also want to thank my good friend and colleague French Hill for sponsoring this legislation. I also want to thank my friend and colleague from Illinois, B
ILL FOSTER , for his work on this. I am also very happy to be a cospon-sor of the Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act. This legislation strikes a bipartisan balance for simpli-fying some of the regulatory burden of the Volcker rule and provides a clear exemption for community banks. b1000 The Dodd-Frank Act granted respon-sibility to five different financial regu-lators with implementing and enforc-ing the Volcker rule: the Fed, OCC, FDIC, SEC, and CFTC. Every Member of this body knows that it can be dif-ficult to come to an agreement when you have too many cooks in the kitch-en. Imagine if this were the case for promulgating, implementing, and en-forcing something as complicated as the Volcker rule. One Illinois bank, that serves thou-sands of my constituents, explained it is this way: ‘‘This overlapping author-ity with respect to interpretations and guidance, as well as examinations and supervision, is inefficient and requires unnecessary time and effort, on the part of banks as well as regulators, to ensure compliance.’’ The Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmo-nization Act is an artful solution to dealing with this issue. It grants the Federal Reserve the exclusive rule-making authority under section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act and provides the sole examination and enforcement au-thority by an entity’s primary Federal regulator. The bill also addresses the concerns that community banks have raised with the Volcker rule. H.R. 4790 exempts banking organiza-tions that do not have or are not con-trolled by entities with $10 billion or more in total consolidated assets and total trading assets or trading liabil-ities that are more than 5 percent of total consolidated assets. Because of the Volcker rule’s com-plexity, even those community banks that do not conduct any proprietary trading have, nonetheless, had to incur large costs simply proving what the regulators already know, that they are not engaged in activities covered by the rule. This is simply not fair to sub-ject community banks to these costs associated with this. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), my friend and champion of consumers. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for her con-stant leadership to restore prudent banking to this country and rein in reckless speculation. When six megabanks in our country control over 75 percent of the wealth, that is too much power in too few hands. It has become increasingly clear that the Republican Party is focusing its efforts in this Congress on the only issue in which the GOP can seem to collect a consensus: handing out mas-sive giveaways to the fat cats on Wall Street and their 1 percent buddies. The number of Dodd-Frank rollbacks we have seen this year alone is a bliz-zard. Now, this bill, the Volcker rule repeal, is just that, another Dodd- Frank rollback wrapped and tied with a big bow for giants Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan and their like. The bill rolls back key prudent bank-ing protections put into place to pre-vent another financial meltdown and protect hardworking Americans from losing their wealth. You know, not one of those buzzards went to jail. The bill allows for a blanket exemp-tion for the Volcker rule for banks with less than $10 billion in assets. Oh, I feel so sorry for them. They only have $10 billion. There is no logic behind al-lowing banks of a certain size to en-gage in the exact type of speculative— risky speculation that contributed to the financial crisis that we are still digging our way out of. Don’t we remember Countrywide? It wasn’t so long ago. You know, my un-flagging dedication to leveling the playing field and building up our pru-dent lenders, community banks, and credit unions is the reason I stand to object to this legislation today. We can’t allow such foundational building blocks of our communities to be wrecked again into the mangled prog-eny of the big six, and that is just what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.011 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3221 April 13, 2018 
my colleagues on the Republican side are about. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, on top of this blanket exemption, the bill also hands complete rulemaking power to the Fed rather than having checks and balances inside the executive branch, paving the way to completely gut the Volcker rule. You know, Fed Chair, formerly Paul Volcker, had said: ‘‘I know from my long experience in banking and savings and loan regulation that plausibly small loopholes can be ‘gamed’ and ex-ploited with unfortunate con-sequences.’’ Again I say: Remember Countrywide? African Americans lost half their ac-cumulated wealth since the founding of the Republic, Latinos a third, and ev-erybody else a fifth. You know what, it is time to keep prudent banking ele-vated and curb the speculators. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), who is familiar with the eight-page bill and knows that H.R. 4790 does not repeal the Volcker rule. He happens to be the vice chairman of the Financial Serv-ices Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his exceptional leadership on this important consider-ation and legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the gentleman from Arkan-sas, as well and the whip of the Finan-cial Services Committee, for his work on H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule Regu-latory Harmonization Act. Mr. H
ILL’s legislation streamlines the rulemaking process by granting the Federal Reserve sole authority to make exemption determinations under the Volcker rule. This simplification is a vital change from the confusion and the regulatory inconsistencies of the current Volcker rule by resolving the problem of having five different regu-lators weighing in on the same issue. This bill also exempts community banks under $10 billion in assets from the rule. Mr. Speaker, I want to note that, ac-cording to the FDIC, community banks with less than $10 billion in assets rep-resent 92 percent of the insured institu-tions. Now, more than ever, actions like this need to be taken to provide relief to community banks and smaller financial institutions. Look no further than my State in North Carolina, which has lost 50 per-cent of its banks since this financial crisis and the inception of the Dodd- Frank bill. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ILLfor his work on this bipartisan piece of legislation. It is long past time that we provide commonsense reforms to overly complex regulations passed under the Dodd-Frank Act. This is why I strongly urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4790. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmoni-zation Act. I appreciate the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for his lead-ership on this issue. At over 930 pages, section 619 of Dodd-Frank, otherwise known as the Volcker rule, is as lengthy as it is com-plex and confusing. The Volcker rule is framed as a solution to a problem that never existed in the first place. Right now there are five different agencies responsible for overseeing the imple-mentation of the Volcker rule. These five agencies all have different legal mandates and regulatory missions, which have led to duplicate and con-current reviews into U.S. banks. In the 25th District of Texas, commu-nity banks are struggling to get by and wonder why they have five different regulators knocking on their doors about the same issue. Only in Wash-ington would that kind of backwards thinking be rewarded. H.R. 4790 would streamline regu-latory authority over the Volcker rule by giving the Federal Reserve exclu-sive rulemaking authority. In other words, banks won’t have five different regulators coming to them about the same regulation. As a result, Main Street will be able to breathe again. Mr. Speaker, the bottom line is this: This is a commonsense way of gov-erning that we should see more of in this Chamber. I am proud to support this piece of legislation that passed the committee with wide bipartisan sup-port just last month, and I encourage the whole House to vote in favor of it today. Now, we have had a lot of quotes. I have a quote. ‘‘Business is good and business is getting better. H.R. 4790 moves our economy to new levels like we have never seen in years. R
OGER  W
ILLIAMS , small business owner. Thank you very much.’’ Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire, how many more speakers does Mr. H
ENSARLING  have? Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, the majority has three more speakers. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), another hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4790, which makes important changes to our finan-cial regulatory system that will pro-vide clarity and consistency for our community financial institutions. I want to thank my colleague from Arkansas for bringing this important legislation forward. The Volcker rule, a creation of the Dodd-Frank Act, sought to prohibit reckless trading and invest-ment strategies to protect consumers. Instead, it has led to yet another over-ly complex one-size-fits-all regulatory regime that adds additional pressure on our already overregulated commu-nity banks. The complexities of this rule and its unintended consequences have been ac-knowledged by the current and prior administration as well as by Members on both sides of the aisle. The mere fact that five different agencies: the Fed; the FDIC; Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency, the OCC; Secu-rities and Exchange Commission, the SEC; and Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the CFTC, are responsible for implementing and enforcing one rule should tell the American people everything they need to know about how fragmented and confusing the Volcker rule can be. That is why I am pleased to see H.R. 4790, the Volcker Rule Regulatory Har-monization Act come before the House today to provide an exemption for our small community financial institu-tions and to streamline the regulatory authority of the Volcker rule. Mr. Speaker, this bill will free up banks on Main Street Minnesota and in towns all across the country, allowing them to spend more time lending to consumers and small businesses and less time wondering if the heavy hand of the Federal Government is going to come crashing down on him. Again, I thank Mr. HILLfor his hard work on this issue and urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4790. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), a great member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) for yielding time and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for bringing this bill, a very important bill, to the floor for a vote today. Mr. H
ILL’s bill will simplify and streamline one of the most com-plicated regulations from Dodd-Frank, the Volcker rule. The Volcker rule is intended to pre-vent banks from engaging in risky in-vestments that do not benefit their customers, also known as proprietary trading. There are currently five Fed-eral regulatory agencies implementing the Volcker rule. This has caused over-lap, duplication, and confusion among regulated companies. The bill on the floor today will en-sure that one Federal agency, the Fed-eral Reserve, is responsible for writing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.012 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3222 April 13, 2018 
this regulation and that each bank’s primary regulator will have the sole enforcement authority for that bank. This will streamline and simplify this overly complicated rule so financial in-stitutions can spend more of their time making loans to consumers and busi-nesses and less time on regulatory compliance. This bill will also fully exempt our small community banks that maintain less than $10 billion in assets from the Volcker rule rather than requiring them to prove a negative. There are currently 176 banks headquartered in my home State of Georgia, and all but three of them have less than $10 billion in assets. This bill will go a long way toward relieving small community banks in Georgia from unnecessary, complicated, and burdensome regulation. This bipartisan bill passed out of committee by a vote of 50–10 with the support of all the Republicans and the majority of the Democrats. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), a good member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise on behalf of Ohio constituents who have suffered reduced access to the banking system due to the loss of com-munity financial institutions in Ohio’s Eighth District. Like many things in Dodd-Frank that were intended to do good and pro-tect consumers, the Volcker rule is doing the exact opposite. The Volcker rule was designed to protect depositors from having their deposits placed at risk through proprietary trading. It was not designed to discourage other forms of capital from flowing into our banking system, from increasing com-petition, or from lowering prices for a broad swath of customers. This pragmatic, bipartisan com-promise on Volcker is a great step for-ward in enabling community banks to reach their compliance costs and allow them to deploy more capital in the communities that serve. My hope is we can move forward and pursue more commonsense solutions like this, especially to help under-served communities where we have seen local banking services dry up. I encourage support for this bill. b1015 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. This is the third bill that the major-ity has put on the House floor this week that is a harmful giveaway to the big banks. I could just list you all of the deregulatory bills that they have been bringing forward, but, today, the bill we are considering, H.R. 4790, would threaten the Volcker rule, which prevents banks from gambling with taxpayer money. As we have discussed, the Volcker rule is a key component of Wall Street reform and has prevented risky, speculative behavior by Wall Street and made our economy safer. It must not be compromised. It seems the Republicans have not learned the lessons of the financial cri-sis at all. They are working every day to reverse critical Dodd-Frank reforms and to reopen the door to risky and harmful practices that led our Nation to economic catastrophe, so I oppose this bill. I do not want our Members to be tricked or fooled talking about com-munity banks. This is not about com-munity banks. This is about the megabanks. They always use the com-munity banks to lead on some of these arguments so that people will think that they are doing something for com-munity banks. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I listened very care-fully to my friend and ranking member describe this parade of horribles that is going to befall our economy if H.R. 4790 is enacted, I would gently remind her that a majority of her own Members supported it. So all of these accusa-tions that she has made against the majority party, I hope, and believe, she has, obviously, foisted upon the major-ity of her own Members who clearly do not support her in what she is attempt-ing to do. In addition, Mr. Speaker, I would re-mind all Members, contrary to the Volcker rule, that weighs in at almost 1,000 pages, H.R. 4790 weighs in at 8 pages. If you read the bill, you will dis-cover that it does not repeal the Volcker rule. Again, I don’t know what bill the ranking member was debating, but it is not H.R. 4790. Now, Mr. Speaker, just think about it for a second. Paying your taxes—tax day is coming up—is not a pleasant time of year. And as unpleasant as that time is, think if you had to file your taxes with five different Federal agen-cies. Think about the fact that if you had a question about your taxes, that you had to call the Internal Revenue Service, you had to call the Depart-ment of Labor, you had to call the EPA, and you had to call the CFPB. What if you had five different agencies interpreting the Internal Revenue Code, all enforcing it in different ways? That would take one of the worst days of the year and compound it mightily. What the gentleman from Arkansas is trying to do on the majority side, and what the gentleman from Illinois is trying to do on minority side, is say: If we are going to have a Volcker rule— one of the most complicated, complex rules ever devised by the mind of man—maybe we ought to have one agency interpret it and one agency en-force it. Why do we do that, Mr. Speaker? We do that so that capital can be available to the people I spoke about in my opening statement. So that Jeff and Arlis can have capital to expand their small businesses on Main Street. That is what this is all about—so that our small businesses can thrive, so that the people who want to own a home can thrive, and so that this economy can grow. This is commonsense. It is why it is a strong, bipartisan meas-ure—another strong, bipartisan meas-ure that, unfortunately, our ranking member chooses not to partake in. And it is one of the reasons why, unfortu-nately, Mr. Speaker, if we listen to that side of the aisle—or at least a par-ticular voice—we will continue to have bad economic growth. We need good economic growth for all of the Amer-ican people. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 4790, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 811, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 300, nays 104, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 139] YEAS—300 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Budd Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.014 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3223 April 13, 2018 
Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—104 
Blumenauer Bonamici Capuano Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Cohen Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Huffman Jayapal Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—25 
Bass Bishop (GA) Brady (PA) Bridenstine Buchanan Buck Bustos Dingell Frankel (FL) Gosar Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Massie Moore Noem Rice (SC) Scott, David Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Simpson Smith (TX) Takano Tipton Walker Walz 
b1047 Messrs. DELANEY, LAWSON of Flor-ida, and Mrs. LAWRENCE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, during the votes held on April 13th, 2018, I was away handling important matters related to my District and attending my 15th Annual Jobs Fair held in Atlanta. If I had been present I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 4790—the Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present to vote due to personal reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 138 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 139. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the purpose of inquiring of the major-ity leader the schedule for the week to come, and I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ). (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legisla-tive business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. Next Tuesday, April 17, is also Tax Day. While this is a day Americans usually dread, I am pleased that this will be the last year they will have to file under the old and burdensome Tax Code. Because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, not only will filing be simpler, Americans will keep more of their hard-earned money, on top of the bo-nuses and increased wages we have al-ready seen. In addition, the House will vote on several important bills aimed at safe-guarding all taxpayers next week. First, there is H.R. 5192, the Pro-tecting Children From Identity Theft Act, sponsored by Representative CAR-
LOSCURBELO . Studies have shown the rate of ID theft is actually 50 times higher among children than adults. This bipartisan bill would modernize fraud detection systems to prevent such theft from occurring in the first place. Second, H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act, sponsored by Representative L
YNN J
ENKINS , which would improve the independent appeals process at the IRS, along with other crucial taxpayer services within the agency. Lastly, H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act, sponsored by Representative M
IKEBISHOP . This bill would boost cy-bersecurity and other IT systems in the IRS to ensure the agency serves all taxpayers effectively and efficiently. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the House passing all these critical bills without delay. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that information. I am constrained to observe that, from my perspective, it will be the last year that we will not start creating extraor-dinarily more debt for our country. But that aside, let me ask the gentleman a couple of questions. First of all, there has been discussion in the press, certainly, and some dis-cussion in the Congress about a possi-bility of a rescission package. As the gentleman knows, both he and I, the Speaker, Leader P
ELOSI , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , and the White House, worked very, very hard on reaching an agree-ment so that we could pass an omnibus some weeks ago. That omnibus was the result of some very hard bargaining and negotiations and trade-offs, and certainly, not—I don’t think anybody was pleased with everything that was in that bill, or, frankly, that wasn’t in that bill. I am, therefore, very concerned that I now hear talk about we are going to, in effect, go back on the agreement that we reached. It was clear that there were some things in there that I didn’t like and others didn’t like, and I am sure that was the case with your-self as well, Mr. Leader. But it was an agreement. It was an agreement reached after hard discussions, over months, and it was a very late agree-ment at that, funding 2018 finally until September 30, not until last month. b1100 So I am very concerned about the possibility that we are going to try to, in effect, relitigate that issue. Can the majority leader give me some insight as to whether or not, in fact, we will be facing a rescission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.002 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3224 April 13, 2018 
package at some point in time? And if so, can the majority leader advise us as to what may be in that package? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend, the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, my friend is correct that in this House we worked to pass all 12 appropriation bills. We sent them to the Senate, and the Senate did not act. So as the process works, we had to come to an agreement. My friend on the other side said he worked very hard on that, but at the end of the day, I tell my friend: You voted against it. A rescission, as my friend knows, is not about an omnibus bill. It is about finding savings for the American peo-ple. To quote Ronald Reagan: ‘‘The problem is not that people are taxed too little, the problem is that the gov-ernment spends too much.’’ On this side of the aisle, we know that unaccountable and unnecessary spending not only puts our fiscal future on shaky ground, but it also puts bur-dens on the programs that Americans actually rely on. That is why we passed all 12 appropriation bills. Unfortu-nately, the Senate Democrats blocked even debate on every single one of these bills. So they wouldn’t even de-bate it, and they put us into this late process. Now, as far as rescissions, I believe the Trump administration is com-mitted to sending Congress a rescission proposal. As my friend knows, the 1974 Budget Act would give this proposal fast-track procedures both in the House and, more importantly, in the Senate, which means, to the American public, it takes 51 votes to pass. So no longer can a minority hold up debate or hold up process to harm the American public. While this has not been done in 20 years, President Trump is not afraid of challenging the status quo, and I per-sonally respect that. But I want to look at history, and I want the Amer-ican public to understand it. Rescissions were once commonly used by five different administrations, both Republican and Democratic, and at times the Republican Presidents had Democratic majorities in Congress. Let me give you a for-instance: President Bill Clinton proposed 166 rescissions. Congress passed 111 of those. George H.W. Bush, when Democrats controlled both, proposed 169. They passed 34 of those. Ronald Reagan proposed 602, and they accepted 214 times to be able to cut spending. Now, Jimmy Carter proposed 122, and Congress accepted 50. President Gerald Ford proposed 152, and Congress accepted 52. As far as what this proposal looks like, it remains a work in progress. Now, I will continue to work with the administration, but the one thing I want to be very clear about is this is not about an omnibus. This is about saving money. So what a rescission package can do is it can go back into other accounts that have just sat there with money in them with no action. No business would run their business that way. No family would want it run that way, to keep some debt while you have money sitting over here. If you can save, I would believe ev-erybody in this body would want to save the taxpayers some money if there is an opportunity to do this. And if I checked my record correctly, I believe my friend has voted for a few rescis-sions in the past. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments. The issue is, of course, not oversight. We believe that there ought to be over-sight. The gentleman is correct, I voted ‘‘no.’’ The gentleman voted ‘‘yes.’’ Many of his colleagues voted ‘‘no’’ with me. Many of his colleagues are wring-ing their hands now and saying too much money was spent. But this was an agreement that was brought to the floor by the majority. This was an agreement that was nego-tiated by the majority. We didn’t have the authority to put the bill on the floor or not put the bill on the floor. And it was an agreement. As I say, Mr. Speaker, it was a tough agreement. I didn’t particularly like the agree-ment, but it was an agreement, and that is why I voted ‘‘no.’’ But the fact of the matter is that the majority of this House voted ‘‘yes,’’ and the majority of the Senate voted ‘‘yes,’’ and they voted ‘‘yes’’ as the re-sult of an agreement. And, yes, of course, there have been rescissions in the past; and although I don’t know what the rescissions are, there may well be a rescission that I might support. The gentleman is cor-rect. I wouldn’t irrationally oppose a rescission which said we have had money lying in an account that has not been spent for 1, 2, 3 years. We shouldn’t just have it sitting in that account. The gentleman is absolutely correct. But very frankly, in my view, Mr. Speaker, this is to, in effect, negate an agreement that was reached and to, in effect, say, no, we really don’t want to spend that money. That may be cor-rect, but the majority of the Repub-licans in this House voted for it. Nobody said: We are going to vote for it, but days later we are going to come back and say we don’t want this, we don’t want that, and we don’t want the other. And we think it is a little bit like what we did yesterday, where the ma-jority has offered a tax bill which cuts $1.8 trillion in revenue. I made the point yesterday that it was a little bit like a businessman that has a product to sell. The product costs him $10 to produce, and he charges $7 when he sells it. That businessman does not stay in business very long. But the Republicans do it the oppo-site way. They cut the revenues, they create debt, and they vote for more spending. And their constituents seem to be upset about that. I don’t blame them. Therefore, we had a balanced budget amendment offered yesterday, which, of course, did not comport at all with what our Republican friends, Mr. Speaker, have done over the last year, and, very frankly, in my view, over the last decades when they were in power to do so, which is why we have this ex-traordinary debt and why CBO has just come down and said, as a result of those bills, we are going to create $14 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years, which my kids and your kids and our grandchildren are going to have to pay. I want to make it very clear that I think we need a serious, disciplined discussion on getting a handle on this deficit. Part of that discussion needs to be revenues. Very frankly, Mr. Speaker, I believe, on their side of the aisle, they want to spend a lot of money. They want to spend it on defense. We increased de-fense by over 10, 12 percent this year. Now, very frankly, what was being spent on defense was as a result of Re-publican budgets over the last number of years, so that it is hard for me to be-lieve that they would vote for budgets and appropriation bills that they thought were undermining defense. But, in any event, we increased that substantially. And, yes, we increased spending on education, on healthcare— opioids, in particular—other items on emergency relief. The leader and I vis-ited Puerto Rico and the Virgin Is-lands, Texas, Florida. They needed as-sistance, and we passed that as well. But, very frankly, we didn’t pay for any of it. We hear about spending. Whatever the spending level is, we ought to pay for it. That would be my position. And if we want to spend the money, we ought to pay for it. Now, however, I hope these rescis-sions do not set a precedent whereby future negotiations will be put at great risk, because at least one party will not trust that the negotiations are real. When Ryan-Murray was agreed to by Speaker R
YANand by Senator M URRAY , shortly after that agreement was reached as to what spending levels would be, some of my Republican col-leagues came back and said: Oh, well, they are ceilings. It is like my bargaining to buy a house for $100,000, and then I come back at the settlement table and say: Well, I am really going to pay $75,000. $100,000 was just a ceiling on what I was going to pay for that house. That doesn’t make any sense, and no-body would think it makes any sense. So I will tell my friend, the majority leader, I hope that the rescissions are based upon the sort of example that he gave, and, therefore, it may receive some support. But if they are simply to reverse hard-bargained results, then I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.019 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3225 April 13, 2018 
think that will put at risk any kind of bipartisan negotiations that might occur in the future. Very frankly, the budget—and I am going to ask the gentleman about the budget now—is supposed to come down pretty soon. As a matter of fact, it is supposed to be reported out of the Budget Committee by now. It is sup-posed to be passed by the Congress by April 15 or 17, depending upon which date you use, but sometime this month. Does the majority leader have any reason to believe that we are going to pass, over the next 2 weeks, a budget— and send it to the Senate—that is bal-anced? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. If I first may answer the other ques-tions the gentleman raised. First of all, when he talks about trust, everybody should know what happens when you get to an omni and why. We had an omni not because of this House. We had an omni not be-cause of this majority. We passed all 12 appropriation bills. The last time that was done by a Republican majority, the iPhone wasn’t invented. We sent it to the Senate, and do you know the sad part? The last time when we sent it to the Senate, maybe they debated the bills and the bills failed— no. And it wasn’t the majority on the other side in the Senate. It was my friend’s party on the other side that wouldn’t even allow it to come to de-bate. Now my friend talks about being very concerned because they spent a lot of time negotiating. You see, I don’t really care for omnis. I would never want to see another one on the floor. That is why we did our job. But when it comes to an omni, the minority has power. They could say: No. This can’t be in it. And they kind of finally came to an agreement. And when they did, my friend on the other side said: I am wor-ried about trust, so I am voting against it after all these negotiations. And then he brings up: Oh, my God. The Republicans. They spent money on the military. Sequester has cut more than 20 per-cent from the military. You can look back just the last 2 weeks. How many of our men and women died not in com-bat, but in training? How many planes of ours can actually fly today? I will tell you this: The world is not 20 percent safer while the military has been cut. As we speak today, our Navy is sail-ing. As we speak today, we are con-cerned about what is going to happen with Iran. We are concerned: What is North Korea going to do? And where is Putin on the march? So, yes, I am proud of funding the military. That is why we did it. Did you want to put the other? No. We are held hostage because the minor-ity in the other Chamber decided to hold the country hostage. Now, when it comes to rescissions, let’s be truthful with the American public. That could be unobligated funds from prior years. So if there is money, just because it was budgeted and appro-priated but they didn’t need it all, why don’t you save the taxpayers and bring that back to the Treasury? Mr. HOYER. Did the majority leader hear me say that is a reasonable thing to do? Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the gentleman’s support, be-cause we didn’t have it last time. Mr. Speaker, in these rescissions, we can look at these unnecessary pro-grams. That is healthy for the country. The world changes. We should mod-ernize. We should make government more efficient and more effective and, most importantly, more accountable. Now, my friend needs to be familiar with this process, because when I look at history, both in 1996 and 1998, the omnibus bills included numerous re-scissions that President Clinton pro-posed and Congress accepted. Now, that was back when you voted for the spending bills, but I am hopeful you will be for this rescission as well, because I believe the American public will look at it not as a Republican or a Democrat. Every time I watch people run for of-fice, they say: I want to go line by line. For 20 years, we didn’t have people that wanted to do that in the adminis-tration. Today, we do, And I applaud President Trump for saying it, and I applaud President Trump for doing it. b1115 Now, you talked about a few other things. You are concerned about debt. I am concerned about debt. You think there are two different ways to solve this. I believe if we grow the economy and we watch our budget, we can solve this problem. When I look at the rev-enue coming in, it is hitting its highest level. When I walk across this country, I now see growth of more than 3 percent. I see unemployment at almost the low-est point in my lifetime. And if you happen to be African American, or you happen to be Hispanic, it is the lowest it has been in America. I just saw 800,000 people come back into the work-force. If you look at manufacturing jobs, in the last 3 months, we haven’t seen that type of growth since 1984. If I look at the last administration and I go and look for the highest growth year under President Obama, it is still lower than the worst year under Bill Clinton. So let’s grow and get this deficit taken care of. But what is interesting to me—I wrote this down because I want to get it right, and you correct me if you think it is wrong—you said: Whatever we spend, we should pay for it. Is that correct? So this concerns me then. That Dem-ocrat budget that you voted for not only increased the deficit by $6.8 tril-lion over 10 years, it calls for the $3.9 trillion in revenue enhancements. We know what that means. That means tax increases. So you want to increase taxes by $3.9 trillion, but you want to increase the debt by $6.8 trillion. That doesn’t meet what you just said. You said whatever we spend we should pay for. So you are going to increase the debt almost double, and you are going to in-crease taxes. That is the difference be-tween us. When we put the tax bill on the floor, and I look at just in one com-pany, 1.2 million of those employees, they got extended maternity leave; the number of companies that raised what they pay; the electrical bills for Ameri-cans in 39 States are now lower because of that tax bill. And let’s not even talk about the millions of bonuses that Americans got. That is their own money. And the revenues are coming in higher. The growth is bigger. Our oppor-tunity is greater. But what you want to do is snatch that back—say, no, no, government needs it. But you are not saying government needs it to pay off the deficit because you are raising the deficit even higher. It just doesn’t work. So what I am hopeful for, when we come back to this table—and I do be-lieve in trust—but if you are at the table and you make an agreement, come to the floor and be honest. Come to the floor and uphold that agreement that you talked through. Because I will tell you, I didn’t like that bill. Because we voted on all 12 bills here. I voted for all of those. I voted for those and sent them to the Senate, and the Senate held this country hostage. And do you know what? The mili-tary, the number of men and women, there is a greater number who are dying in training than in any combat we have today. That is a direct correla-tion to the funding they have. And we know where the world is today. We have an obligation to make sure our men and women can carry out their duty and be safe. But today, the ques-tion is: Can they carry out their train-ing and be safe? We made a downpay-ment to make sure that is the case. And so I will say to my friend, I am concerned about the debt as much as you and even more. That is why I voted to grow this economy and get more money in. I voted on this floor to actu-ally curve what is causing the greatest growth, to guarantee it for next gen-erations so it is there. Because if you let it get out of control, it will not be there. But what is more important, at the end of the day, is that we can look back on any unobligated funds. It may be 5—it could be 6, 7, 8 years ago, and that money is just sitting there, and that program is doing nothing. If you are concerned about the debt, you want to take it back and let’s pay it down. I look forward to working with you. Mr. HOYER. I have heard that argu-ment, Mr. Speaker. I heard it in 1981. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.020 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3226 April 13, 2018 
We passed a massive tax cut. The debt increased over the next 7 years 187 per-cent. That was Ronald Reagan’s tax cut. And, frankly, Bob Dole helped raise some revenues to offset that, which is why it was only a 187 percent increase in the debt during the Ronald Reagan years. I heard that argument in 2001 and 2003: We are going to grow the econ-omy. We are going to have extraor-dinary growth, creation of jobs, and revenues that will come to the Federal Government as a result of cutting taxes. And what happened? Six years later, we had the deepest recession we have had since Herbert Hoover. Nobody in this House is over 90 and, therefore, didn’t experience the depth of that re-cession. The recession that we experi-enced in December of 2007, when you thought those tax cuts that the gen-tleman talked about would have grown the economy, just as he talked about, he has got a problem in that CBO says it doesn’t grow the economy. In fact, it creates $14 trillion of new debt. That is what CBO says, not S
TENY HOYER , not the Democrats. That is $14 trillion— with a T, Mr. Speaker—in new debt that our children and grandchildren will be confronted with. So what do the Republicans do? They had to say, let’s balance the budget. Now, balancing the budget means you pay for what you buy. Yes, I am for that. Very frankly, if you buy an aircraft carrier, I think you can amortize that over 40 years. Why? Like a house, you will use it for 40 years and my grand-children will get use of that aircraft carrier to defend themselves and our country. As I am sure the majority leader knows, there are few Members of this Congress who have been any more con-sistently supportive of the Armed Forces than this Member. I supported much of Ronald Reagan’s follow-on to what Jimmy Carter started, and that was building up our military strength so the country would be secure. And I continue to be a strong sup-porter of the military. We need to keep America strong. The gentleman’s party, of course, contrary to the al-most unanimous—I think unanimous, but I will say almost unanimous—de-sire that we repeal the sequester over the last 8 years, your party, I tell the majority leader, Mr. Speaker, wanted to keep the sequester, and did keep the sequester, and we could have done away with the sequester, except they crossed their fingers. They crossed their fingers and said: We will keep the sequester, but Speaker R
YANwill make a deal with Senator M
URRAY so that we don’t have to live its effects. And we passed those Ryan-Murray deals. And there was not an attempt to reverse that course. So the sequester argument, Mr. Speaker, is an argument of constraint imposed by the majority party; not by us. We had urged that the sequester be rescinded. And, in fact, we supported the Ryan-Murray agreement. As a mat-ter of fact, I didn’t support the first Ryan-Murray agreement. I didn’t sup-port it because I thought it was a fa-cade, and it turned out to be, I think, pretty meaningless in terms of what the agreement was. So we haven’t grown the economy. As a matter of fact, we had the worst economy any of us have seen under the Bush fiscal policy supported by my Re-publican friends. I didn’t support that. CBO says this bill will not grow the economy, but this bill will create sub-stantial debt. I asked the gentleman a question that I want to go back to. And that is: Does the gentleman expect us to have a budget this month? Before I do that, let me say, the gen-tleman says—and it was a good strat-egy—that they passed 12 appropria-tions bills. They packaged them in two packages. They didn’t consider them individually, but two packages. They sent them to the Senate, and they were partisan bills. Mr. MCCONNELL , the majority leader, did not bring them to the floor. Now, he may say he didn’t bring them to the floor because the minority wouldn’t agree with them, but he could have brought them to the floor. He didn’t want to subject them to amendments and discussion. Or, they would have had a vote and our people wouldn’t have voted to bring them to the floor and he could have pointed to that vote. So I ask my friend one more time: Do we expect to have a budget here in April when it is due or soon thereafter? And if so, will that budget be balanced? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding, and I apologize, you did ask me that the last time. I got caught up, and I forgot the other stuff. The President has sent a budget. The Budget Committee is reviewing it. I think you will see one coming after they review it. But the one thing I do want to bring up, let’s not repeat the same things we have gone through. We are living under the Budget Act of 1974. I think the world has changed since then. Why don’t we modernize the Budget Act? We put that in that last bill. The bipar-tisan working group, I would say that should be our top priority. Let’s not re-peat the same mistakes, and let’s not constrain ourselves if we really want to tackle this deficit. I am hopeful you will work with us on that. But you said a few things that are interesting. You support the mili-tary, and I don’t doubt that. But you voted against the military funding that was on the floor. When you talked about that omnibus that you wanted a lot of trust because everybody worked so closely together on and you are real-ly afraid about the rescissions coming back that can take money back that wasn’t even in the omnibus—a trust that that could break that you voted against—you said, but, of course, the Republicans wanted the military. And you said, we increased it by 10 or so, even though it has been cut by more than 20. You said, but, of course, we wanted to fund other things. I thought you said education. Mr. HOYER. I did. Mr. MCCARTHY. You said opioids. Mr. HOYER. I did. Mr. M
CCARTHY. So if you care about the military, you care about education, you care about opioids, and you are concerned about breaking a trust be-cause you negotiated this, why did you vote ‘‘no?’’ Why did you vote against the things you just said you cared about? Then you said you cared a lot about the deficit. But on this floor, we had a balanced budget agreement—you actually said you supported it—but that is not how you voted. You voted ‘‘no.’’ So when you had an oppor-tunity—— Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time. I said I had voted for balanced budget amendments in the past when I spoke on the floor, and I said that I rose not to oppose the constitutional amend-ment, but to deride it. It was such a po-litically patently dishonest effort to pretend that you are for a balanced budget. And guess who said that? Mr. M
ASSIE , a member of your caucus; Mr. M
EADOWS , the chairman of your Free-dom Caucus; and Senator C
ORKER from Tennessee. They all said that, that it was not a real item, yet we spent all of yesterday working on a document that you knew, Republicans knew, every-body knew was not a real effort and would not pass. We spent all day doing that. That is what I said. Yes, I have, in the ‘90s, supported a budget amendment which would restrain us from acting without paying for what we buy. Your side of the aisle, in my opinion, does not like to pay for what you buy, but you want to buy things because you spend as much money in your budgets as we spend—maybe on dif-ferent things. But this side, I want to tell the ma-jority leader, do not run out that ca-nard—Mr. Speaker, I say to the major-ity leader—that Democrats do not sup-port national security. We do, and the votes prove it. You had 90 of your Members vote against the agreement. I voted against it as well. I voted against it because we did not reach an agreement, and I am going to get to that issue in just a sec-ond. The gentleman knows I feel very strongly about it. I talked to him about it, and it should have been in that bill, and it wasn’t. That is why I voted ‘‘no.’’ But 90 of your Members voted against it. Does the majority leader say to me that those 90 people—including when we established the level of spending, the chairman of your Armed Services Committee who voted ‘‘no’’—are you telling me they were not for protecting our military, protecting our men and women in the Armed Forces, pro-tecting the training that we give to our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:30 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.022 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3227 April 13, 2018 
men and women in the Armed Forces? Are you telling me those 90 Repub-licans weren’t supporting that? Is that what you are saying? Yes or no? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. The answer is no, I’m not saying that, and you know I am not. Let me be very clear. They fought for the military funding; and when we got in the room to make the agreement, we held up our word. So let me follow through with a few more, be-cause you make me concerned. Mr. HOYER. Reclaiming my time. Mr. Leader, I am not sure. I want to understand. They upheld their word. Ninety people voted against the bill you are saying supported the military, 90 of your people voted against that. The majority of Democrats voted for it. Are you telling me those 90 Repub-licans who voted against it were against the military? That is my ques-tion to you. Mr. M
CCARTHY. May I ask the gen-tleman if I may finish my answer be-fore the gentleman reclaims his time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). The Chair will remind Members to direct their remarks to the Chair. b1130 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I think it is very healthy that we have these debates. I think the American public should see it because I believe, Mr. Speaker, when somebody says they support something, the best way to prove it is you vote for it. As I stated earlier, the gentleman said he supports the military. I don’t doubt that. But when the military funding bill came to the floor, after it has been cut by more than 20 percent and after more people have died in training than in combat, we had the opportunity to do it. The gentleman also said in that bill there was good stuff like opioids and education. But he said ‘‘no’’ to that. I have heard the gentleman on this floor, Mr. Speaker, I have heard my friend talk about CHIP and the importance of that. I know it is important to the gen-tleman, but he voted against it. I heard, Mr. Speaker, my friend bring up, because one of our colleagues here, M
ARKMEADOWS , talked about he would rather have a different BBA, but when he had the opportunity, he voted for that because he does believe in a bal-anced budget. Mr. Speaker, I went to Puerto Rico with my friend. But when that funding came on the floor, I don’t doubt that what he wants to do, we have written editorials together. He voted ‘‘no.’’ He told me time and time again that shut-ting down the government is the worst thing and that he would never do that. But when the time came, Mr. Speaker, he shut the government down this year. So there is a difference between words and actions. Mr. HOYER. Would the gentleman yield? Mr. MCCARTHY. The one thing I would say, Mr. Speaker, my friend also told me he would let me answer this question without reclaiming his time. Mr. HOYER. But the gentleman says that I shut down the government. Can you tell him that the Senate didn’t adopt the budget? With all due respect, I don’t vote in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate individuals and their words. I just want to make sure people are held accountable for their actions. Yes, there was an omnibus on the floor, not anything on this side of the aisle want-ed. We passed all 12. We did our job. We did our job just like we promised. Un-fortunately, the Senate—and it wasn’t the majority over in the Senate, it was the minority—wanted to hold it hos-tage the same way they did when they wanted to shut down the government. I think the American public deserves more and deserves better. That is why I think we need to reform the 1974 Budget Act, and I think this floor will see a great debate. I think both sides of the aisle would like to see it reformed. I just hope that the American public will not only hear the words but see the action in the votes to back up what people say. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, the Budget Act is not the problem. The problem is a lack of discipline, not the Budget Act. I said yesterday on the constitu-tional amendment, if you want to bal-ance the budget, do it. Do it. Offer a balanced budget. Mr. M
CCARTHY. We have. Mr. HOYER. You had that oppor-tunity to do it. You won’t do it. I guar-antee you that you won’t do it. You can say whatever you want. Mr. Speaker, they won’t do it. They haven’t done it. There will not be a bal-anced budget on this floor from either side because we have dug such a deep hole. To balance the budget tomorrow or 2 years from now would decimate Social Security and Medicare. Now, maybe that is what is in store. Maybe that is what is contemplated. But when I hear, Mr. Speaker, the majority leader talking about the Budget Act, first of all, the American public does not know what the Budget Act is. They do know who we are, and they sent us here to be responsible and have discipline and have the courage of our convictions. The reason I say pay for it is because the constraint we have abandoned, and we have pretended that we could cut taxes and magically things would be paid for. They have not been, and what we buy today we are expecting our children to pay for it tomorrow and to-morrow and tomorrow. I suggest that is an intellectually bankrupt policy, and it is also an im-moral policy. And to pretend that somehow we can fix that either by an amendment—which, by the way, could be waived—or by amending the Budget Act—is the Budget Act perfect? Could it be perfected? I am sure it could be. But that is not the problem. The problem is the pretense that somehow we are going to grow our-selves magically without discipline and without paying for what we buy, whether that is defense or nondefense. Now, Mr. Speaker, we need to get on to some other issues, and I want to ex-plain to the majority leader why I didn’t vote for the bill. The President of the United States did something I think was bad judg-ment and put millions of people at risk. It is called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. Eighty-six percent of the American people think that we ought to protect those children who came here not of their own volition but as children. The majority leader, myself, the mi-nority leader, and the Speaker of the House met with leaders of the Hispanic community, leaders of the African- American community, and leaders of the Asian Pacific Islander community. When I say leaders, the three chairs of those caucuses. We talked in late Sep-tember about a week and a half after the President had withdrawn DACA protections and said we need to solve this. Now, Mr. Speaker, let me quote the Speaker of the House, Mr. RYAN: My commitment to working together on an immigration measure that we can make law is a sincere commitment. Let me repeat: My commitment to working together on an immigration measure that we can make law is a sin-cere commitment. We will solve this DACA problem, said the Speaker, once we get this budget agreement done. This was not the omnibus. This was the precursor to the omnibus which set the level of spending. He said: We will solve this DACA problem, and we will get this done no matter how long it takes us to stay here. We will focus on bringing the de-bate to this floor and finding a solu-tion. I voted ‘‘no’’ on the omnibus because they did not follow through on that commitment, so everybody under-stands. However, I am the whip. I count votes, and I certainly think the major-ity leader has had enough evidence and has enough respect for my ability that if we had worked to defeat that bill, we would have defeated it with the 90 Re-publicans who voted ‘‘no’’ on the bill the Republicans brought to the floor, which was an agreed. But that bill needed to pass. But, yes, I voted ‘‘no’’ because from September— and the Speaker told me: Oh, March 5 is coming, we have got time to fix it. We have got time to take care of these 700, 800,000 young people that 86 percent of the American people think ought not to be sent to a country that is not their home, they don’t know, and they have not been there for the over-whelming majority of their lives. So, yes, I voted ‘‘no’’ because, on their behalf, I was concerned that that commitment that the Speaker enun-ciated in February, approximately a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.024 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3228 April 13, 2018 
month before DACA was to terminate, had not been met. It is now a month after March 5, Mr. Speaker, and that commitment has not been met to this day, notwithstanding the fact that Speaker R
YAN urged the President not to do what he did, and the President turned around and said: Fix it by legislation. And the Speaker committed in that meeting to which I referred just weeks after the President acted as saying: We will get that done. Now, Mr. Speaker, there is a rule that has been filed by a Republican Member of this House. It now has, I think, 44 Republicans on it. If it doesn’t have yet, it will have 190-plus Democrats on it, which will mean that 230 Members of this House will have signed on to a document that says: Let’s fix DACA now. Yes, I voted ‘‘no.’’ I voted ‘‘no’’ in protest and in dismay that we had not addressed this issue. I hope I have ex-plained to the majority leader why I voted ‘‘no’’ but at the same time why a majority of my party, including the leader of my party, Ms. P
ELOSI , voted ‘‘aye.’’ They voted ‘‘aye’’ because they knew we had made an agreement. They knew it was an agreement reached by both sides. They didn’t like everything in it any more than Republicans liked everything in it, but it was an agree-ment, and so it passed handily. I will tell my friend I hope he does not doubt—perhaps he does—that that would have happened without a percep-tion and belief on this side that we had an agreement and it ought to pass, and it did pass with 90 Republicans voting ‘‘no’’ and the overwhelming majority of my party voting ‘‘yes.’’ I hope the leader will tell me, Mr. Speaker, whether or not the commit-ment that was made in September, the commitment that was articulated by the Speaker of the House in February when he was urging us and his own Members to support the legislation which sets the level of spending on which the omnibus was based, I hope he can assure me that, before the end of this month, that we will have the op-portunity to do what we think is ex-traordinarily fair to do. Mr. G
OODLATTE of the Judiciary has a bill. I don’t like the bill, but it is a bill that came out of the majority com-mittee. There is another bill called the Dreamer bill. That is a bipartisan bill sponsored by I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , a Republican from Florida, and L
UCILLE  R
OYBAL -ALLARD , a Democrat from California. Bring that bill to the floor. Then there is a third bill, Mr. Speak-er, sponsored by Mr. H
URDfrom Texas, a Republican, and Mr. A
GUILAR , a Dem-ocrat from California, that I believe has the support of over 218 Members of this House. I have asked the majority leader and we have asked the Speaker: Bring those three bills to the floor. Bring those three bills to the floor and let the House work its will. The Speaker is leaving, but the Speaker has on numerous occasions said: We will not duck the tough issues. That is a direct quote, Mr. Speaker. We will take them head-on. We should not hide our disagreements. We should em-brace them. We have nothing to fear from honest disagreements honestly stated. Bring those three bills to the floor, Mr. Speaker, I implore the majority leader. Let the House work its will. Face the tough issues. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I listened intently to my friend to give his explanation of why he voted ‘‘no’’ on the omni the people negotiated for, and I don’t doubt that that is the reason why. He said he was concerned about DACA. The only thing, Mr. Speaker, I am concerned about, that was the same excuse he gave me of why he voted to shut the government down when he said he would never do that either. But, Mr. Speaker, when I read his Twitter account—— Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, will the majority leader tell me when I voted to shut down the gov-ernment? Does he have a cite there? I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Once I finish this, I will give my friend the date. Tuesday, on the gentleman’s Twitter account—I like how my friend uses it more often, maybe the President in-spired him—@WhipHoyer, Dreamers can still apply to renew DACA protec-tions. Learn more about the require-ment for applying for renewal. I don’t know which one is right. If on his Twitter account he says that it is okay because no DACA students or kids are being removed, he says in his Twitter account you can apply right now. But I am going to vote against the omni that we negotiated with be-cause I am really worried about the re-scissions that go against maybe some money that has been wasted. b1145 But when I look at this, Mr. Speaker, I know for a fact the President made another offer to not only solve DACA, but to solve Dreamers. All he requested was could we have the border secure. He wasn’t asking for an astronomical number. When you think back, many times, Mr. Speaker, I get an argument from the other side about the Gang of Eight bill. They spent twice as much on bor-der security than the President is ask-ing for. I know for a fact the President talked to the leader on the other side, of his party. I know for a fact they came back and said no. I know the President actually put it out on his Twitter account. The President wants to solve this problem, but he wants to make sure the border is secure. Mr. Speaker, as we speak right now, there are people who are marching from other countries because they think they can just march directly across our border. I think our border needs to be secure. I would hope everybody would feel that same way. I know the President wants to solve this problem. He offered. As a fact, Mr. Speaker, the President said it from inside these Chambers for the whole Nation to hear. Sometimes I begin to wonder: Do words and action actually do the exact same thing? Could it be possible, Mr. Speaker, that sometimes people play politics with issues? Could it be pos-sible that sometimes people could use that for an excuse? Could it be possible that people would say they want to solve a problem, but when they have the offer of a solution, they say no so they can keep it to try to make a polit-ical argument out of it? I don’t know. Maybe. But I will tell the American public this: We want to solve that problem. Now, Mr. Speaker, my friend on the other side of the aisle is worried about the debt. I am, too. He voted for a budget that would increase it by more than $6 trillion, but he wants to raise your taxes and take more of your money by another $3 trillion. It still increases it much more than what he takes in taxes. He said he heard those arguments all before that the Republicans, they won’t do well if they let people keep more of their own money. Well, I just looked at the latest numbers. In the first 3 months with the new tax bill, do you know what? More revenue came in. Millions of people got to keep more of what they earned. What is interesting is so many Amer-icans got a pay raise simply because government said you could do better with your own. That, I think, is true. And if my friend, Mr. Speaker, agrees with that, I know he will be there for the recision. Where can we stand up for the tax-payer? If there is money wasted here, why wouldn’t we go line by line? It won’t be just the omni. It will be all those other accounts that have been sitting there. I don’t think that is a Republican or Democratic idea. I truly believe that is an American idea, and I think that is the responsibility that we all have. I know these colloquies go long. I like my friend across the aisle, Mr. Speaker. I consider him a friend. But just as anybody has friends, we have different philosophical opinions, and that is healthy. But at the end of the day, we can’t make excuses. At the end of the day, Mr. Speaker, there is a bill on the floor. And, yes, I want it 100 percent my way, but, unfortunately, that is not the way our government is created. It is supposed to find compromise. I can al-ways find an excuse: Do you know what? Someone didn’t look right at me, or someone said something I dis-agreed with. But as we know today, no DACA child is getting deported. As we know today, the President wants to solve this. As we know today, the President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.026 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3229 April 13, 2018 
has made many offers. So, I think, Mr. Speaker, there is no more time for ex-cuses. It is time for solving. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, the majority leader and I serve in a coequal branch of govern-ment. We don’t serve at the pleasure of the President, nor should we go hand in hand to the President of the United States and say: Can we do this? The majority leader, of course, did not answer my question. He wants to continue to talk about who voted for or against the omnibus as opposed to re-sponding to are we going to have a bal-anced budget on the floor. We can have amendments on the floor; that sounds good. We can articulate that we are going to grow ourselves out. But doing it, just do it. Yes, temporarily, the courts have said the President didn’t do the right thing in the right way, so there has been a stay. And the gentleman is cor-rect that the DACA students are not at risk as of March 5. I say ‘‘students.’’ Some of them are students; some are not. Words do, in fact, mean something. The leader says that all he wants is border security. Well, border security, and he wants to restrict the ability to unify moms and dads and their chil-dren in the United States of America. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. M
CCARTHY. He knows that is not true. You just said I want to stop unification of moms and dads? You know that is not true, and you know I made an offer to actually speed that up. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, is the gentleman saying that, when we had discussions in your office and you wanted to eliminate the option to sponsor mothers and fathers by their children, was not that not part of the offer that you discussed in your office, Mr. Leader? I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Yes, I am saying that is not true. Let me explain what it is. Mr. HOYER. I’ll be glad to hear the explanation. Mr. M
CCARTHY. So, when someone comes here, they can petition others. They can petition their parents. They can petition their children. They can petition their spouse. Mr. HOYER. Currently. Mr. M
CCARTHY. They can petition their brother and sister, and then they can petition their married children. Mr. HOYER. Currently. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Right as of today, currently, you are only allowing 65,000 for brothers and sisters. That is not a mother, and that is not a child. Right now, today, there is more than a 30-year wait. So what we proposed is that system is not working. So a broth-er and sister has their own family. So instead of taking those up, why don’t you put those into the spouse and the children? So what we offered to you—and maybe they didn’t quite understand it—you would speed up the process for parents, your spouses, and your chil-dren. I always thought that was very reasonable. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, we go round and round on that. Obviously, when we talked about family reunification, you had an offer that you said you were making on be-half of the President that clearly un-dermined the ability to sponsor, by some, their mothers and fathers. We can go round and round on that. That was my perception of it. We will get the record, and I think that is pretty accurate, Mr. Leader. Mr. Speaker, the answer to the ques-tion, though, has not come, and that is: Will the majority leader bring to the floor three bills and let them be voted on by this House and express the will of the American people? One of those bills is a Republican bill. One is probably perceived by the Republicans as a Democratic bill, al-though ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN is a co-sponsor of that bill. And one, clearly, is a bipartisan bill, negotiated by Mr. H
URD, a Republican from Texas, and Mr. A
GUILAR , a Democrat from Cali-fornia, that has at least 44 Republicans who have signed on to a rule to bring that particular bill to the floor. All 193 Democrats will be for that bill, to bring it to the floor, which is over 230 Members of this House. I am asking the leader: Will he bring those three bills to the floor? Because what the President said—and the lead-er says words matter. What the Presi-dent said on TV for all of America to see: We will solve the DACA issue. You send me a bill, and I will sign it. That is what he said, Mr. Speaker. But what happened? The Senate had four bills. Unlike the House, Mr. M
CCONNELL brought those four bills to the floor so the Senate could work its will. And there were some 25 Senators, Republicans and Democrats, had come together and put a commonsense bill on the floor, contrary to what the President of the United States said in that meeting on television—not my words. Just go back to the video. Re-play it: I will sign a bill. And then he said, beating—he didn’t beat his chest literally: I will take the heat. What did he do when the common-sense bill came to the floor? He said: I will veto it if it is sent down here. It had $25 billion in authorization for the President’s wall and border secu-rity, and he said: I will veto it. As a result, it only got 54 votes. It needed 60 votes. Had he not said he would veto it, it would have passed. I am absolutely convinced of that. That was four bills. Why, Mr. Speak-er? This is the people’s House. The Speaker said: We will take the tough issues head-on. We will not shrink from that responsibility. All we are asking is to bring those bills to the floor. Recisions, we can argue about the recisions. And when they come down here substantively, the leader men-tions frequently about money that is not going to be spent anyway. None of us are going to oppose that if that is, in fact, what it does. That is an obfusca-tion of the issue that we are talking about. We had an agreement. We think that agreement upset a lot of the majority leader’s party, and that is why this is happening. They are going to try to correct that political problem they have, just like the balanced budget amendment is trying to correct a polit-ical problem. So I would hope, Mr. Speaker, that the leader would assure me at some point in time that they will do what they said they will do from September to now: address solving the DACA issue. And then what the President said, Mr. Speaker, was then we will go to comprehensive immigration reform. We ought to do that. The Senate passed a bill some 5 years ago. We asked and have asked over the last 5 years: Bring that bill to the floor. Now, that bill doesn’t exist now be-cause, in the Congress in which it was sent to us, it wasn’t brought to the floor. The Republicans were in charge, and they didn’t bring it to the floor. We asked for it over and over and over again so we could solve what everybody knows is a broken immigration system. But, at least in the ambit of these three bills, there is a solution to one small part of that that the President, on national TV, said he wanted to solve and would sign the bill—right up until the time he said he would veto the bill. The President is a very flexible indi-vidual, as we have all seen. I hope he would sign any one of these bills. And I think the Senate would pass the Aguilar-Hurd bill. If it were brought to the floor, I am convinced it would pass. I think it would pass the Senate, and I would hope the President would sign it and solve a problem that the President of the United States, when he rescinded the protections, asked us to legislate on and send him a bill. I would hope he would do that. I hope the majority leader would do that. I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman asked me a question earlier. I want to make sure I answer it. I made a claim that the gentleman voted to shut the government down. My claim is based upon three times: January 22, the continuing resolution to keep the government open, you voted ‘‘no’’; On February 6, the continuing resolu-tion, you voted ‘‘no’’; Then, when government was shut down, there was a bill to reopen the government on February 9, and you again voted ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.027 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3230 April 13, 2018 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I will look at those ref-erences. I did vote to shut down, certainly, I think in—I am not sure of the January date. When we had the majority, won that vote, the majority leader came back to the floor within a few hours. We had a vote. We voted to open up the government. Almost every Democrat voted for that. The government opened, and then we got a deal. So the issue that I asked the major-ity leader about he still has not re-sponded to, notwithstanding our meet-ing in September, notwithstanding the representations made by the President of the United States, notwithstanding the fact that the court has said what was done was done incorrectly, and notwithstanding the President’s re-quest to solve this issue and send him a bill and he would sign it and take the heat for it. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1200 ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 13, 2018, TO MONDAY, APRIL 16, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, April 16, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, this is National Crime Victims’ Rights Week, and back in 2004, I introduced the Crime Victims’ Rights Act, which was signed into law by President Bush as part of the Justice for All Act. Under that landmark legislation, crime victims were finally awarded criminal rights in Federal criminal cases, including the right to protec-tion, the right to timely notice not to be excluded and to be heard at all pub-lic hearings, the right to confer with the prosecutor, the right to restitu-tion, the right to a speedy trial, and the right to privacy. Several years later, the GAO found that too many victims were not aware of these important rights and that more needed to be done to educate vic-tims. You see, in civics class, we all learned about the rights of the accused, but very little attention is given to the rights of victims. Mr. Speaker, as we commemorate National Crime Victims’ Rights Week this week, it is important that we make sure victims know what their rights are under the law. It is the least we can do to show victims the respect and dignity that they deserve. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JORDAN M
CILDOON (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jordan McIldoon. Jordan, who came from Maple Ridge, British Columbia, Can-ada, was an only child with a big heart who worked hard and loved his family. He was just days away from his 24th birthday and was about to start trade school to further his knowledge as a mechanic’s apprentice. Jordan was always making jokes and loved trucks, motorcycles, and country music. He died saving his girlfriend, Amber Bereza, from gunfire at the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on Octo-ber 1. Jordan was a selfless person who only wanted to make people happy. He al-ways wanted to have a good time and was a happy-go-lucky kind of guy. Jor-dan is remembered for his sense of humor and laugh that could light up a room. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Jordan McIldoon’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF SERGEANT DIETRICH SCHMIEMAN (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce legislation to honor the memory of Marine Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman of Richland, Washington. Dietrich grew up in central Wash-ington and had a strong love for the Pacific Northwest. He had a positive influence on everyone he came into contact with and a life full of poten-tial. After high school, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps with the goal of be-coming part of its Special Operations Command. He bonded with his brothers in arms, but he remained close friends with his family in Washington State as he traveled around the world honorably serving his country. Sergeant Schmieman achieved his goal and was serving in the 2nd Raider Battalion at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, when he was tragically killed in a military cargo plane crash in July of 2017. He and 15 other servicemembers that passed away will never be forgot-ten for their sacrifice. Dietrich is remembered for his kind-ness, his sense of adventure and strong friendships. In honor of his service, I am introducing legislation, with the support of the entire Washington State delegation in the House of Representa-tives, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located on West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this legislation to honor the memory of Sergeant Schmieman, who gave his life for our Nation. f 
CBO LATEST BUDGET PROJECTIONS (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, this week, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office released its latest budget projections predicting that the Repub-lican tax plan will add a stunning $1.8 trillion to the deficit. It turns out major tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans do not pay for themselves. With their tax scam cut-ting revenue and exploding the deficit, Republicans have now set their sights on crippling Social Security retire-ment and Medicare health insurance programs that millions of Americans rely on. They shamelessly proposed a bal-anced budget amendment to distract from the reckless deficit spending, but I am here to say that the public is smarter than they think. They recog-nize this is just the next step in their plan to cut programs that strengthen retirement security and ensure healthcare access. I voted against this foolish budgeting proposal, and I urge my colleagues to commit to responsible bipartisan spending reform. 
f 
CELEBRATING ISRAEL’S 70TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the State of Israel. The United States was the first na-tion to recognize Israel as an inde-pendent nation in 1948. Since then, our nations have cultivated a significant and enduring relationship, one built on a shared commitment to democracy, peace in the Middle East, and economic prosperity. Israel is among the United States’ most important allies in the inter-national community. Since its inde-pendence, the Jewish state has resolved to maintain a free and democratic soci-ety, despite being surrounded by pow-ers committed to its destruction. I extend my sincerest congratula-tions to the citizens of Israel on 70 years of independence. I wish the Jew-ish state continued prosperity in the next 70 years, and I look forward to our two nations continuing to strengthen our alliance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.029 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3231 April 13, 2018 
COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : On April 12, 2018, pur-suant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure met in open ses-sion to consider 16 resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s Cap-ital Investment and Leasing Programs. The Committee continues to work to re-duce the cost of federal property and leases. The 16 resolutions considered include 11 lease prospectuses, four special emphasis program prospectuses, and one acquisition and rep-resent $71 million in savings from avoided lease costs and space reductions. I have enclosed copies of the resolutions adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on April 12, 2018. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. Enclosures. C
OMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —CONSOLIDATION ACTIVITIES  
PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the recon-figuration and renovation of space within government-owned and leased buildings dur-ing fiscal year 2018 to improve space utiliza-tion, optimize inventory, and decrease reli-ance on leased space at a total cost of $100,000,000, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution Provided, that an Expenditure Plan be sub-mitted to the Committee prior to the ex-penditure of any funds. Provided, that con-solidation projects result in reduced annual rent paid by the tenant agency. Provided, that no consolidation project ex-ceeds $20,000,000 in costs. Provided further, that preference is given to consolidation projects that achieve an office utilization rate of 130 usable square feet or less per person. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.031 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3232 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/2 here EH130418.001
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3233 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/3 here EH130418.002
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3234 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/4 here EH130418.003
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3235 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —FIRE PROTECTION AND LIFE  
SAFETY PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade, replace, and improve fire protection systems and life safety fea-tures in government-owned buildings during Fiscal Year 2018 at a total cost of $45,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3236 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/6 here EH130418.004
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3237 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.010 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/7 here EH130418.005
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3238 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —JUDICIARY CAPITAL SECURITY  
PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for alterations to improve physical security in Government- owned buildings occupied by the Judiciary and U.S. Marshals Service during Fiscal Year 2018 in lieu of future construction of new facilities at a total cost of $20,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3239 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/9 here EH130418.006
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3240 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/10 here EH130418.007
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3241 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —SEISMIC MITIGATION PROGRAM , 
VARIOUS BUILDINGS  Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C.§3307, appropriations are authorized for alterations to install, upgrade and improve seismic per-formance in Government-owned buildings during Fiscal Year 2018 at a total cost of $40,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3242 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/12 here EH130418.008
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3243 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/13 here EH130418.009
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3244 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/14 here EH130418.010
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3245 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —ARMY  
CORPS OF ENGINEERS , SACRAMENTO , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 233,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 65 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of Defense, Army Corps of Engi-neers currently located at 1325 J Street in Sacramento, California. at a proposed total annual cost of $10,019,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 205 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 205 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3246 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/17 here EH130418.011
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3247 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/18 here EH130418.012
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3248 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/19 here EH130418.013
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3249 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.011 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/20 here EH130418.014
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3250 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION , 
SALINAS , CA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 70,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 3 official parking spaces, for the So-cial Security Administration currently lo-cated at 100 East Alvin Drive in Salinas, California at a proposed total annual cost of $3,534,300 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 177 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 177 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3251 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/23 here EH130418.015
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3252 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/24 here EH130418.016
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3253 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/25 here EH130418.017
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3254 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/26 here EH130418.018
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3255 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY —IN-
TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE , TREASURY IN -
SPECTOR GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION , 
DENVER , CO Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 125,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 44 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of the Treasury—Internal Revenue Service and Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to consolidate three sep-arate leases in the Denver, Colorado area at a proposed total annual cost of $5,125,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 136 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 136 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3256 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/29 here EH130418.019
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3257 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/30 here EH130418.020
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3258 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/31 here EH130418.021
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3259 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.012 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/32 here EH130418.022
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3260 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY — 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE , PLANTATION , FL Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease ex-tension of up to 135,819 rentable square feet of space, including 65 official parking spaces, for the Department of the Treasury, Internal Revenue Service currently located at 7850 SW 6th Court in Plantation, Florida at a pro-posed total annual cost of $5,025,303 for a lease term of up to 2 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 261 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 261 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3261 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/35 here EH130418.023
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3262 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/36 here EH130418.024
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3263 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/37 here EH130418.025
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3264 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/38 here EH130418.026
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3265 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION , 
WESTON , FL Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 133,503 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 480 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration currently located at 2100 and 2200 North Commerce Parkway in Weston, Florida at a proposed total annual cost of $5,354,805 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 233 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 233 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity, Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3266 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/41 here EH130418.027
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3267 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/42 here EH130418.028
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3268 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/43 here EH130418.029
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3269 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.013 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/44 here EH130418.030
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3270 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE , DEFENSE IN -
TELLIGENCE AGENCY , PRINCE GEORGES COUN -
TY, MD Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 266,000 rentable square feet of office and warehouse space, including 10 official surface parking spaces, for the Department of Defense, Defense Intelligence Agency cur-rently located at 3300 75th Street in Land-over, Maryland at a proposed total annual cost of $4,921,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an office utilization rate of 115 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Adminis-trator determines that the office utilization rate cannot be achieved, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an office utilization rate of 115 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 cal-endar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.014 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3271 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.014 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/47 here EH130418.031
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3272 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.014 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/48 here EH130418.032
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3273 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.014 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/49 here EH130418.033
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3274 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.014 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/50 here EH130418.034
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3275 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE , KANSAS  
CITY, MO Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 374,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 20 official parking spaces, for six components of the Department of Agri-culture—Farm Service Agency, Risk Man-agement Agency, Office of General Counsel, Agricultural Marketing Service, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and compo-nents of the Office of Chief Information Offi-cer currently located at 6501 Beacon Drive in Kansas City, Missouri at a proposed total an-nual cost of $11,751,080 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 200 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 200 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3276 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/53 here EH130418.035
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3277 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/54 here EH130418.036
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3278 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/55 here EH130418.037
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3279 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/56 here EH130418.038
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3280 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE  
COMMISSION , WASHINGTON , DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 1,274,000 rentable square feet of space, including 10 official parking spaces, for the Securities and Exchange Commission cur-rently located at 100 F Street NE, 600 Second Street NE, and 700 Second Street NE in Washington, D.C. at a proposed total annual cost of $63,700,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 229 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 229 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3281 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/59 here EH130418.039
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3282 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/60 here EH130418.040
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3283 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/61 here EH130418.041
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3284 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.015 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/62 here EH130418.042
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3285 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF STATE , WASHINGTON , 
DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 101,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 15 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of State currently located at 515 22nd Street NW in Washington, D.C. at a pro-posed total annual cost of $5,050,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 200 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 200 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3286 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/65 here EH130418.043
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3287 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 310/66 here EH130418.044
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3288 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 311/67 here EH130418.045
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3289 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 312/68 here EH130418.046
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3290 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF STATE , WASHINGTON , 
DC Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 198,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 15 official parking spaces, for the De-partment of State currently located at 2200 C Street NW in Washington, D.C. at a proposed total annual cost of $9,900,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolu-tion. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 168 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 168 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3291 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/71 here EH130418.047
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3292 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/72 here EH130418.048
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3293 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/73 here EH130418.049
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3294 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.016 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/74 here EH130418.050
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3295 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —U.S. PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE , 
ARLINGTON , VA Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for a lease of up to 191,000 rentable square feet of space, in-cluding 3 official parking spaces, for the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office currently lo-cated at Randolph Square, 2800 South Ran-dolph Street in Arlington, Virginia, at a pro-posed total annual cost of $7,449,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. Provided that, the Administrator of General Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 153 square feet or less per person, except that, if the Admin-istrator determines that the overall utiliza-tion rate cannot be achieved, the Adminis-trator shall provide an explanatory state-ment to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives prior to exercising any lease au-thority provided in this resolution. Provided that, except for interim leases as described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 153 square feet or higher per person. Provided that, to the maximum extent practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. Provided further, that the General Services Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. Provided further, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services may not enter into this lease if it does not contain a provision barring any individual holding a Federally-elected office, regardless of whether such individual took office before or after execution of this lease, to directly participate in, or benefit from or under this lease or any part thereof and that such provision provide that if this lease is found to have been made in violation of the foregoing prohibition or it is found that this prohibition has been violated during the term of the lease, the lease shall be void, ex-cept that the foregoing limitation shall not apply if the lease is entered into with a pub-licly-held corporation or publicly-held entity for the general benefit of such corporation or entity. Provided further, prior to entering into this lease or approving a novation agreement in-volving a change of ownership under this lease, the Administrator of General Services shall require the offeror or the parties re-questing the novation, as applicable, to iden-tify and disclose whether the owner of the leased space, including an entity involved in the financing thereof, is a foreign person or a foreign-owned entity; provided further, in such an instance, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services shall notify the occupant agen-cy(ies) in writing, and consult with such oc-cupant agency(ies) regarding security con-cerns and necessary mitigation measures (if any) prior to award of the lease or approval of the novation agreement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3296 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/77 here EH130418.051
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3297 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/78 here EH130418.052
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3298 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/53 here EH130418.053
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3299 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/80 here EH130418.054
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3300 April 13, 2018 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
BUILDING ACQUISITION —ROBERT T . STAFFORD  
U.S. POST OFFICE & COURTHOUSE , RUTLAND , VT Resolved by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for the acqui-sition of the Robert T. Stafford U.S. Post Of-fice and Courthouse composed of 72,000 gross square feet of space located at 151 West Street in Rutland, Vermont at a total esti-mated project cost of $6,431,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution as amended by this resolution. Provided, that the General Services Admin-istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. Provided further, that the Administrator of General Services shall ensure that the space occupied by the U.S. Courts contains no more than one courtroom. Provided further, not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which a request from the Chairman or Ranking Member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives is received by the Administrator of General Services, the Administrator shall provide such Member a response in writing that pro-vides any information requested regarding the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3301 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/82 here EH130418.055
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3302 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/83 here EH130418.056
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3303 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/84 here EH130418.057
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3304 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/85 here EH130418.058
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3305 April 13, 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.017 H13APPT1
Insert offset folio 309/86 here EH130418.059
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3306 April 13, 2018 
There was no objection. 
f 
TRUMP CABINET’S SPENDING HABITS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, millions of Americans will stop procrastinating and sit down and do their taxes. Nobody likes paying taxes, but what people really hate is when their tax dollars are wasted or, worse, when the money they have worked so hard to earn, money that could have gone to paying for their mortgage or the rent, or money that could have gone to pay our troops or rebuild our roads instead ends up in the pockets of corrupt poli-ticians. When that happens, when a public of-ficial takes your hard-earned money and uses it to pay, for example, for a first-class flight or a fancy hotel, the American taxpayer has a right to know. That is why, today, we have written a letter to every worker in this country who pays taxes. You can find it posted on our websites or on me-dium.com. Our letter simply lists, for the ben-efit of everyone who will be sending in a return before April 17, some of the ways that the Trump administration has been spending your money. The American taxpayer has a right to know where those dollars are going. With the help of the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), my good friend, I would like to share with you a quick accounting of the Trump Cabi-net’s spending habits. We think a pat-tern will quickly emerge. While Lincoln had his ‘‘Team of Ri-vals’’ and Kennedy assembled the ‘‘Best and the Brightest,’’ Donald Trump is running a ‘‘Cabinet of Cor-ruption.’’ So let’s get started. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, Mr. G
ALLEGO and I both served in the Active Duty U.S. military because we believe America is an ex-ceptional country, the best in the world. But what really bugs us is the fraud, waste, and abuse of taxpayers’ funds and taxpayers’ money, and the culture of corruption in this adminis-tration starts at the top with the President. So I am just going to go through some numbers—these are facts—of how much Donald Trump has wasted of taxpayers’ money. He has spent over $58 million on 95 trips to golf clubs, including Mar-a- Lago, Bedminster, and other Trump- owned properties. Every time he takes one of these trips, according to The Washington Post and Politico, it costs about $3 million, with all the staff and everyone that has to go and travel with him. In addition, $137,000 was used for golf carts for the Secret Service be-tween January and October 2017 alone. At least $190,000 of taxpayers’ money was used for Trump brothers’ business trips in the first 3 months of 2017; $17,000 for custom rugs in the Oval Of-fice; over $12,000 on a custom con-ference table for the West Wing of the White House from, by the way, the same company used by President Nixon. So this corruption starts at the top, and now you are going to see, as you go along through the Cabinet, the fraud, waste, and abuse of taxpayers’ money. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, another example, Treasury Secretary Mnuchin, nearly $1 million on seven military flights, instead of flying commercial like his predecessors, including a day trip to Ottawa with his fiancee, a $26,900 military flight to Kentucky in August—coincidentally, while at the same time there is a solar eclipse, a trip that is still under investigation by the investigator general. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, and then we have Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who spent $139,000 of taxpayers’ money to ren-ovate some office doors; $39,000 for a helicopter tour of national monuments in Nevada; $12,000 on a private jet from Las Vegas, Nevada, where he spoke to a hockey team owned by a major donor, to his home in Montana; as well as a taxpayer-funded security detail that also accompanied him and his wife on their personal vacation to Greece and Turkey at considerable taxpayer expense. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, let’s talk about HUD Secretary Ben Carson: for a mahogany dining set for his of-fice, $31,000. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, and now we have Veterans’ Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, who spent over $122,000 of taxpayer funds with his wife to go to Europe for their primary purpose of sightseeing. David Shulkin has been fired. I shall also note that Secretary Tom Price, who was also in the Trump Cabi-net, spent huge amounts of taxpayers’ dollars on first-class flights. He was also fired. Mr. GALLEGO. That is, actually, they were personal planes that he took that cost a total of $500,000, Congress-man L
IEU. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Oh, that is correct. Sorry. I took your spot. Mr. GALLEGO. That is all right. All is forgiven. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Well, there are just so many folks. The next person we have is former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who also was fired. He spent $12 million of taxpayers’ money in fees to consult-ants in an attempt to downsize and re-structure the State Department. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, we have our favorite cause, or celebrity now-adays, the EPA Administrator, Scott Pruitt, who, so far, has spent $800,000 for around-the-clock security, nearly twice the cost of security for Pruitt’s two immediate predecessors; $105,000 in first-class commercial airline tickets during his first year in office, including a $40,000 trip to Morocco to promote the use of natural gas, which doesn’t even fall under the EPA mission. He spent $1,600 on a first-class plane ticket from Washington to New York in order to make two brief television appear-ances defending the decision to with-draw from the Paris climate agree-ment. You could take a train that will take you just as long and will end up being, privately, one-tenth of that price if you wanted to go with everyday Americans instead of trying to live it up. b1215 He also did an $84,000 trip to Italy to meet with G7 Environment Ministers and took a private Vatican tour; more than $58,000 on chartered flights, in-cluding a $36,068 flight from Cincinnati, where Pruitt appeared alongside Trump at an event to New York, where he caught a flight for his Italy trip; a $5,719 intra-State flight from Denver to Durango, Colorado—I have done this trip before. It does not cost you $5,719— despite Governor Hickenlooper’s offer of a State plane ride, which would have been free; $120,000 for a right-leaning PR firm, known for its campaign-style opposition research that may have been used to target career EPA em-ployees; and another $43,000 on a sound-proof phone booth for Pruitt’s office and $6,000 on biometric fingerprinting locks for that booth. Pruitt also bypassed the White House in order to grant raises to two of his aides worth tens of thousands of dol-lars. Pruitt’s former deputy chief of staff reports that Pruitt far outspent the $5,000 decorating allowance for his office, frequently stayed in luxury ho-tels that exceeded even the 300 percent per diem government rate cap for ex-ceptional circumstances, and directed staff to find official reasons for Pruitt to fly home to Oklahoma or to various cities he wished to visit at taxpayer ex-pense. I would like to point out that we haven’t even fully done 2 years in the Trump administration and we are talk-ing about so many of his own Cabinet members who are creating waste, fraud, and abuse. Had any of this oc-curred during the time when President Obama occupied the White House, we would have a Congress—specifically, the Republican-led Congress—talking about this every day. They would have oversight hearings. They would actu-ally be trying to keep the Presidency in check. Instead, with very few excep-tions, what we have is a Republican Congress that is part of the problem and not part of the solution. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GALLEGO. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, but wait. There is more on Scott Pruitt. In addition to his waste of taxpayers’ money, he also got a sweetheart deal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.032 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3307 April 13, 2018 
from lobbyists in Washington, D.C. He was able to get a lease for just $50 a night—something you can’t really get anywhere near Capitol Hill—and he only had to pay on the nights that he was there, even though the lease said that the landlord had to keep it open for 6 months—it was on demand and he could go there any time—oh, and, by the way, his daughter could also basi-cally stay as well. When you put out the numbers, that agreement was two to three times less than what any ordi-nary citizen could have gotten. This culture of corruption has now led to a Cabinet of corruption. I don’t care whether you are a Republican or a Democrat or an Independent, this is just not acceptable. It is time that the American taxpayer speak out and tell the Trump administration: We have had enough. You need to start firing these officials who are wasting tax-payers’ money and getting sweetheart deals for lobbyists. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, when the President ran for office, he ran on a saying: drain the swamp. Does this look like you are draining the swamp? Does the list of people and the list of corruption we have seen, does that look like you are draining the swamp? No, it seems like you are just adding it. All you are doing is adding more and more to the culture of corruption and creating that swamp. If the President was serious about it, if my colleagues were also serious about draining the swamp, then they need to keep their own party and their own Cabinet members in check be-cause, right now, that is not hap-pening. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GALLEGO. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, in fact, this administration has fertilized the swamp. It is tremen-dously, bigly huge right now. We have lobbyists who have inappropriate deals with Cabinet officials, we have Cabinet officials spending a lot of taxpayers’ money to live up their luxury lifestyle of first-class jets, of luxury hotels, and of trips they don’t need to take. This is simply not acceptable. This is exactly the opposite of what the President ran on, and the voters are going to know this this November. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, in clos-ing, if you wonder why these Cabinet members feel that they can get away with this, if you wonder why some of these lifelong career politicians and ex-ecutives think that this is a good idea, it is because they look at the top. They look at the top and they say: Well, my leader, President Trump, is allowed to do this, why can’t I also take part? It is the leadership at the top that is creating this culture. It is the leader-ship at the top that is not draining the swamp, but only making it swampier. That is why you see Secretary Mnuchin, that is why you see Pruitt, that is why you see all of these people basically acting like the President: wasteful with our tax dollars, abusing our tax dollars, and not even trying to explain why, or feeling bad about why they did it. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GALLEGO. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, Congressman G
ALLEGO and I are writing an open letter to the Amer-ican taxpayers that is going to contain all of these facts, with the sources cited, so that the American people can see for themselves the huge waste of taxpayers’ money from the Cabinet of corruption. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, while you are filling out your taxes—I al-ready did mine. I did not procrastinate this time, thank God. I am sure Con-gressman L
IEUis a lot more organized and probably got it done 3 months ago—but when you are doing your taxes, and when you pay your taxes, just remember, some of that money has gone into the pockets of some politi-cians who did not need it. It could have gone somewhere else. It could have gone to your favorite issue. It could have gone to our troops. It could have gone to some of our more important causes. Instead, it was because one Cabinet member decided that he need-ed to take a first-class trip instead of sitting in coach like the rest of us. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to direct all remarks to the Chair and to for-mally yield and reclaim time when under recognition. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it has been an interesting week here. I always appreciate following people speaking who want to limit waste in our Federal Government. I only heard a little snippet, but it caught my ear. I heard something men-tioned about EPA Director Scott Pru-itt gave a raise to two people who shouldn’t have gotten them. Actually, I can elaborate a little bit on that. One of his staff had recommended a raise to two people without the Direc-tor’s permission, and they didn’t get the raise. It didn’t happen. He is one of the most effective people in that job. He is one of the reasons the economy is doing well. And jobs for mi-nority members are at an all-time high record-setting. So I can understand when a Cabinet member like Scott Pru-itt is doing an incredible job and the economy is exploding as a result doing so well, people being employed, and making more. Mr. Speaker, I can also report, hav-ing spent 2 weeks in my district a week before and a week after Easter—I am hearing it from people in jobs you wouldn’t even think of that—that the economy is doing well. It is pretty typ-ical for people telling me, who are in retail, whatever it is, their sales are up 30, 40, or 50 percent from where they were after the first quarter, even last year. I really don’t believe we would ever have gotten a tax bill if we had not had the undying commitment to get some-thing done that we had from President Trump. So it is a good thing. It is going to be a good year. When the economy is going good, it is a good thing. I have been here 13 years, but I have noticed that if Republicans are in the majority and the economy is being turned around—I know President Obama had said we will never see 3 per-cent growth in the economy again, it would take a magic wand, Trump would have to have a magic wand to get the economy growing by 3 percent ever again—and another piece of good news is we have found out that Presi-dent Trump, as President, has already made enough changes, through people like Scott Pruitt and others, so that the economy has already hit 3 percent growth; and we hope by the end of the year it will be much better. So good news. My friend is concerned about waste. It is not what was initially reported, but I am thrilled to see the concern about waste. I know that is one thing that both sides of the aisle now will be concerned about. But it is interesting. When the econ-omy gets to going so well, that is when I usually see my friends across the aisle get more concerned and start using the term ‘‘corruption.’’ And why not? I know back in 2005 and 2006, when there were Democrats being arrested and there was trouble across the coun-try with corruption on both parties, and we started hearing the term ‘‘cor-ruption, corruption, corruption,’’ it was a huge help to the Democrats. They won the majority. Then, as soon as people saw how bad the corruption had become under the Democratic ma-jority, we were able to get the majority back. Now the key is to do something with it. Obviously, we saw yesterday that it is not enough to just bring a balanced budget bill to the floor that doesn’t have a spending cap that would have forced taxes to go up. That is not going to be enough to convince Americans that we are serious about cutting waste in our spending. We are going to have to actually avoid things like that out-rageous omnibus that passed with over 60 percent of Democrats voting for it and over 60 percent, apparently, of Re-publicans voting for it. There is another bit of good news. I do think this part of the news is a help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.034 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3308 April 13, 2018 
to the economy, and one of the reasons we are seeing a help to the economy. I know there are some megawealthy folks out there who want to see no bor-der like the Clintons were pushing for. They had megawealthy friends. They want as much illegal immigration com-ing in as they can. Never mind that there are criminals coming in, there are people who want to harm our Na-tion, and people here, never mind that. If people can be rewarded who are big donors, then good, let’s have open bor-ders. But that is not the position of the people who elected President Donald Trump. We need to be about the things that allowed us to keep the majority and elected Donald Trump as Presi-dent. If we don’t, the majority will be lost, and then the next couple of years will be spent dealing with impeach-ment of a President who has been charged with what the prior adminis-tration did. There is an interesting thing called projecting. One group commits horren-dous offenses, then before the other side can properly investigate what that group did, the offending group starts projecting their offenses as if they were done by the opposing side. There is an article entitled: ‘‘Attor-ney General Jeff Sessions Announces New ‘Zero-Tolerance’ Illegal Immigra-tion Policy,’’ and that is making a dif-ference. We are having an immense problem as the call has been for more and more amnesty legalizing people here illegally. It has caused a flood of people coming across our southern bor-der, so Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ announcement is a big help. It appears that it is helping to slow the rate of people flooding to the United States. b1230 Hopefully, the announcement by the President to call for National Guard troops on the border is also helping, be-cause when people know they are going to be turned away, they realize, ‘‘Why should I even make the trip?’’ But I would commend our National Guard. Of course, under the doctrine of posse comitatus, normally they are not to be used against U.S. citizens, that is the law under very tight exceptions, but they don’t have to. If the National Guard is allowed to go to the border, not like in the prior administration or even the prior troops that the Bush administration sent, if they are actually allowed to go to the border and stand there—I mean, the busiest sector for a long time now, for a few years or so, has been the McAllen sector. It was Arizona, but as that bor-der was toughened up, McAllen down in south Texas, that sector became a busier sector. I think it had to do also with the activity of the drug cartel in Mexico that covers that sector of our border. Probably, if that surge coming up from Central America through Mex-ico, any of them were to make it, that is probably where they are going to be coming. I have been there at night, and all night, many nights, and it is very clear, when Governor Perry sent game wardens, DPS troopers just to stand on the high bank on the U.S. side of the Rio Grande River, there are coyotes. I have been there with our folks, the Border Patrol that are doing the best they can there, and some of our DPS, and both have night vision gear. And the Texas DPS folks allowed me to use some night vision gear, and we were able to see some coyotes hiding behind the trees across the way. They were waiting for people on the U.S. side of the border, the Rio Grande, to move out of the way, because the coyotes, apparently, their lives can be in jeop-ardy. If the raft they use to bring across illegals is destroyed, then their lives may be destroyed by the drug car-tel or the gang that was working for the drug cartel, so they don’t want their raft to be destroyed, they don’t want to get caught. The experience is, since I have seen it so many hundreds of times, the people coming across in the rafts, they want to be caught, because they knew from the Obama years that when somebody gets there, they don’t tell them, ‘‘Go back. You are not going to be allowed to set foot on U.S. soil.’’ Oh, no. Once you get across, then it is time to in- process you. We have our questions to ask as we in-process you. We may put you in a facility and provide you food, three meals a day, take care of your needs, or we may just let you provide us the address that the drug cartels gave the person coming in illegally, or the family or group, the address being where the drug cartels wanted those in-dividuals to go to work. Because as I have heard them say many times, ‘‘Oh, well, they told us I could work off the rest. $7,000 to come in. I had $1,500, we had people in the United States that sent $2,000,’’ these kind of stories over and over. It is not on the list of required ques-tions, but some of our folks would ask anyway, ‘‘How much did you pay? Well, you don’t have that kind of money. Where did you get it?’’ Then there was always at least $3,000, $4,000, $5,000 that had not been paid. ‘‘Oh, they are going to let me pay that off when I get to the address they are sending me.’’ So what an amazing business model to have potential employees, basically indentured servants, and you don’t pay your employee. No. They pay you a bunch of money to get to come to work for you because you are going to get them across the border. Then the Department of Homeland Security under the Obama administra-tion—you talk about waste, fraud, and abuse. The Obama administration would then have Homeland Security ship them to the city to which the drug cartel told them they wanted them to go work and gave them an address, and then when they got to the city, then they were allowed to work for the drug cartel to pay off the money that the drug cartel said they still owed them. What a great business model. Your em-ployees pay you to get to work for you, and the U.S. Government will send them to their location. That is why Border Patrol told me, a number of different ones told me, that the drug cartels in Mexico look at our Homeland Security—this all occurred during the Obama years, as their logis-tics. They get them across the border, and immediately, Homeland Security takes charge and gets them to where they were needed in the drug traf-ficking arena. And there were places all over the country. It is tragic, President Trump has pointed it out, and it is true, despite some of the naysayers, when groups start coming to the United States, whether they come from Central Amer-ica and are allowed by what should be a friend in Mexico to come all the way through Mexico to come into the United States, there are going to be girls that are raped, there are going to be young women and some older women that are forced into sex traf-ficking, and there are going to be some people that lose their lives. The very best thing we could do for the people of Mexico, and I am saying the people of Mexico, not elected lead-ers in government who have gotten there by the drug cartels, no, I am not talking about people under the control of the drug cartels; I am talking about the people of Mexico, the people that deserve so much better, the best thing we could do is totally secure our border so that the only people who come in come in lawfully. We are trying to get the proper word-ing for a bill that will actually tell our Border Patrol, anybody coming into the United States through any place other than a legal crossing area are to be denied the opportunity to step foot on American soil, on U.S. soil. Because, I mean, I’ve been there, I have seen it. Texas, the DPS troopers, the game wardens, they won’t allow people to step on the U.S. side, but when the Federal folks come along, they say, ‘‘Oh, no, come on in so we can in-proc-ess you.’’ I watched that over and over during the Obama years. All we have to do is just say, ‘‘No, you are not coming in through an ille-gal avenue or an illegal method. You are not coming in. You are not going to set foot here. You come by air, then we are going to turn you around and send you right back. You come across the water, we are not going to let you land. We are going to turn around and send you right back. You are not going to step foot.’’ That is apparently what we need to tell our folks. Don’t even think about in-processing. If you are going to come in, if you are going to come ask for am-nesty or any kind of thing, come through a legal port of entry, come through a legal avenue, and we will have our folks talk to you before they allow you to come in. You need to be legal coming in or you are not coming in. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.035 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3309 April 13, 2018 
That is rather basic, but apparently we need something like that to make clear we are serious about enforcing our border. So it is welcome news. We have an article, this one by Charles Ortel. He is quoting Jeff Sessions: ‘‘‘You play a critical part in fulfilling these goals, and I thank you for your continued ef-forts in seeing to it that our laws—and as a result, our Nation—are respected,’ he said. ‘‘The crackdown comes after the De-partment of Homeland Security re-ported a 203 percent increase in illegal border crossings from March 2017 to March 2018, according to the memo. The department also noted a 37 percent increase from February 2018 to March 2018—the largest month-to-month in-crease since 2011.’’ I will interject here, the reason is very clear for this. The more that peo-ple in Washington talk about the term ‘‘amnesty,’’ the word ‘‘legalization,’’ the word ‘‘DACA,’’ any of these things, it creates yet another surge and an-other surge. My position has continued to be con-sistent. I thoroughly supported Presi-dent Trump’s platform in this area, and it is probably the biggest reason that people went out and voted for President Trump. We are going to en-force our border, we are going to secure it, we are going to build a wall where we need it. We have got to get that done, be-cause when people talk about DACA, amnesty, legalization, it brings more and more people surging to our border, more people will be pulled into sex slavery, more people will be losing their lives, more people will be pulled into drug trafficking. All of that hurts our country. It is destructive to Mexico, provides tens of billions of more dollars for corruption. I mean, Mexico, they have got the nat-ural resources, incredible natural re-sources. They have got some of the hardest working people in the world. They have got the best location, right between two major continents, two big oceans, perfect location. The only thing holding them back is corruption. If we secure our border, it brings an end to the wild corruption that exists in Mexico and further south. This article says: ‘‘Arrests of people trying to cross illegally into the U.S. from Mexico were actually at a 46-year low throughout 2017, according to data from the Department of Homeland Se-curity.’’ So that was great. ‘‘Border officers apprehended ap-proximately 310,000 people in fiscal year 2017—a 25 percent decrease from the previous year. ‘‘The number of apprehensions jumped by 40 percent from February to March, which DHS said was consistent with seasonal trends. ‘‘Sessions said the ‘unacceptable’ border situation is a result of Congress’ failure to pass legislation that would close ‘dangerous loopholes’ and fund President Donald Trump’s proposed border wall.’’ So one of the big problems I had with the omnibus bill, it not only didn’t pro-vide funding for the wall, here we have a majority in the House, majority in the Senate, and basically it was a slap at President Trump: ‘‘Not only are we not giving you money for the wall, but we are going to put $1.5 billion in there and say it is only to replace fences, and they have got to be open where you can see through them.’’ What a slap at the President, what a slap at the people that are trying to control our border, secure our border. Another article from CBS News about the same policy, the same an-nouncement. That was from April 6. Then this from The Hill, Michael Stopa: ‘‘Jeff Sessions sends California a strong message on immigration.’’ It starts: ‘‘There is more than a little historical irony here. In response to the Trump administration’s initiatives to restore order in and respect for the Nation’s immigration laws, the Cali-fornia State Legislature passed, and liberal politicians and business and en-tertainment elites of the State are vo-cally defending, three laws which open-ly defy the Constitution and challenge the Union.’’ It is basically a declaration of seces-sion from California. That is my inter-jection. This says: ‘‘The California regula-tions are dedicated to maintaining a traditional way of life and protecting economic and political power built on the manual labor and, eventually, the votes of an illegal class of workers.’’ b1245 ‘‘By protecting the institution of ille-gal immigration, the California laws not only usurp Federal prerogatives (to the detriment of less affluent Califor-nians) but also undermine law enforce-ment far beyond the borders of the State. Therefore, the Justice Depart-ment this week initiated court pro-ceedings against the rebellious State, challenging the constitutionality of the three statutes. ‘‘So, deriding California’s ‘‘irra-tional, unfair, and unconstitutional policies,’’ Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions began his march to the sea. It is a script just made for Hollywood. Ac-cording to the Los Angeles Times, the three laws which the Justice Depart-ment is challenging make it a crime for businessowners to voluntarily help Federal agents find and detain undocu-mented workers, prohibit local law en-forcement from alerting immigration agents when detainees are released from custody and create a State in-spection program for Federal immigra-tion detention centers.’’ Now, Mr. Speaker, let me interject here. This part here, ‘‘prohibit local law enforcement from alerting immi-gration agents when detainees are re-leased from custody,’’ that needs a lit-tle further elaboration. What California is saying, if they are in custody, then they have been charged with a crime, or they have been accused of a crime, or there is probable cause to suspect them of a crime. So when California passes laws say-ing these people who are in custody, because we have probable cause to be-lieve they are criminals, we don’t want the Federal Government to know that we have illegal aliens who we have probable cause to believe committed crimes, we want those people in Cali-fornia, in San Francisco. We want those criminals, those people there is probable cause to show committed crimes, we want them in our State, we want them in our town; and so we are passing a law, let’s keep these crimi-nals in California, for Californians, taking jobs Californians would do if they were paying a little more for them, but these people here illegally, some of them will take them, others will get welfare. Others will apply for child tax credits and get thousands back they didn’t pay in. That continues to happen and, hope-fully, will be coming to a stop soon, once we get the IRS under control and get the IRS to begin following the law as they so boldly and brashly offended and violated during the Obama admin-istration. We couldn’t believe that there was so much money being paid out in child tax credits. How is that happening if people are illegally here? Well, it turns out, even though the law says you have to have, basically, a valid Social Security number to get more money back than you paid in, the IRS, some time back, decided, you know what—I know they intended well. They thought, gee, there are a lot of people working that would pay taxes if they had some number to allow them to pay taxes. So even though the law doesn’t allow it, we are going to give these working people taxpayer ID num-bers, and then that way, they will file income tax returns, and we can get all these billions of dollars in taxes from people that are working here that are here illegally. But that went a bit awry because as soon as people began figuring out, wow, I am filing a tax return, and even though the law requires I have a valid Social Security number, the IRS is sending me back thousands of dollars, all I have got to do is file and claim I have a whole bunch of children some-where, and they will send me a check. Well, it is time for that to come to an end. It is time for the law to be en-forced. Some of these things, we don’t need new laws, we just need the law en-forced. What these articles are saying is that the new Attorney General is intent on enforcing the law as it is, even though a place like California is spurning its own citizens and saying, we would rather have people who commit crimes than allow the Federal Government to move those who commit crimes amongst us. It is an unbelievable story. That is not governance; that is insanity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.037 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3310 April 13, 2018 
Well, I am thrilled the Attorney Gen-eral is taking a stand for law enforce-ment. It has been so badly needed for so many years. This article from Robert Moore and Matt Zapotosky, believe it or not, from the Washington Post, they can get an article every now and then of interest. This is from Las Cruces, New Mexico. ‘‘Attorney General Jeff Sessions, whose Justice Department has come under intense criticism from President Trump and some congressional Repub-licans in recent days, repeatedly praised President Trump in a speech to law enforcement officials Wednesday about immigration enforcement. ‘‘’You might even say we have got a new sheriff in town,’’’ and that is pret-ty true. But here again, the report comes back that there is this increase, big in-crease, people flooding to our border because of all the discussion about le-galization, amnesty, DACA. Until the border is secured, this body has no business taking up any legislation or even talking about legislation that will legalize anybody that is here. Let’s get the border secured, then we can work it out. I have no question whatsoever. In my mind, we could get a bipartisan legisla-tion passed from the House, through the Senate, the President will sign it, after the border is secured. But until the border is secured, we are luring more people to their deaths, into sex trafficking, just by dangling this shiny object, coming to the United States, and luring people into their detriment. If the government were an individual or a company, and it was saying things that lured people in to an area where they were harmed, then that person or that company could be sued and would have to pay out incredible judgments for this attractive—what is called an attractive nuisance. They are lured in by promises of le-galization, amnesty, DACA, all this, and yet, some get here, lose their lives on the way, or once they get inside the border trying to get somewhere, many young women lured, or forced, rather, into sex trafficking, drugs. That is an outrageous, attractive nuisance. But since it is the government, you can’t sue them. Hopefully, we can do something about that, if a State or local govern-ment were trying to get the language right, so that if you are a State or a local government, and your policies en-courage people to come to the area ille-gally, and to the detriment of local citizens, you know, the local govern-ment should be liable. This from Laura Jarrett and Evan Perez, earlier this year: ‘‘Federal au-thorities are actively investigating al-legations of corruption related to the Clinton Foundation, the charity of Bill and Hillary Clinton, according to a U.S. official briefed on the matter.’’ The reason I am bringing this up, Mr. Speaker, is so many people are saying nothing is being done and, actually, the reason they are saying that is we have an ethical Attorney General, un-like previous years, who doesn’t make a big announcement about investiga-tions that are quietly, ethically taking place. So a lot of people, because they are used to having Justice Department of-ficials like Mueller and Comey leaking things, Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder, leaking things out there that should not be released and they should not be releasing; now we have a Justice De-partment, at least at the top, they are not leaking stuff, so you don’t hear about it much. And that is why I think these articles are important. ‘‘The FBI and Federal prosecutors are looking into whether donors to the foundation were improperly promised policy favors or special access to Hil-lary Clinton while she was Secretary of State in exchange for donations to the charity’s coffers, as well as whether tax-exempt funds were misused, the of-ficial said. ‘‘The investigation’’—and this is not an illegal leak. This is a legitimate story. ‘‘The inquiry was first reported by The Hill, which cited law enforcement sources and a witness who was inter-viewed. ‘‘It’s unclear precisely what, if any, new evidence ignited the current Fed-eral investigation, after initial inquir-ies had stalled prior to the 2016 elec-tion.’’ Oh, it reports: ‘‘The investigation, led by the FBI field office in Little Rock, Arkansas, is being overseen by the U.S. Attorney’s Office in the State, according to the source.’’ They are not putting out information about who and what they are doing like, obviously, Mr. Comey had gotten into the habit of doing. A representative for the Clinton Foundation dismissed the substantive allegations as unfounded. But the article goes on: ‘‘The current probe of the foundation comes at a sen-sitive time for the Justice Depart-ment.’’ ‘‘Some Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill have cheered Trump on, while others within the party, and many Democrats, have raised concerns in recent months.’’ But this article says: ‘‘The funda-mental thing is you cannot be Sec-retary of State of the United States of America and use that position to ex-tort or seek contributions to your pri-vate foundation.’’ CNN was told on New Day in 2016: ‘‘That is a fundamental violation of law and that does appear to have hap-pened.’’ ‘‘The fact remains that Hillary Clin-ton’’—this is from her spokesperson— she ‘‘never took action as Secretary of State because of donations to the Clin-ton Foundation.’’ And naturally, that would be the right thing to say because it is a crime to do that. But the fact is, and apparently the investigation is into the over $100 mil-lion in donations that were made to the Clinton Foundation that appears to have dried up and gone nonexistent after Hillary Clinton lost the election. So what are you to conclude? Hun-dreds of millions of dollars pouring into the Clinton Foundation while she is Secretary of State and while she has a chance to be President, and as soon as people realize they could pay but there would be no play, there would be no pay-for-play, that you would not be able to keep paying for the opportunity to see the Clintons or get some favor from the State Department or get some favor from a potential President, dried up, people weren’t rushing to give do-nations anymore. This from Daniel Flynn, March 20. ‘‘As Washington obsesses over alleged collusion involving the Russians and the current administration, a separate investigation in Little Rock looks into alleged corruption involving the pre-vious administration and the Russians. ‘‘‘FBI agents are interviewing peo-ple,’ Joseph DiGenova, a former U.S. attorney hired by the President on Monday, told The American Spectator over the weekend. ‘That is a big deal. I can assure they are interviewing people because our firm represents one of the people they have interviewed.’’’ b1300 ‘‘DiGenova says the investigation has been ‘underway for some time’ and in-volves the Clinton Foundation, ‘which includes Uranium One and its various transactions.’ DiGenova notes that he did not know whether investigators have empaneled a grand jury or not. For many, the FBI expending resources on interviewing witnesses and inves-tigating the massive foundation for months indicates that if a grand jury does not already exist, one will soon. ‘‘Sources tell The American Spec-tator that the investigation began fo-cusing on Uranium One, a Canadian en-ergy company sold to a state-owned Russian company, before broadening to a much wider range of issues. Though the Clinton Foundation calls Manhat-tan home and the State Department operates in Foggy Bottom, Eastern District of Arkansas U.S. Attorney Cody Hiland presides over the inves-tigation because the foundation also boasts ventures, including the Clinton Presidential Center, in Little Rock. The foundation reports on its website that ‘we work on issues directly or with strategic partners from the busi-ness, government, and nonprofit sec-tors to create economic opportunity, improve public health, and inspire civic engagement and service.’ These partners, given Hillary Clinton’s role as Secretary of State from 2009 to 2013, made observers uneasy prior to her as-suming that role and led to special transparency and ethics rules osten-sibly embraced by the foundation. Given uranium’s role in nuclear weap-ons and nuclear energy, and the U.S.’s position as a minor player in uranium 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.038 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3311 April 13, 2018 
production, the specific case of Ura-nium One involves more than mere cor-ruption. ‘‘‘What I’ve always wanted is a grand jury to look at it,’ Peter Schweizer, who exposed the Uranium One scandal to a wide audience in Clinton Cash and exposes a number of alleged pay-to- play schemes in his new book Secret Empires, explained to The American Spectator. ‘The common sense of the average America will determine pretty quickly that there was pay to play in-volved.’’’ In any event, the deal which then put about a fifth of the uranium of the United States under the control of the Russian Government required the ap-proval of various Federal Government entities, including Hillary Clinton’s State Department. Rosatom, the en-ergy company owned by the Russian Government, obtained that approval and optimally gained full control of Uranium One. Just incredible. So, good news. That is being inves-tigated under the Jeff Sessions Justice Department. There is some good news, and I look forward to real Russian col-lusion being exposed after proper inves-tigation and the projecting, which has occurred by people who did collude im-properly with the Russian Government in the past administration, actually being held to account for what they did but what they continue to say others in the Trump administration did in order to try to run out the statute of limitations on their wrongdoing. Well, the statutes of limitation haven’t all run, the investigations are ongoing, and I still hold that hope that springs eternal in the human breast that real justice will be done. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF SENATOR DANIEL K. AKAKA The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) for 30 minutes. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, we are here today to honor the memory of our dear friend and colleague, Senator Dan-iel Akaka. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Hawaii (Ms. G
ABBARD ). Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory and in celebration of my friend and mentor, Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka, who took his final breath exactly 1 week ago today. I was in Hawaii and woke up very early to a text message from one of his children, who let me know that he had passed away around 5 o’clock that last morning. We all took that day to re-member him and his life and to think back on the memories that we have of how he dedicated his life to serving the people of Hawaii and our country. From his service in the U.S. Army back during World War II, to his years that he spent taking care of our ‘‘chil-dren,’’ ‘‘keiki,’’ as a public school teacher and a principal, his work in the State, and then serving more than 36 years in the United States Congress. He was the first Member of Congress to serve of Native Hawaiian ancestry and made history in many different ways. He is known throughout Hawaii for so many reasons, but when you say the word ‘‘Akaka,’’ it is synonymous with ‘‘aloha,’’ because that is what he rep-resented throughout his life. And the warmth and the fondness, the love and the kindness that he shared with ev-eryone, made it so that he was not known so much as Senator Akaka so much as Uncle Danny. He did all of this with his wife, Millie, by his side. Mother of five chil-dren, Auntie Millie herself is a force of nature. She was ever-present here in Washington, with Senator Akaka in his travels, and expressed aloha in her own way. In everything he did, Senator Akaka put service before self. He truly walked the talk. He carried the spirit of aloha with him in his heart and at the fore-front of his actions. Now in the last week, the people of Hawaii, many people across the coun-try, many of our colleagues here in Washington have been sharing their own personal stories about how Sen-ator Akaka touched and inspired their lives, talking about the legacy that he left behind and the example that he set with his life. And the central theme in each of these stories that I have heard all comes back to aloha. ‘‘Aloha,’’ which means kindness, respect, and love for others, regardless of any differences that we may have, whether they be by race, ethnicity, religion, socioeconomic status, or anything else. To this day, here in the Capitol, sometimes I will bump into some of his former colleagues in the U.S. Senate, even here people he served with in the U.S. House, and as soon as you mention his name, you can kind of see their shoulders fall, their stress fall away, and they get a smile on their face as they think about the time that they had serving with him. They will have little stories about a codel that they went on with him or a committee that they served on with him, and they always talk about how kind he was. No matter who you were, no matter what was going on around you, he always took that moment to share the warmth of his own heart with yours. This even came from those who dis-agreed with him. This even came from those who fought him hardest on the signature bill that he tried to pass, the Akaka bill. Even if they opposed his policies, none of them had anything ill to say of him. This speaks to the impact that he left on the United States Capitol, on Washington, on this country, and on Hawaii. And it speaks to the legacy that he leaves behind that will continue to in-spire leaders of our country and leaders in our community, people everywhere, to serve in their own lives in that same spirit of aloha and respect for every-one. After I returned from my first de-ployment to Iraq with the Hawaii Army National Guard, I had the privi-lege of being able to work in Senator Akaka’s office as a legislative aide. He was chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee at the time, and coming back, this was a great opportunity, I felt, to be able to help him in that serv-ice to help make reforms and changes to our VA and our country’s policies and how our veterans are cared for, in particular the post-9/11 veterans, in particular the large number of Na-tional Guard and reservists who were being activated to serve in the Middle East, and who were not being treated with the kind of respect and honor and dignity that they had earned through their service. This included everything from the GI Bill to VA services and qualifications that they earned. I was able to experience firsthand on a daily basis the impact that he made, his example of aloha. Taking the time as he was rushing to a committee or rushing to vote to stop and say ‘‘hello’’ to the janitor who was mopping the floor; to stop and say ‘‘aloha’’ to visi-tors who were coming from Hawaii or from other States; to stop and talk to the staff and ask how they were doing, how was their family, how were things going. He invested in building lifelong rela-tionships. He spent that quality time, whether it was short or long, because he understood how important every in-dividual is, and how he wanted to take advantage of that moment to share his aloha, recognizing that only by work-ing together, only through aloha and bringing people together, can we make real positive change. For those of us who had the oppor-tunity to work with Senator Akaka, ei-ther in his office in Washington, in Ha-waii, on one of his campaigns, or in some capacity, we have bonded over the years; and every year we got to-gether with Senator Akaka, his wife, and his family to celebrate his birth-day in September of every year. During this last year, this past Sep-tember, I was able to spend some time with him and chatted a bit. And as he always does, he asked: How are things going in Washington? And he expressed his sadness about how divisive things have become, how the kind of collegiality and respect that existed when he was serving in the U.S. Senate for so many years that allowed people to disagree without being disagreeable, that allowed people to debate strongly their disagreements on issues but come together at the end of the day to find a solution, that that has largely been lost. And as a result, we are seeing the gridlock and the divisiveness and the lack of results, the lack of delivery to our constituents, in large part, because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.040 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3312 April 13, 2018 
of no aloha. This respect has largely been lost. He has always spoken about how aloha is the solution. So as we remember Senator Akaka’s legacy of service and aloha, the best way that we can honor his life is by doing our best to live aloha in his ex-ample: serving others; doing our best to protect our planet; finding common ground where we can; seeing that even though we may disagree on certain issues, there will be others that we agree on; fighting for justice; fighting for equality; and fighting for peace. He was a courageous leader. I am grateful to have the opportunity to serve my constituents in Hawaii in the same congressional seat that he once held, and I will forever be inspired by his friendship and the life that he lived. ‘‘Thanks very much,’’ ‘‘Mahalo nui loa,’’ to his wife, Auntie Millie, and to his entire family for sharing him with us, and thank you to Uncle Danny for sharing your aloha with the world. You will be missed. ‘‘Until we meet again,’’ ‘‘a hui hou.’’ Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). As everyone knows, Alas-ka and Hawaii’s relationship is more than legendary. (Mr. YOUNG of Alaska asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewomen from Hawaii (Mses. H
ANABUSA and G ABBARD ). I am privileged to stand on this floor be-cause of them and honor, to me, a great friend. I know that we are saying we are honoring Senator Danny Akaka, or Daniel. I would like to refer him to the higher body as Congressman Akaka. Thirteen years we served together. I have never found a gentleman, as you said before, one that loved and remem-bers better than he. He worked with me, and I probably knew Danny better than anybody else. I call him Danny because we were friends. I knew him probably better than anybody else because his locker was right next to mine down in the gym. b1315 We would have conversations about Alaska and about Hawaii, and how we worked together with Danny Inouye, Senator Stevens, and myself. It was a marvelous combination. And I believe that Alaskan combination with Hawaii still exists today because of the two congressional ladies. We work to-gether. We have a unique difference from all of the other States. We are not contiguous to the big body of the United States. We are actu-ally scattered far north and far west, but we work together. Although they have a tropical climate and we have a frozen climate, we have the comrade-ship that is necessary to work to-gether, and we continue to do that. Danny was a soldier, a teacher, and, yes, a great Congressman. I will tell you that the people of Hawaii will miss him, but I hope he has left a legacy that will continue to encourage young people to become involved in the polit-ical arena to try to solve problems. I can’t agree more with what was said by the previous speaker about the lack of aloha, the lack of recognition for one another in differences of opin-ion. I do not think that you can accuse me of that because I recognize each person elected in this House is elected by 730,000 people, and they represent those people. So recognize and respect the beliefs, but work out and solve problems. Danny did that. All the time that we worked to-gether, there was never a Democratic problem or a Republican problem. There was a problem, and we would reach across the aisle, one another, with all of the chairmen that served to-gether collectively, and we would solve those problems. We were able to legis-late. Somewhere along the line, the well was poisoned, and we no longer legis-late. I think Danny would be deeply disturbed by that. I think he would wish us greater things. I believe he would understand that it is time for us to work together as a nation. I am proud to say that we still work together as Alaskans and Hawaiians trying to solve those areas where prob-lems exist in no other place in the United States, and we do work to-gether to solve them and we do get it achieved. Now, if we can just do that, maybe we ought to send the rest of the Con-gress to Hawaii in the wintertime and bring the rest of them to Alaska in the summertime, and everybody would love one another and we would get a lot more done. So, again, it was mentioned about Millie, his wife, and his family, and he would be proud. There are great people in our history, and I can tell you, I considered Danny Akaka, Senator or Congressman, as one of the greater ones. As we know, he is gone, and I know he will be looking upon what we can achieve if we actu-ally aloha one another. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, hello—hafa adai and aloha. I rise today to honor the life and the legacy of the late Senator Daniel Akaka. Senator Akaka was a very dear friend and a champion for the people of Hawaii and all Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. His tireless advocacy for 22 years in the Senate and 14 years in this House before that led to better Federal policies for and a recognition of the unique needs of Pacific Islander communities. As the first Native Hawaiian Sen-ator, Senator Akaka fought for the ad-vancement of Native Hawaiians and the rights of all native people, includ-ing Guam’s Chamorro people. He understood the need to support minority Americans and was a pas-sionate voice for native people. He un-derstood the need to support minority Americans, and Senator Akaka was a true friend of Guam, working dili-gently to ensure that our issues were prioritized. He gave Guam a voice in the United States Senate, and I was very proud to work closely with him to ease the bur-dens of the Compacts of Free Associa-tion on our islands, to promote better education for Pacific Islanders, and to fight for veterans services for those who sacrificed for our Nation. I could always count on Senator Akaka among Guam’s strong advocates in the United States Senate. Our con-cerns and, indeed, the concerns of all territories were always his concerns as well. I am deeply saddened by the passing of this great statesman, friend of Guam, and treasured colleague. I will miss Senator Akaka’s kindness, his aloha spirit, and his shared love for the islands and all of our peoples. During his tenure in the Congress, he was a voice for peace, tolerance, and equal-ity. So on behalf of Guam, I extend our deepest sympathies to his lovely wife, Millie, my friend; his children; his grandchildren; his great-grandchildren; and the people of Hawaii. Our country has lost a great man, but his legacy will endure through the lives of the countless Americans he helped during his storied life, and his career. Senator Akaka, thank you—si yu’os ma’ase, and mahalo. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of my dear friend and former colleague, Senator Daniel Kahikina Akaka. For 36 years, Senator Akaka rep-resented Hawaii in the Congress of the United States. He was the first person of Native Hawaiian descent to serve in the United States Senate. A 22-year veteran of that body, he chaired the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Committee on Indian Affairs, the Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs Subcommittee on Over-sight and Government Management, and was a senior member of the Senate Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and Armed Services. Prior to serving the Senate, he proudly represented Hawaii’s Second Congressional District for 14 years in this Chamber. He fought with humility and respect for his beloved home State of Hawaii and its people. A relentless champion of Native Ha-waiians, an indigenous people, he advo-cated for increased access to healthcare, education, and economic opportunity. He worked to secure rec-ognition and benefits for veterans. Before pursuing elected office, he served in the U.S. Army Corps of Engi-neers during World War II. He used the GI Bill to earn his undergraduate and graduate degrees from the University 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.041 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3313 April 13, 2018 
of Hawaii before teaching math, music, social studies, and serving as a prin-cipal. He would later transition into State government as a director of the Hawaii Office of Economic Opportunity, focus-ing on policies and programs to help al-leviate poverty. Senator Akaka’s distinguished serv-ice and congressional contributions are numerous and distinguished. He em-bodied the aloha spirit, and his kind-ness and empathy is his greatest leg-acy. Mr. Speaker, it is difficult to articu-late how much he means to the people of Hawaii. Senator Akaka represented everything that is and could be good in all of us. He saw the best in everyone and never had a bad word to say about anyone. If you were fortunate to meet him, as I was humbled to do so on many occasions, you walked away feel-ing better about yourself and the world. Your spirit refreshed and re-focussed. He preached that kindness and aloha must never be sacrificed to get things done. We do not need to emulate the aggressive brinksmanship and bullying that too often define our policy debates here. Senator Akaka embraced biparti-sanism and knew that, if we could empathize with those we disagreed with, we were that much closer to a compromise. Toward the end of his service in the Senate, he remarked: ‘‘I feel that since I came here, one of the things I’ve tried to do—and done it as much as I can— was to bring about a feeling here of a spirit that comes from Hawaii, that we call aloha spirit, because it opens things up, it cuts down fences, it helps people to feel the need to work with each other.’’ Whenever deciding how to vote, it wasn’t about looking to the left or looking to the right, but what was in-side his heart. He recalled many in-stances in which he disagreed or voted differently than his friends, but he never let a policy difference impact that friendship. Always a schoolteacher, he was a stickler for grammar and punctuation. Senator Akaka mentored generations of public servants. In every office of the Hawaii delegation, you will find the Senator’s staff carrying on his mis-sion. One of his former legislative as-sistants is now my colleague in the House, who spoke earlier, Congress-woman T
ULSI GABBARD . My legislative director, Elizabeth Songvilay, and military legislative as-sistant, Dan Kouchi, were fortunate to work for the Senator. Liz shared a story, one of many that live on, about how the Senator and Auntie Millie managed the annual Sen-ate ice cream reception. They insisted that the entire office, including com-mittee staff, go with them into the Senator’s-only section, where Members and their immediate family were served with no lines. Auntie Millie would walk in and tell everyone the staff was her and the Senator’s grandkids. He maintained one of the most di-verse offices on the Hill, which usually included people of all races who defi-nitely did not look like they were re-lated to the Akakas. That was the Sen-ator, always generous and striving for equality. There was no special line for Senators. He considered that everyone he ever worked for was his partner and equal. Mr. Speaker, I will forever be grate-ful for what Senator Akaka meant to me as a friend and mentor. I was hum-bled and honored to have his support. I urge my colleagues to honor the Sen-ator’s legacy by committing to bipar-tisan leadership and civil discourse but, more importantly, by living with aloha. Mr. Speaker, Senator Akaka was known to break into song at special oc-casions, and his favorite song was called the ‘‘Hawaiian Lullaby,’’ words by Hector Venegas and Peter Moon, music by Peter Moon. These are the words, and they epitomize him: Where I live, there are rainbows, With life in the laughter of morning and starry nights. Where I live, there are rainbows, And flowers full of colors and birds filled with song. I can smile when it’s raining, And touch the warmth of the Sun. I hear children laughing in this place that I love. Where I live, there are rainbows, With life and the laughter of morning and starry nights. 
Mr. Speaker, that is Senator Akaka. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Hawaii? There was no objection. Ms. HANABUSA. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, April 16, 2018, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXII, the fol-lowing Member executed the oath for access to classified information: C
ONOR LAMB 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 4522. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Restructuring of Regulations on the Importation of Plants for Planting [Docket No.: APHIS-2008-0011] (RIN: 0579-AD75) re-ceived March 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4523. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Fresh Cherimoya Fruit From Chile Into the United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0015] (RIN: 0579- AE13) received March 29, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 4524. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict, Department of Defense, transmitting a de-scription of the activities of the National Guard Counterdrug Schools during fiscal year 2017, pursuant to 32 U.S.C. 112 note; Public Law 109-469, Sec. 901(g) (as amended by Public Law 114-328, div. A, title X, Sec. 1012) (130 Stat. 2385); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4525. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Amendment to Mentor-Protege Program (DFARS Case 2016-D011) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0033] (RIN: 0750-AJ05) re-ceived March 21, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 4526. A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, Department of Defense, transmitting a report on the Post Courts-Martial Actions in the Case of the 1944 Port Chicago Explosion, as directed by House Report 114-537, page 153, accompanying H.R. 4909, the National De-fense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. 4527. A letter from the Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s semiannual Mone-tary Policy Report to the Congress, pursuant to Public Law 106-569; to the Committee on Financial Services. 4528. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Mortgage Servicing Rules Under the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) [Docket No.: CFPB-2017-0030] (RIN: 3170-AA75) received March 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4529. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Jeffer-son Parish, LA, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA- 2018-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8515] received March 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4530. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, transmitting the Corpora-tion’s final rule — Alternatives to Ref-erences to Credit Ratings With Respect to Permissible Activities for Foreign Branches of Insured State Nonmember Banks and Pledge of Assets by Insured Domestic Branches of Foreign Banks (RIN: 3064-AE36) received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K13AP7.043 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3314 April 13, 2018 
Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4531. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting the National Security Education Program 2017 Annual Report, pur-suant to 50 U.S.C. 1906(a); jointly to the Com-mittees on Education and the Workforce and Intelligence (Permanent Select). 4532. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Division, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — All-Terrain Vehicles [CPSC Docket No.: 2017-0032) re-ceived March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4533. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification of When Products Made or De-rived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amend-ments to Regulations Regarding ‘‘Intended Uses’’; Partial Delay of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-2002] (RIN: 0910- AH94) received March 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 4534. A letter from the Legal Advisor, Of-fice of the Bureau Chief, Wireless Tele-communications Bureau, Federal Commu-nications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Accel-erating Wireless Broadband Deployment by Removing Barriers to Infrastructure Invest-ment [WT Docket No.: 17-79] received April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4535. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a notice of a Determination on Imposition and Waiver of Sanctions under Sections 603 and 604 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107-228); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4536. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on United States Citizens Detained by Iran, as required by the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, Public Law 115-44; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4537. A letter from the Chief Judge, Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia, trans-mitting the Family Court 2017 Annual Re-port, pursuant to Public Law 107-114, Sec. 4(a); (115 Stat. 2111); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4538. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2017 Federal Information Security Modernization Act and Privacy Management Report, pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 3553(c); Public Law 113-283, Sec. 2(a); (128 Stat. 3076); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4539. A letter from the Director, Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Compliance and Oper-ations Division, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Depart-ment’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4540. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107- 174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4541. A letter from the Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4542. A letter from the Executive Director, U.S. World War One Centennial Commission, transmitting the Commission’s periodic re-port for the period ended December 31, 2017, pursuant to Public Law 112-272, Sec. 5(b)(1); (126 Stat. 2450); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 4543. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Amendments (RIN: 2900-AQ22) received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 4544. A letter from the Acting Chairman, Surface Transportation Board, transmitting the Board’s final rule — Ex Parte Commu-nications In Informal Rulemaking Pro-ceedings [Docket No.: EP 739] received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4545. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim final rule — Reimbursement of qualifying adoption expenses for certain veterans (RIN: 2900-AQ01) received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 4546. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Electronic Submission of Certain Servicemembers’ Group Life Insur-ance, Family Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance, and Veterans’ Group Life Insur-ance Forms (RIN: 2900-AP98) received March 14, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 4547. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s reporting ac-tion taken to apply import restrictions on an emergency basis on certain categories of ar-chaeological and Ottoman ethnological ma-terials from Libya, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 2602(g)(1); Public Law 97-446, Sec. 303(g)(1); (96 Stat. 2354); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4548. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Modified 2018 Cost-of-Living Adjust-ments to the Internal Revenue Code Tax Ta-bles and Other Items (Rev. Proc. 2018-18) re-ceived March 16, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4549. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; HHS Notice of Benefit and Payment Parameters for 2019 [CMS-9930- F] (RIN: 0938-AT12) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 801. A bill to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–633). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3961. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–634). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1512. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account num-bers to young children in cases where con-fidentiality has been compromised; with an amendment (Rept. 115–635). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5192. A bill to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to cer-tain permitted entities, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–636). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5444. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–637, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5445. A bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cy-bersecurity and taxpayer identity protec-tion, and modernize the information tech-nology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–638). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 5444 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SHUSTER (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 4. A bill to reauthorize programs of the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.000 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3315 April 13, 2018 
Ways and Means, Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. N OR-
MAN): H.R. 5503. A bill to authorize the programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. M CMOR-
RIS RODGERS , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. H
ECK): H.R. 5504. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4801 West Van Giesen Street in West Rich-land, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DENT (for himself and Mr. W
ELCH ): H.R. 5505. A bill to ensure independent in-vestigations and judicial review of the re-moval of a special counsel, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 5506. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for direct payment to physician assistants under the Medicare program for certain services fur-nished by such physician assistants; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 5507. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification requirement for inpa-tient critical access hospital services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. C RIST, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. T ITUS, and Ms. M
ENG): H.R. 5508. A bill to repeal the prohibition on transfer of articles on the United States Munitions List to the Republic of Cyprus; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): H.R. 5509. A bill to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for re-search about STEM education approaches and the STEM-related workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-self, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. L
EE, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. R
USH, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
LAY, and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 5510. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide lawful per-manent resident status to previously re-moved alien parents and spouses of citizens of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 5511. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to require that the rec-ommendations of the United States Preven-tive Services Task Force on the effective-ness, appropriateness, and cost-effectiveness of clinical preventive services be based on data for the respective populations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 5512. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration to establish a grant program to address ris-ing costs of tax compliance for small busi-ness concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 5513. A bill to provide for an exchange of lands with San Bernardino County, Cali-fornia, to enhance management of lands within the San Bernardino National Forest, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5514. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat certain income with respect to partnership interests held in connection with the performance of services as ordinary income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THORNBERRY (for himself and Mr. SMITH of Washington) (both by request): H.R. 5515. A bill to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. B
ERA): H.R. 5516. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for em-ployer-provided worker training; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. PANETTA (for himself and Mr. G
ALLAGHER ): H.R. 5517. A bill to improve assistance pro-vided by the Hollings Manufacturing Exten-sion Partnership to small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain on mat-ters relating to cybersecurity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 5518. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to establish a preference, in the allocation of donated organs, for indi-viduals who are lawfully present in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5519. A bill to amend the Plant Pro-tection Act for purposes of mitigating the threat of invasive species, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. DEGETTE (for herself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. D ELBENE, and Mrs. L
OVE): H. Res. 825. A resolution recognizing the impacts of climate change on outdoor recre-ation and supporting policies that address the causes and effects of climate change; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H. Res. 826. A resolution noting the Baltic States of Estonia’s, Latvia’s, and Lithua-nia’s 100th anniversary of independence; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , and Ms. S A´NCHEZ ): H. Res. 827. A resolution expressing support for the designation of April 2018 as ‘‘National Donate Life Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FOSTER: H. Res. 828. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives in sup-port of science diplomacy, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. S
PEIER , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mrs. M
IMIWAL-
TERS of California, Mr. P EARCE , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts): H. Res. 829. A resolution recognizing and supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
174. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Georgia, relative to House Resolution 1053, urging the United States Congress to create a reliable, predictable stream of resources to address deferred maintenance needs in Amer-ica’s National Park System; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SHUSTER: H.R. 4. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Consitution, specifically Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L13AP7.100 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3316 April 13, 2018 
By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 5503. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 5504. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. DENT: H.R. 5505. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 5506. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 5507. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 5509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Naturalization Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 4) By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 5511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 5512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 By Mr. COOK: H.R. 5513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 5515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Govern-ment and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 5516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, of the US Constitution. By Mr. PANETTA: H.R. 5517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POSEY: H.R. 5518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, Congress has the power to institute legislation which is necessary and proper for the protection of the Amer-ican people. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 5519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. S CHRADER . H.R. 303: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 392: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 681: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 795: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1017: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 1037: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 1048: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 1134: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1156: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 1171: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1205: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. H UDSON , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1206: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1316: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1318: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1322: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1406: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 1445: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1456: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1542: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1614: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 1651: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida. H.R. 1734: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 1757: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1772: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 1872: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1905: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 1928: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1952: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2050: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2119: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2150: Mr. TONKO and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 2159: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2315: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida. H.R. 2552: Mr. P
ERRY . H.R. 2740: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. B ARLETTA . H.R. 2953: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 3030: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. D UNN, Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 3356: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3464: Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. C RIST, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 3528: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3569: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 3592: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3600: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 3733: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 3798: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 3800: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3896: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3956: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 3975: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4099: Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor- gia. H.R. 4143: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4206: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 4229: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 4232: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4240: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 4253: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 4268: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 4311: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 4451: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4459: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY and Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 4548: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 4635: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4639: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H.R. 4729: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4732: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. D
ONOVAN , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4846: Ms. A
DAMS and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 4889: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4916: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 4953: Mr. M
EEKS and Mr. R USH. H.R. 5011: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
APUANO , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 5038: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H
IMES, and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 5047: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 5087: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 5113: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5115: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 5121: Mr. C
OLE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 5129: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. R USH, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. K
INZINGER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 5136: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 5141: Mr. P
ERRY , Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. B
OST, Mr. B YRNE , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5191: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 5199: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 5200: Ms. B
ASSand Ms. L EE. H.R. 5208: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5226: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5240: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5282: Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 5292: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 5310: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. S TIVERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.008 H13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3317 April 13, 2018 
H.R. 5317: Ms. M CCOLLUM . H.R. 5359: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 5392: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 5415: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 5435: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 5445: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 5460: Mr. Y
ODER and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 5476: Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. J ONES , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  of California, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. M ENG, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. P
INGREE , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. V ELA, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. M
OULTON , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. S CHIFF . H.J. Res. 122: Mr. B
ARR. H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H. Res. 274: Ms. T
ITUS and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut. H. Res. 356: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. E
LLISON . H. Res. 401: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. U
PTON . H. Res. 763: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. H. Res. 769: Ms. JAYAPAL . H. Res. 774: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H. Res. 785: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. G
OHMERT , Ms. T ENNEY , Mrs. M CMORRIS ROD-
GERS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, and Mrs. N OEM. H. Res. 786: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 817: Mr. T
AKANO . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
97. The SPEAKER presented a petition of The Common Council of the city of Syracuse, NY, relative to Resolution No. 6-R 2018, urg-ing the Federal Government to pass legisla-tion in support of a national revenue-neutral carbon fee and dividend in order to help slow climate change; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tions: 
Petition 7 by Mr. CLYBURN on the bill (H.R. 3464): Ms. Roybal-Allard. Petition 8 by Mr. COHEN on the bill (H.R. 4669): Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Ms. Roybal-Allard, Ms. Rosen, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Lipinski, Mr. Gonzalez of Texas, Mr. Bera, Mr. Veasey, Ms. Pingree, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Cummings, and Mr. Lar-sen of Washington. Petition 9 by Ms. JACKSON LEE on the bill (H.R. 3654): Mr. Hastings, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Takano, Mr. McEachin, Ms. Pingree, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mrs. Beatty, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Lynch, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Ms. Adams, Mr. Bishop of Georgia, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Ca´rdenas, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Cum-mings, Mr. Sires, Ms. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, Ms. Fudge, Mr. Espaillat, Mr. Kihuen, Mr. Gene Green of Texas, Mr. Lowenthal, Mr. Evans, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Yarmuth, Mrs. Demings, Mr. Soto, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Ms. Titus, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Johnson of Georgia, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Beyer, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Roybal-Allard, Mrs. Dingell, Mr. Ellison, Ms. Hanabusa, Ms. Matsui, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Brown of Maryland, Mr. Krishnamoorthi, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Langevin, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Carson of Indiana, Mr. Carbajal, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Gomez, Mr. O’Halleran, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lewis of Georgia, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Sherman, Mr. DeSaulnier, Mr. Nolan, Mr. Rush, Mrs. Lawrence, Ms. Sewell of Ala-bama, Mr. Schneider, Ms. Lee, Mr. Payne, Ms. Esty of Connecticut, Ms. Blunt Roch-ester, Mr. Cuellar, Mr. Veasey, Mr. Cicilline, Mr. Gallego, Ms. Bass, Mr. Norcross, Mr. McNerney, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Engel, Ms. Bonamici, Ms. Brownley of Cali-fornia, Ms. Kuster of New Hampshire, Mr. Cohen, Mr. Smith of Washington, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mr. Lipinski, Ms. Jayapal, Ms. Barraga ´n, Mr. Raskin, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Welch, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Gutie´rrez, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Sarbanes, Mr. Larson of Con-necticut, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Courtney, Mr. Brady of Pennsylvania, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Cleaver, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. DeLauro, Ms. Kap-tur, Mr. Kennedy, Ms. Michelle Lujan Gris-ham of New Mexico, Mrs. Davis of California, Mr. Pallone, Mr. Meeks, Ms. Vela ´zquez, Mr. Crist, Mr. Kilmer, Ms. Clark of Massachu-setts, Mr. Serrano, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. Crowley, Mr. Clay, Ms. Meng, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Peters, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Suozzi, Mr. Correa, Mr. Higgins of New York, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Himes, Mr. Kildee, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Gonzalez of Texas, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. Polis, Mr. Aguilar, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Neal, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Ms. Castor of Florida, Mr. Hoyer, Mr. Schiff, Ms. DelBene, Ms. Judy Chu of California, Mr. Levin, Mr. Ben Ray Luja´n of New Mexico, and Ms. McCollum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A13AP7.020 H13APPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE455 April 13, 2018 
HONORING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF JOE’S PLACE PIZZA & PASTA 
HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Joe’s Place Pizza and Pasta, which has been proudly serving Arlington and Northern Virginia for 40 years, beginning with its first lo-cation in 1978. Joe Farruggio came to the U.S. from his Sicilian hometown of Agrigento, Italy in 1970 to pursue the American dream. After opening his first location in Bailey’s Crossroads in 1978, the family added addi-tional locations with ongoing success, finally consolidating the locations to Arlington so fam-ily members could remain closely involved and ensure the superior customer service they proudly provide every day. Over time, Joe’s Place has developed a reputation for the best pizza in town, along with a warm, friendly atmosphere and strong support for the community, especially our local schools and nonprofits helping others less for-tunate. Many of Joe’s staff have been with them for 10, 20, even 30 years. They and their many longtime regular customers truly are like family. The entire Farruggio family, made up of Joe and his sons Roberto, Enrico and Alessandro; his wife Rosa and children Rosario and Gabriella; Rosabel and her hus-band Anthony and daughter Gemma; Calogero and his wife Maria; Rosario, his wife Patricia and son Alessandro; Marisa and her husband Sami and daughter Sofia; Fortunato and his wife Maria; Franco and his wife Anna and daughter Isabel; Federica and her hus-band Max and sons Adam and Matteo, and all of Joe’s dedicated, hardworking staff are proud of this 40th anniversary milestone and truly grateful for their success, for being part of the wonderful Arlington community, and for representing one local family’s achievement of the American Dream. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MEDEA KALOGNOMOS—28TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Medea Kalognomos of Sunland, California. In 1962, Medea moved to the United States from Iran to pursue her education. After grad-uating from Belmont High School in Los Ange-les, she attended North Carolina State Univer-sity and Point Loma Nazarene University in California, receiving a Bachelor’s Degree in French and a Master’s Degree in Pupil Per-sonnel Services. Medea fulfilled her lifelong dream of becom-ing a school teacher when she was hired by the Glendale Unified School District, where she worked for a quarter of a century. She taught French and English as a Second Lan-guage (ESL) at Eleanor J. Toll Middle School, and then became an ESL Program Specialist at Eleanor J. Toll Middle School and Woodrow Wilson Middle School, and was also a Coun-selor at Glendale High School, where she pa-tiently and compassionately advised students. She also guided many immigrant students and made a lasting impact in their lives, by instill-ing in them the importance of civic involve-ment and education. An avid student advocate and civic leader, Ms. Kalognomos has dedicated countless hours to the community, and has served in over sixteen community and academic organi-zations in the past thirty-five years. Currently, she is a member of the Armenian Educational Foundation, the Armenian National Committee of America—Western Region Education Com-mittee, and co-president of the Committee for Armenian Students in Public Schools, which is an organization that has been a positive influ-ence and inspiration to students in public schools. Most recently, Medea served as chairperson of the Committee for Armenian Students in Public Schools Leadership Work-shop, where Glendale Unified School District and Los Angeles Unified School District high school juniors with a 3.5 and higher grade point average gathered to learn valuable lead-ership skills and the importance of volun-teering in the community. In addition to her tireless service in the local communities, Medea has volunteered at schools, orphan-ages and hospitals in Armenia for many years. Medea’s extraordinary work has not gone unnoticed as she has been recognized with numerous awards, including the Ruby Award from the Soroptimist International of the Verdugos. Ms. Kalognomos has been married to Ser-geant Major Alexander Kalognomos for 50 years, and they have two children, Alex and Helen. I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, well-respected woman of Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, Medea Kalognomos. 
f 
HONORING MS. VERONICA ‘‘RONNIE’’ BRADLEY 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Veronica ‘‘Ronnie’’ Bradley, a groundbreaking Marine Corps veteran. Ronnie, a longtime resident of New Milford, Connecticut, passed away on February 25 at the age of 95 after a long and inspiring life. As a young woman, Ronnie became one of the first women to join the Marine Corps in 1942 during the Second World War. Following boot camp and training, Ronnie was stationed at an air base in Santa Barbara, California. The Marine Corps was one of the last to wel-come women into service, and Ronnie and her compatriots were instrumental in changing the service’s culture to recognize the passion and value women brought to the Marines. During the war, Ronnie literally became a poster child of the Marine Corps—her image was used in a recruiting flyer encouraging women to enlist and serve. After the end of World War II, Ronnie left the Marines and began her family, but she re-mained active in the veteran community throughout her life. She shared her story and passion for service with countless others across Connecticut and our country, and was recognized by the Marine Corps as the 2011 Marine of the Year. Mr. Speaker, Ronnie Bradley not only volun-teered to serve her country during a national crisis, but also broke the ground for genera-tions of women to follow her in serving as Ma-rines. Her passion and humility are examples to all of us who pursue public service. My con-dolences go out to Ronnie’s family and all those who will miss her special spirit, and it is right that we celebrate her achievements here today and keep her story and memory alive. f 
CRISIS OF OUR NATIONAL DEBT 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, we need to address the crisis of our federal debt. We need fiscal responsibility. As Members of Con-gress, we are entrusted by the public to be wise stewards of taxpayer dollars. The deficit is a long-term threat to our country’s stability, but this proposed amendment is not a realistic solution to that problem. We need a bipar-tisan, adult conversation about the need for both budget cuts and additional revenue to bring our country’s finances into balance. This shouldn’t be rocket science. A Balanced Budget Amendment would be worthy of consideration if properly crafted to provide flexibility in times of war, recession, or national emergency. However, this rigid amendment fails to anticipate these unfortu-nate, but inevitable, contingencies. Instead, it is a cynical attempt to paper over the enor-mous cost of the Republican tax bill that dis-proportionately benefits wealthy and corporate interests in the United States. That’s not a so-lution for serious investment in our country, nor is it a plan for smart growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K13AP8.001 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE456 April 13, 2018 
We need to have responsible discussions about how to fund our military, provide support to Americans in need, and invest in infrastruc-ture, research, and other ways to improve Americans’ lives. In short, we need to have a budget that works for its citizens. A balanced budget cannot just mean cutting for the sake of cutting. Responsible budgeting must include the revenue side as well. It’s not too much to ask the wealthiest Americans and major corporations to pay their fair share, to give back to American society and help build our country up. This serious conversation about both revenue and spend-ing has been notably absent from our recent debates. Congress has all of the legislative tools it needs to fix the deficit, it just requires making the tough choices to create real solutions. As we saw during the Clinton years, we have the potential to balance the federal budget, and even run surpluses. We simply need to join to-gether in a bipartisan effort and muster the will to enact responsible fiscal policies that ad-dress both revenue and spending. If we see fiscal responsibility as consisting of only spending cuts, or only revenue adjust-ments, then we are doing a disservice to the nation, and we are not living in the real world. Our looming debt is a serious issue, and it needs to be discussed seriously. I ask my colleagues to oppose this Bal-anced Budget Amendment, and I implore my colleagues to join me at the table for a re-sponsible discussion on deficits, revenue, and spending. We need to have broad-based, if difficult, conversations about our budget proc-ess. Only then will we come up with budget compromises that work for all Americans. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION TO EXPRESS SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF APRIL 2018 AS NATIONAL DONATE LIFE MONTH 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, since 2003, April has been recognized as ‘‘National Do-nate Life Month’’ across the country. Every year, the month serves as a chance to en-courage organ and tissue donor registration, recognize those individuals who continue to wait for a transplant, and honor living and de-ceased donors and their families for their gift of life. Every ten minutes, a person is added to the national transplant waiting list. As of April 2018, more than 114,000 people are awaiting an organ donation. Unfortunately, despite over 130 million people registered as donors, the need for donated organs outweighs the sup-ply. Sadly, on average, 20 people die each day while waiting for a needed transplant. The simple truth is that organ donation and transplantation saves lives. In fact, organ do-nation from a single deceased donor can ben-efit up to eight individuals. And living kidney and liver donors provide transplant candidates with the chance to live longer. Today, on Blue & Green Day, during which the public is encouraged to wear blue and green to raise organ donation awareness, I am proud to introduce a bipartisan resolution to recognize April 2018 as ‘‘National Donate Life Month’’ and support its goals and ideals. f 
TRIBUTE TO PATRICIA ANNE KINAGA—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are mak-ing a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Patricia Anne Kinaga, of Pasadena, California. A third generation Japanese American, Pa-tricia Anne Kinaga was born and raised in Los Angeles County. Her parents, Rose and Thomas Kinaga, met when they were interned during World War II. After the war, her parents moved the family to Palos Verdes Estates, where she experienced discrimination, and it was this negative childhood experience that set Patricia on a life-long path to advocate for the lives of Asian Pacific Islanders every-where. Patricia received a B.A. cum laude in urban anthropology at University of California Los Angeles and obtained a Master in City Plan-ning at the University of California Berkeley. Upon graduating from UC Berkeley she se-cured a position with the State of California Department of Housing and Community Devel-opment in Sacramento, where she was se-lected to participate in a White House spon-sored program in the Sierra Nevadas to im-prove housing and economic conditions for the rural impoverished in that region. She grad-uated from Georgetown Law in 1984 and moved back to Los Angeles to begin her legal career at the Los Angeles City Attorney’s Of-fice and in this position, she served as a pros-ecutor specializing in domestic violence and child abuse cases and as a civil trial attorney in the Employee Relations Section. After work-ing as a partner in serval prestigious law firms including her own, Ms. Kinaga joined LTL At-torneys LLP as a partner. A community leader for well over thirty years, Patricia served on the board of direc-tors of Planned Parenthood, Los Angeles, is a founding member of the Los Angeles chapter of Asian Pacific Islanders for Choice, Co- Founder of The Center for Asian Pacific Amer-ican Women, and the Chair and Co-Founder of Asian and Pacific Islanders with Disabilities of California. She is a former member of the President’s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities, an alumni of the Jap-anese Leadership Delegation, past president of the Japanese American Bar Association, and is an appointed member of the American Bar Association Commission on Disability Rights. Ms. Kinaga has received numerous awards, including from Asian Americans Advancing Justice, the NOW Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund, the State Assembly and Senate Women in Business Award, and the pres-tigious Peter E. Haas Public Service Award from UC Berkeley. In addition, Patricia is also an award winning writer/producer who re-ceived a Los Angeles Area Emmy Awards nomination for the film ‘‘About Love’’ on do-mestic violence. Other major works include a documentary on the 442 Regimental Combat Team, which has been distributed to schools by the History Channel. Patricia, her husband Peter Wong and their two children, Brandon and Emily live in Pasa-dena California. I ask all Members to join me in honoring an exceptional, well-respected woman of Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, Patricia Anne Kinaga. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF BETTY FORD’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the day of First Lady Betty Ford’s 100th birthday. Her lifetime of work bettered the lives of countless Americans. Born in Chicago, Illinois, in 1918, Elizabeth ‘‘Betty’’ Ford moved to Michigan as a young girl and worked various jobs to help her family make ends meet during the Great Depression. At the age of 11, she earned money by mod-eling, working with disabled children, and dancing, which became a lifelong passion of hers. Mrs. Ford moved back to Grand Rapids after taking dance classes and performing in New York City. That was where she met her eventual husband, Gerald Ford, a World War II veteran and practicing lawyer. After her hus-band was elected to his first term as a Mem-ber of Congress, the Fords moved out east, where they’d live for over 20 years as he served 13 terms in the House of Representa-tives. After being appointed as Vice President in 1973 under President Richard Nixon after the resignation of Spiro Agnew; Mr. Ford as-sumed the presidency in 1974 and served until 1977. Mrs. Ford was a beloved First Lady of the United States, known for her genuine passion for the causes she championed and her love for her four children: Michael Gerald Ford, John ‘‘Jack’’ Gardner Ford, Steven Meigs Ford, and Susan Elizabeth Ford. As First Lady, Mrs. Ford was an advocate for women’s rights and was at the forefront of the women’s movement in the 1970s. She was unabashed in her belief that every Amer-ican deserves to receive equal treatment in the workplace and public landscape and was named Time Woman of the Year in 1975 for her efforts. She was always honest and can-didly refreshing for the political arena. Other causes that the First Lady notably championed included the arts and breast cancer aware-ness. She spoke openly about her mastec-tomy when in the White House and went on to be very blunt about alcohol and opioid drugs and helped found the Betty Ford Center. Her courage and support helped numerous people with their journey of addiction and re-covery. On what would be her 100th birthday, her legacy remains; Mrs. Ford was a strong, blunt, tenacious, real and courageous leader whose spirit continues to this day to inspire women and men alike to stand up for what they believe in. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Mrs. Betty Ford’s contributions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.002 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE457 April 13, 2018 
to our country throughout her life. She was a notable advocate for women, children, and health, and our country is better due to her life’s work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM ‘‘MIKE’’ M
CMICHAEL 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate William ‘‘Mike’’ McMichael, a dedicated public servant, upstanding Delawarean, and recipient of the National Association of Emergency Medical Technicians’ (NAEMT) 2018 Emergency Med-ical Services Advocate of the Year Award. For more than 30 years, Mike’s experience as a skilled ER Patient Care Technician for the Delaware City Fire Company has saved countless lives and provided comfort to those experiencing unimaginable tragedy and trau-ma. He is a man who genuinely cares about his community and the well-being of those who live in it. Through Mike’s three decades of hard work, he has day-in and day-out made a difference for Delaware City and touched the lives of countless First Staters in need. As the Delaware State Advisor for NAEMT and member of the Delaware State Emer-gency Medical Services Association, he has been a powerful voice on behalf of the broad-er EMS (emergency medical services) com-munity in our state. His leadership and com-mitment to our EMTs is evident through his tireless advocacy work at the local, state and federal levels of government. Mike’s passion and selflessness is a testament to his service and character. Mike is an extraordinary ambassador for the EMS community and a dedicated civic leader. The First State is lucky to have Fire and EMS professionals like him who put their lives on the line every day. I want to extend my heart-felt gratitude and sincerest congratulations to Mike for receiving the 2018 EMS Advocate of the Year Award and for his years of service to the people of Delaware. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VICKY MARACHELIAN—28TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Vicky Marachelian of Burbank, California. Born in Beirut, Lebanon, Ms. Marachelian’s dedication to community service and passion to volunteer for humanitarian efforts stems from her childhood. When she moved to the United States with her family at a very young age during the civil war in Lebanon, Vicky re-alized that she had the opportunity for a better life, and to this day, she strives to give back to the community and support the less fortu-nate. Since 1995, Vicky has been an active mem-ber of the Armenian Relief Society (ARS), a remarkable organization with thousands of members in dozens of chapters around the world, serving the educational, social, and hu-manitarian needs of Armenians and non-Ar-menians alike. Over the years, Vicky has served in many capacities with the organiza-tion. She was elected to the ARS Burbank ‘‘Araz’’ Chapter as an executive member for 4 consecutive terms, served on the Regional Ex-ecutive Board of the Armenian Relief Society of Western USA from 2003–2005, and was re-elected in 2008 to serve as Chairperson of the Regional Executive Board. Impressively, only four months later, Vicky was elected as Chair-person of the Armenian Relief Society, Inc. Central Executive Board, the highest inter-national executive position of the global orga-nization, where she served for two terms. Dur-ing her leadership as Chairperson, a number of projects were undertaken, including the construction of a new building for the ARS ‘‘Soseh’’ Kindergarten in Stepanakert, Artsakh, which was completed in September 2017. In addition to her tireless advocacy with the Armenian Relief Society, Ms. Marachelian was active at Rose and Alex Pilibos Armenian School in Los Angeles, where her children at-tended, helping to raise funds for the construc-tion of a new gym and library on the campus. Currently, Ms. Marachelian continues her service to the community through the ARS Burbank ‘‘Araz’’ Chapter, where she presently serves as an executive member, and is instru-mental in fund-raising for the chapter and doing outreach to Armenian and non-Arme-nian organizations. Ms. Marachelian’s impressive work has not gone unnoticed as she has been recognized with numerous awards, including the Armenian American Chamber of Commerce ‘‘Woman in Service’’ award in 2011 and the ‘‘Vachagan Barepasht’’ medal in 2015, awarded to her by Bako Sahakyan, President of the Artsakh Re-public, for her service in the Artsakh Republic. Vicky has been married to Art Marachelian for 36 years, and they have two children, Chris and Raffi. I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, well-respected woman of Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, Vicky Marachelian. f 
INTRODUCTION OF LEGISLATION TO DESIGNATE THE FACILITY OF THE UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE LOCATED AT 4801 WEST VAN GIESEN STREET IN WEST RICHLAND, WASHINGTON, AS THE ‘‘SERGEANT DIETRICH SCHMIEMAN POST OFFICE BUILDING’’ 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce legislation to honor the memory of Marine Sergeant Dietrich Schmieman of Rich-land, Washington. Dietrich grew up in Central Washington and had a strong love for the Pacific Northwest. He had a positive influence on everyone he came into contact with and a life full of poten-tial. After high school, he enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps with the goal of becoming part of its Special Operations Command. He bond-ed with his brothers-in-arms, but he remained close with his friends and family in Wash-ington state as he traveled around the world, honorably serving his country. Sergeant Schmieman achieved his goal and was serving in the 2nd Raider Battalion at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina, when he was tragically killed in a military cargo plane crash in July of 2017. He and the 15 other service members that passed away will never be for-gotten for their sacrifice. Dietrich is remembered for his kindness, sense of adventure, and strong friendships. In honor of his service, I am introducing leg-islation—with the support of the entire Wash-ington delegation in the House of Representa-tives—to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located on West Van Giesen Street in West Richland, Washington, as the ‘‘Sergeant Dietrich Schmiean Post Of-fice.’’ I hope my colleagues will join me in sup-porting this legislation to honor the memory of Sergeant Schmieman who gave his life for our nation. f 
CONGRATULATING BEAUDY MAREA GOGUE CAMACHO ON RE-CEIVING THE U.S. SMALL BUSI-NESS ADMINISTRATION’S 2018 HOME-BASED BUSINESS CHAM-PION OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Beaudy Marea Gogue Camacho on her selection as the U.S. Small Business Administration’s 2018 Home- Based Business Champion for Guam. This award honors individuals who have experi-enced the rewards and difficulties and owning a home-based business and have worked vol-untarily to improve the climate for other home- based businesses. Beaudy Camacho is the owner and operator of Fundforte, a professional product and serv-ice provider on Guam specializing in fund-raisers, special events and party planning. For over a decade, Fundforte has provided local families and businesses with the full spectrum of event planning coordination from concept development to execution. She and her team provide high quality, customized, and on-budg-et products and services to clients, and her business has expanded to include an effective children’s entertainment division. She also de-velops digital and online content, creating an entrepreneurial children’s book series and contributing self-help columns in widely cir-culated newspapers on Guam. In addition to being a successful home- based business owner, Beaudy is also an ac-tive member of Guam’s community, contrib-uting her time and expertise to supporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.004 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE458 April 13, 2018 
local charities and philanthropic endeavors. She has help organize numerous community events that promote Guam’s native Chamorro culture as well as women empowerment and business ownership. I join the people of Guam in congratulating Beaudy Marea Gogue Camacho on receiving the U.S. Small Business Administration’s 2018 Home-Based Business Champion of the Year Award for Guam. I commend her for her many contributions to our island and look forward to her continued success in the future. 
f 
REMEMBERING DR. TALBERT O. SHAW 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of the former president of Shaw University, Dr. Talbert O. Shaw, who passed away in January and will be honored at a memorial service in Raleigh on April 14. Lisa and I extend our condolences to Dr. Shaw’s family, friends, and many admirers in the Shaw University commu-nity and beyond. Born in Jamaica as the ninth of ten children, Dr. Shaw began his career as an ordained minister before moving to the United States in the 1950s to pursue higher education. He earned a doctorate in ethics from the Univer-sity of Chicago and taught religion and ethics there for a decade before being asked to serve as Interim Dean of the Howard Univer-sity Divinity School. He next became Dean of Arts and Sciences at Morgan State University. In 1987 he was called to serve as President of Shaw University in Raleigh, North Caro-lina—the oldest historically black university in the south and the birthplace of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee during the Civil Rights Movement. Dr. Shaw served as President for fifteen crucial years in the school’s history, from 1987 to 2002. He led successful efforts to reverse the university’s financial difficulties, signifi-cantly increased the endowment, doubled en-rollment, renovated numerous buildings on campus, and constructed what is now called the Talbert O. Shaw Living Learning Center. Dr. Shaw also developed the ‘‘Strides for Ex-cellence: Why Not the Best?’’ campaign, a student empowerment and community involve-ment initiative that helped propel Shaw to the national renown it enjoys today. I was first elected to Congress at about the same time Dr. Shaw began his tenure at Shaw. Early on, at a time when appropriations earmarks could still be secured for worthy pur-poses, we collaborated in the restoration of historic Estey Hall, the first structure built for the higher education of African American women in the United States. I developed great respect for him. He took the helm at Shaw when the school’s future was highly uncertain, and by virtue of his remarkable vision, dedica-tion, and the credibility he earned, enlisted many partners in bringing the school to health and charting a positive future course. Dr. Shaw’s dedication and leadership also extended to the broader Raleigh community. He engaged with local organizations such as Rotary International and the Chamber of Com-merce. He renovated Shaw’s chapel with the help of local Baptist churches and strength-ened ties with the General Baptist State Con-vention. He had a serious demeanor, which reflected his steady sense of purpose, but that was combined with a personal warmth and a gift for collaboration and colleagueship—all in all, rare qualities of leadership. On behalf of my constituents and other North Carolinians, I join with Dr. Shaw’s fam-ily, his many friends and admirers, and mem-bers of the communities he served in mourn-ing his passing and giving thanks for his ex-emplary life of leadership and public service. f 
TRIBUTE TO NINA SORKIN—28TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT WOMAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Women’s History Month. Each year, we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our nation’s women. It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District. I would like to recog-nize a remarkable woman, Nina Sorkin of Sil-ver Lake, a unique neighborhood of Los Ange-les, California. Nina’s parents immigrated from Mexico, so Nina is a proud first generation Californian. She was raised in the San Fernando Valley, until she moved to the Los Angeles neighbor-hood of Silver Lake with her beloved husband Al Sorkin 51 years ago. A diehard Bruin, Ms. Sorkin received both her bachelor’s degree in Sociology and her master’s degree in Social Welfare from the University of California Los Angeles. With over 40 years of service in both the public and non-profit sectors, Nina has an impressive record of giving back to the com-munity, supporting a diverse range of causes that demonstrate her passion for helping women, children, and the homeless. A steadfast women’s advocate, Ms. Sorkin was appointed to the Los Angeles City Com-mission for the Status of Women by then- Mayor Bradley, where she served for a dec-ade and was instrumental in developing a city campaign to bring awareness about women and AIDS. As a breast cancer survivor, Nina has been involved with the American Cancer Society Relay for Life for the past 15 years, chaired the Relay For Life of Pasadena, and has been volunteering for the Relay for Life of Griffith Park Communities and Hollywood since its inception over a decade ago; cur-rently she serves as the Luminaria Chair. During her seventeen-year tenure on the Los Angeles County Commission for Children and Families, Ms. Sorkin established a Healthy Nutrition program for children in foster care and was a member of the Child Court Committee to improve child visitation. Rein-forcing her commitment to enriching the lives of children, she has been reading to three and four year olds at the Bellevue Recreation Cen-ter for the last five years, serves on the Belle-vue Park Advisory Board, and championed the importance of language development in small children by her involvement with the Children Planning Council and First 5 LA. Ms. Sorkin is a member of the Griffith Park Lions Club, which administers eye examina-tions and provides free eye glasses to Ribet Academy students and four elementary schools in the Atwater Village area. In addi-tion, Nina volunteers with the Hollywood SDA Church Homeless Program, is a member of the Griffith Park Adult Community Center Spring Faire planning committee, and is a facilitator for a grief support group. Married to the late Al Sorkin for 47 years, she has one son, Stephen and four grand-children. I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, well-respected woman of Califor-nia’s 28th Congressional District, Nina Sorkin. f 
RECOGNIZING EL PASO COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT WEEK 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor El Paso Community Development Week, held by the Community and Human Development Department (DCHD) of El Paso from April 2 to April 6, 2018. El Paso has cele-brated Community Development Week for 42 years to commemorate the success of the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and the HOME programs in creating safe, af-fordable housing opportunities for the El Paso community. Since 1975, these programs have brought nearly $500 million in grant money and private and public funds to the city of El Paso, which provide essential public services, economic opportunities, street and drainage improvements, public facility and infrastructure improvements and other quality of life im-provements to low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. These successes are thanks to public and private partners, community vol-unteers and neighborhood associations who work to support continued funding for the pro-grams. Even after Community Development Week comes to a close, the work of El Paso DCHD will continue to ensure the city of El Paso can respond to current and emerging community development needs, including job creation, de-velopment of affordable housing, improvement of existing housing stock, the delivery of vital services, and the development of important in-frastructure improvements. Please join me in recognizing the employ-ees and volunteers that make El Paso Com-munity Development Week a success. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF HUY TUONG TRAN 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Huy Tuong Tran, a dedicated Vietnamese activist, teacher, and community leader. Mr. Huy Tuong Tran was born in 1969 in Buon Me Thuot, Vietnam. At the age of 12, as a result of the Fall of Saigon, Mr. Tran es-caped by boat from Vietnam with his father. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.007 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE459 April 13, 2018 
His refugee experience sparked his passion in political, social, and educational advocacy for Vietnamese Americans and social justice community issues. Specifically, he participated in Project Ngoc, a student-led humanitarian or-ganization that worked to support Vietnamese refugees detained in camps in Southeast Asia, and co-founded the Vietnamese American Co-alition (VAC) at the University of California, Irvine where he went to college. Mr. Tran graduated with a B.A degree in Political Science, and later with a M.S. degree in Educational Technology. He became a teacher at Orangeview Junior High School in 1995, where he taught U.S. History, World History, and Math for 23 years. During his ten-ure, he also served as an Associated Student Body (ASB) Advisor, yearbook advisor, a Cali-fornia Beginning Teacher Support & Assess-ment (BTSA) Provider, a tennis and basketball coach, and a Multi-Tiered System of Supports (MTSS) Coordinator. His dedication to stu-dents, his colleagues, and his profession earned him many recognitions, including Teacher of the Year in 2012–2013 for Orangeview Junior High School and Teacher of the Year for the Anaheim Union High School District in January 2018. In addition to his teaching career, Mr. Tran was a charismatic community activist and compassionate leader. He hosted the TaChat show on Saigon TV, emceed for Viet Film Fest and the Children’s Moon Festival Draw-ing Contest with the Vietnamese American Arts and Letters Association (VAALA), and volunteered with numerous community organi-zations. Most importantly, Mr. Tran was a lov-ing and kind husband, father, son, brother, and an inspirational leader who contributed to his community in countless ways. His signifi-cant impact and legacy will be remembered and continued for many generations. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and missed a vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 134. 
f 
HONORING MATTHEW OTT OF PENNSYLVANIA FOR MORE THAN 10 YEARS OF VOLUNTEER SERV-ICE TO OUR VETERANS 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I extend my sincere thanks and congratulations to my con-stituent, Matthew Ott, for his efforts over the last 10 years to raise donations and aware-ness for Veterans in need. Matthew was just 11 months old when his mother, Patricia, a Veteran, died from an ill-ness. At age nine, Matthew started a lem-onade stand business in her honor and do-nated the proceeds directly to local Veteran organizations. On April 21, 2018, Matthew will conduct his 10th and final Veterans charity event. Assisted by his father, John, and many local sup-porters, Matthew has raised more than $32,000 for Veterans in our community. He’s earned countless awards and commendations for his service, including the Rotary Club of York’s Charles Wolf Award. I’ve long appreciated the commitment of people who devote themselves selflessly to serving our communities and fellow citizens. Matthew took a tragic event and turned it into an opportunity to touch the lives of countless Veterans and their families. His legacy of serv-ice to our Veterans and community truly is an inspiration. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend, thank and con-gratulate Matthew Ott on his volunteer service and wish him continued great success in his future adventures. f 
RECOGNIZING AND JOINING AU-TISM COMMUNITY TOGETHER (ACT) FOR THE 11TH ANNUAL AUTISM AWARENESS FAIR 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Guam’s Autism Community To-gether (ACT) as they celebrate the 11th an-nual Autism Awareness Fair, appropriately themed ‘‘Learn, Accept, Support Autism.’’ As we celebrate Autism Awareness Month, ACT and organizations across the country work to provide every individual with Autism Spectrum Disorder with the opportunity to achieve the highest possible quality of life. This year ACT and their partners want to go beyond simply promoting autism awareness to encouraging friends and collaborators to become partners in movement toward acceptance and appre-ciation. There is still so much to be done to raise awareness of the issues surrounding people, particularly children with autism worldwide. Au-tism Community Together is one of Guam’s local organizations leading the efforts to in-crease autism awareness across our commu-nity. Autism Community Together is an organi-zation based in Guam as a support group for families with autistic children. Though we have made great progress as a nation to improve services and opportunities with peoples with disabilities, there are still improvement that can be made. ACT is dedicated to helping in-dividuals and parents find resources, support, and training while making diligent strides to in-crease the awareness of autism spectrum dis-orders and advocating for effective services and the unique needs of individuals with au-tism and their families. I commend Autism Community Together as it hosts the 11th Annual Autism Awareness Fair World Autism Day. The Autism Aware-ness Fair is the largest outreach event hosted by ACT throughout the year and brings to-gether government agencies, non-profits orga-nizations, service providers, support vendors with the intent to provide information and re-sources on the various disability related pro-grams and services available on Guam. On behalf of the people of Guam, I thank the Autism Community Together organization and all government agencies and community partners for their assistance to spread autism awareness and acceptance. I look forward to future contributions by Guam’s Autism Com-munity Together in opening more opportunities to those in our community living with autism. f 
CELEBRATING MR. EDWIN MILLARD FORD’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-tend the happiest of birthday wishes to Mr. Edwin Millard Ford of Kingston, New York who is celebrating his 100th birthday. Mr. Ford has lived a life characterized by hard work and an unyielding selflessness, making him a pillar of his community. Mr. Ford has served as the Kingston City Historian since 1984, actively conserving, in-terpreting, and presenting the city’s history in unique and engaging ways. He has unearthed the wonders and stories of Kingston’s past and preserved them for future generations. Mr. Ford is a man of family, community, and faith. His legacy of dedicated service and participa-tion is a source of inspiration, and has made him a cornerstone of the Kingston community. Mr. Ford’s zeal for life has made him a great role model for the people of the 19th Congressional District. On behalf of the U.S. House of Representatives, I am grateful for his commitment to Kingston and the state of New York. Mr. Speaker, I wish Mr. Ford a very happy and healthy 100th birthday. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF CHANCELLOR DANIEL LITTLE’S DISTIN-GUISHED 18 YEAR TENURE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate University of Michigan-Dearborn Chancellor Daniel Little for his 18 years of dis-tinguished service as he retires. He has pro-vided the university with exemplary leadership throughout his tenure. Mr. Daniel Little received his Bachelor of Science in mathematics from the University of Illinois in 1971 and went on to receive his PhD in philosophy from Harvard University in 1977. He has a long-held interest in social sciences and focused his studies on economic justice and social interactions. Before coming to the University of Michigan-Dearborn, Chancellor Little served in various positions at universities across the country. He served as a professor at Colgate, Bucknell, Wellesley College and the University of Wisconsin-Parkside. After-wards, he served in leadership positions in-cluding Associate Dean of the Faculty at Colgate University and most recently as Vice President for Academic Affairs at Bucknell University before making the move to Michi-gan. Chancellor Little entered his position at UM- Dearborn in July 2000 with the passion to ex-pand enrollment and cultivate a close campus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.009 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE460 April 13, 2018 
culture. With his background in philosophy, Chancellor Little has had creative ideas that have led to the University’s continued success and growth. Minority enrollment has increased to 26 percent, and the campus has open con-versations with students, faculty, and visiting guests on how to create an inclusive campus environment. The campus has received awards for Little’s work in building an inclusive and diverse student body, including honors from The Urban League of Detroit & South-east Michigan, New Detroit, and the Western Wayne County NAACP. Looking ahead to the future, Chancellor Little hopes the University will continue in his legacy of building partner-ships with community organizations, expand-ing the University’s dorm capabilities and reaching students from all backgrounds. We are grateful for his 18 years of service and look forward to seeing his positive impact on our Southeast Michigan community in his next role. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Chancellor Daniel Little for his re-markable tenure at the University of Michi-gan—Dearborn. His passion and outstanding leadership have bettered the University for years to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WARREN CENTRAL STUDENT ATHLETES 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Warren Central High School on its numerous athletic achievements over the 2017–2018 school year. The Warriors men and women’s basketball teams were crowned the IHSAA 4A State Champions, the Winter Guard won the Tri State Championship, and the Special Olympics team is set to compete in the upcoming Special Olympic state finals. Warrior Nation is taking over the City of Indi-anapolis. The undefeated men’s basketball team se-cured a record of 32–0 for the season and the first Indiana high school boys basketball team to go undefeated since 2009. The women’s basketball team never expected to be in the state championship, but fought their way to the title game and won a resounding victory over Zionsville 50–46. The Winter Guard was the first U.S. high school team to compete in an international competition at the Winter Guard International Regional Championship. This amazing group of student athletes have secured their place in the storied history of In-diana athletics and should be proud of every-thing they have accomplished. I extend my congratulations to the athletes, coaching staff, faculty and the entire school as our city cele-brates this season’s achievements. CELEBRATING THE TOWN OF WIL-TON’S BICENTENNIAL ANNIVER-SARY HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Town of Wilton as it celebrates its 200th Anniversary. The Town of Wilton was formally created in 1818 from the Town of Northumberland, and held its first town meeting in March of 1819 at the former Emerson’s Tavern. Since then, the people of Wilton have worked hard to create a tight-knit community loved by all who live there. Wilton has an exciting history and sev-eral significant landmarks, including Grant Cot-tage on top of Mount McGregor, where Ulys-ses S. Grant died, and Camp Saratoga, cur-rently part of Wilton Wildlife Preserve & Park. For the past 200 years, the residents of Wil-ton have enjoyed life in this beautiful area of the North Country. Though there have been many changes over the years, the residents of Wilton still cherish the historical significance of the town, while also encouraging modern growth in the 21st century. Congratulations to Wilton, New York, for its 200th Anniversary. I would like to wish its resi-dents all the best as they celebrate this mo-mentous occasion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. KRISTINE LUJAN ON RECEIVING THE 2018 SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRA-TION’S WOMEN IN BUSINESS CHAMPION OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Ms. Kristine Lujan on receiving the 2018 Small Business Administration’s Women in Business Cham-pion of the Year Award for Guam. Kristine is being honored for her work as an advocate for women entrepreneurs and for having fulfilled a commitment to the advancement of women’s business ownership. Kristine is a self-made and self-taught business leader who is a com-pelling presence in the local community. Kristine is the Vice President of Marketing and Public Relations at Triple J Enterprises, which holds many familiar brands such as Su-zuki, Ford, Mazda, Kia, Honda and Acura. Tri-ple J Enterprises has grown significantly in its scope and geographic coverage, and has also acquired franchise rights for Hertz Rent A Car in Micronesia and several popular restaurants. Triple J Enterprises has acknowledged Kris-tine for her positive attitude and contributions that have been invaluable to their organiza-tion. The leadership of Triple J Enterprises has recognized Kristine for her innovative thinking and vision will continue to enhance the strategic direction and probability of Triple J Enterprises’ group of companies. Kristine has been a champion for women in small business and has served as a founding member and the chairwoman of the Guam Chamber of Commerce Business Women’s Network. She has been an integral part of or-ganizing and sponsoring networking events and annual job fairs. She has helped initiate many other programs to benefit women in business and our youth through the teaching of life skills and improving job opportunities. The group has been able to identify, nurture and encourage growth among women-owned businesses. Kristine has demonstrated effectiveness in improving the environment for the creation and expansion of businesses owned and operated by women through her involvement in Junior Achievement Guam. Kristine works with pre-paring young people to succeed and provides real world business practices to bridge theory with challenges of real time operations. She has assisted with the organization of Profes-sional Development Symposium to showcase learning skills for young women and men while framing their experience with profes-sional development networking. Additionally, Kristine is actively involved in many non-profit and charitable organizations, including the Guam Red Cross, the Guam Me-morial Hospital Volunteers Association, the Guam Peace Council, Youth for Youth Live Guam, Guam Young Professionals, Asia Pa-cific Association for Fiduciary Studies, Boy Scouts of America, UOG Endowment Founda-tion, American Cancer Society, Duk Duk Goose, Inc., Inetnon Gef Pago Cultural Arts Program and the Filipino Community of Guam. Kristine’s assistance and involvement in these organizations provides mentorship to women and the opportunity for them to lead. I congratulate Ms. Kristine Lujan on receiv-ing the 2018 Small Business Administration’s Women in Business Champion of the Year Award for Guam. I join the people of Guam in commending her for her award and thanking her for her many contributions to our island community. f 
HONORING THE ROTARY CLUB OF WALNUT, ILLINOIS 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Rotary Club of Walnut, Illinois for their collective commitment to service, both at home and abroad, and for their dedication to serving our community for 70 years. Originally chartered on May 24, 1948, the Rotary Club of Walnut has been an integral part of Rotary International’s influence in northern Illinois. This dynamic group provides people from different backgrounds, ethnicities, and cultures with the platform to exchange ideas and form lifelong friendships, all while giving back to the community. By forming partnerships with local law en-forcement and civic groups, the Rotary Club of Walnut has promoted family-friendly events and thoughtful discussions to ensure our com-munities are clean, safe, and thriving. This is done through their Five Avenues of Service, which include club, vocational, community, international, and youth services. These ave-nues enable the Rotary Club to facilitate a more sustainable living environment for the people in our communities and have had a lasting impact in our neighborhoods. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.013 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE461 April 13, 2018 
We are fortunate to have the dedicated members of the Walnut Rotary Club serving the communities in the 16th Congressional District of Illinois. The passion, integrity, and collective life experiences of the Club mem-bers are a real benefit to all of us. They con-tinue to deliver real and lasting impacts in our area through various programs and initiatives, and their charitable work stretches across the community, throughout the state of Illinois, and all over the world. I’m proud to recognize the Rotary Club of Walnut today, and to thank them for their ex-emplary work in helping others. This group is the true embodiment of the Rotary’s motto ‘‘Service Above Self’’ and I look forward to many more years of their servant leadership in our area. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on April 11, I missed Roll Call votes No. 132, 133, 134, 135, 136, and 137. Had I been present, I would have voted AYE on Roll Call 132 and Roll Call 136. I would have voted NAY on Roll Call 133, Roll Call 134, Roll Call 135, and Roll Call 137. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAJOR JOSEPHINE M.P. BLAS ON RECEIVING THE 2018 SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS-TRATION’S VETERAN SMALL BUSINESS CHAMPION OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Major Jose-phine M.P. Blas on receiving the 2018 Small Business Administration’s Veteran Small Busi-ness Champion of the Year Award for Guam. Josephine is being honor for fulfilling a com-mitment to advancing small business opportu-nities for Veterans of the U.S. Armed Forces. She is currently the State Public Affairs Offi-cer, Joint Forces Headquarters for the Guam National Guard. Josephine is being recognized for being a consistent voice for the Guam Na-tional Guard and Reserve community since 2000 with her assignment as a Public Affairs Technician. Josephine has nurtured and strengthens the relationship between local employers and Guard and Reserve members, building com-mitment to foster positive relationships to allow service members to serve undeterred or un-worried about work status in Guam. The rela-tionship building has allowed Guard and Re-serve members to be exposed to business op-portunities and initiatives. She continues to amplify the stories of the Guam Guard and Reserve talent, boosting their ability as busi-ness starters and owners. Josephine is responsible for publicizing the work of the Guam National Guard through var-ious social media platforms and generating candid and timely communication counsel and guidance to Guam Guard leadership while en-suring safeguards from foreign threats. She is also tasked with promoting public knowledge, understanding and support of the Guard’s mis-sions, organizations and capabilities; and de-velop and maintain strong working relation-ships with the media and civilian organiza-tions. Josephine also provides staff assist-ance, guidance, outreach, and training and mediation concerning employer relations for the National Guard and Reserve Component members, retirees and their employees as it relates to duty. Josephine is an effective ambassador of goodwill and support, symbolizing the best characteristics of our military forces, both local and global. Josephine has served the leader-ship of the Guard and Reserve, accompanying and supporting them on critical visits to units away from home and providing unique per-spectives for their families. She serves as an invaluable bridge to both families and employ-ers. Josephine is also a Life Member of the Military Officers Association of America, the National Guard Association of the United States, served as the vice president for Air National Guard Association of Guam and cur-rently serves as the Vice Commander of the Women Veterans of America, Guam Chapter. Additionally, Josephine is the mother of an au-tistic son and serves as the president of Au-tism Community Together, a nonprofit group raising community awareness to and providing support for families with autistic children and adults. I congratulate Major Josephine M.P. Blas on receiving the 2018 Small Business Administra-tion’s Veteran Small Business Champion of the Year Award for Guam. I join the people of Guam in commending her for her award and thanking her for her many contributions to our island community. f 
RECOGNIZING JACQUELINE R. ERWIN OF DELWARE COUNTY, PA 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Jacqueline R. Erwin, a Classification Spe-cialist for the United States Postal Service, an ordained minister, and a life coach from Dela-ware County, Pennsylvania. On April 13th, she will be presented with the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Heritage Award for outstanding work in her community and career by the Philadel-phia/South Jersey Chapter of the African American Postal League United for Success (A-PLUS). Jackie began her career as a postal worker in 1986 and worked her way up to her current appointment as a Classification Specialist. Her dedication to her job has gone beyond her in-dividual duties. She is the National Vice-Chair-person of NETWORK, a nonprofit organization within the Postal Service dedicated to African- American women who serve at the USPS. In addition to her leadership in her professional life, she is an author, minister, mother, grand-mother, and wife. I join A-PLUS in commending Jackie for her extraordinary work advocating for African- American female postal workers, her commit-ment to her family, and for making her com-munity a better place. I wish her success as she continues to enthusiastically serve and advocate for those around her. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF NATIONAL ARAB AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April as National Arab American Heritage Month. Arab Americans throughout southeast Michigan and the entire country em-body the best of America through their work ethic and contributions to our communities. It is always an honor to recognize April as National Arab American Heritage Month and celebrate the community’s diversity of creed, values and faith that strengthen America’s de-mocracy. With almost four million Arab Ameri-cans living in the United States, it is important that we take the time to honor the momentous contributions made by these individuals. Arab Americans have greatly impacted the Amer-ican way of life across a variety of fields, in-cluding education, business and government. Those of us in southeast Michigan know that whether they are a business owner, lawyer or factory worker, these individuals make our community a better place to live and raise a family. Michigan’s 12th District contains Dearborn, Michigan, which is home to the largest popu-lation of Arab Americans in the country, and it is a distinct privilege to represent this commu-nity in Congress. Dearborn is a vibrant city that is home to people from all walks of life and backgrounds who have a common desire to foster a community in which families can thrive. Arab American community members are attributed to meaningful and lasting posi-tive change in southeast Michigan. Notable contributions include the creation of the Center for Arab American studies at the University of Michigan-Dearborn, which teaches the history and experiences of Arab Americans in a fast- growing facility and the opening of the Arab American National Museum, which is the world’s first museum devoted to Arab history and culture. These hardworking individuals make our communities strong and exemplify the values that make America great. During Arab American Heritage Month, it is my hope that the contributions of Arab Americans throughout our country’s history will be recog-nized and celebrated. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing April as National Arab American History Month. Their meaningful contributions to the United States are deserving of acclaim. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE CITY OF OGDENSBURG ON ITS 150TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the 150th anniversary of the City of Ogdensburg. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.017 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE462 April 13, 2018 
Ogdensburgh, originally spelled with an ‘‘h,’’ was created in 1749 as a small village on the southern bank of the St. Lawrence River. After the British withdrew in 1796, settlers arrived under the American flag and named the town after Samuel Ogden, a patriot during the American Revolution. The settlement became a village in 1817, but it wasn’t until 1868 that it dropped the ‘‘h’’ from its name and became a city. Over the past 150 years, the people of Ogdensburg have dedicated themselves to making Ogdensburg a welcoming and pros-perous community. Ogdensburg has grown significantly over the years, becoming an important link between the United States and Canada. In 1940, U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Canadian Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King signed the Ogdensburg Agreement, which cre-ated the Permanent Joint Board of Defense. This agreement began a period of closer rela-tions between Canada and the United States. More recently, the city became the site of the Ogdensburg-Prescott International Bridge, which spans the St. Lawrence River and al-lows easy travel between countries. As the only city in St. Lawrence County and the only U.S. port on the St. Lawrence Seaway, Ogdensburg remains vital to New York State. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate the city of Ogdensburg on its 150th anniversary. I wish all its residents the best as they celebrate this important mile-stone. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ALPENA WAR-RIORS GIRLS U19 HOCKEY TEAM FOR THEIR RUNNER UP FINISH AT THE MAHA STATE CHAM-PIONSHIPS 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Alpena Warriors Girls U19 Hockey Team for their tremendous 2018 sea-son and Runner Up finish at the MAHA State Championships. Through their perseverance and determination, the Warriors have distin-guished themselves as athletes and represent-atives of their community and the First District. In 2018, the Warriors U19 Girls hockey team earned 24 wins and 3 ties after coming off of a 30-loss season. During their phe-nomenal year, the Warriors out-scored their opponents 126 goals for to 61 against, and held opposing teams to just 1.63 goals per game. They went on to compete in the 2018 MAHA U19 Girls State Hockey Championships where they represented Alpena and Northern Michigan with pride and dignity both on and off the rink. There, they tied and later beat the undefeated tournament favorite to earn a spot in the championship game. After playing with passion, conviction, and sportsmanship, the Warriors earned the first State Runner Up honors in Alpena Girl’s Hockey history—be-coming one of only ten Alpena teams to earn a Runner Up or State Championship banner in Alpena Hockey history. Captain Courtney Nunneley, Alternate Cap-tains Emily Vivian, Hunter Lundquist, Taylor Tolsdorf, Lexie Gries, Emma Fraiser, and Erin Bailey, and Teammates Rheanna Chimmner, Gabbie Smith, Tatum Moran, Kelly Watson, Lizzy Heath, Kennedy Ellis, and Maddie Ellis should be proud of their performance this past season. Their work on the ice was only ex-ceeded by the quality in which they rep-resented the City and County of Alpena, Michigan. Their success was aided by Coach-es Mike Nunneley, Jimmy Vivian, Shannon McGratten, Team Moms Marcy Nunneley, Tracy Vivian, and the rest of the Alpena par-ents who offered the team their time and tal-ents. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate the Alpena Warriors Girls Hockey Team for their successful season and exceptional per-formance at the MAHA State Championship. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such talented and dedicated individuals. On behalf of my con-stituents, I wish the Warriors all the best in their future endeavors. f 
HONORING MASTER SERGEANT JONATHAN DUNBAR 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize an American hero, U.S. Army Mas-ter Sergeant Jonathan Dunbar, son of Bad River resident, Linda Dunbar. Master Sergeant Dunbar recently died from wounds sustained in an explosion while serving our nation in Syria. Master Sergeant Dunbar was an exem-plary soldier; of whom we are all proud. He re-ceived several commendations for his valor, including: three awards of the Bronze Star, four awards of the Army Commendation Medal, six awards of the Army Achievement Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal with two Bronze Service Stars, the Iraq Campaign Medal with two Bronze Service Stars, the Ranger Tab, the Combat Infantryman Badge, the Expert Infantryman Badge, the Pathfinder Badge, the Military Freefall Jumpmaster Badge, and the Parachutist Badge. Master Sergeant Dunbar is survived by many who love him, including a wife, a son, two daughters, and another daughter who will be born in May. Our nation’s flag will be pre-sented to his loved ones as a symbol of his sacrifice for our freedom. We pray that in knowing of Master Sergeant Dunbar’s her-oism, his family and friends may find comfort and peace. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOCELYN B. MIYASHITA ON RECEIVING THE U.S. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS-TRATION’S 2018 FINANCIAL SERV-ICES CHAMPION OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Jocelyn B. Miyashita on her selection as the U.S. Small Business Administration’s 2018 Financial Services Champion for Guam. This award honors individuals who assist through advo-cacy efforts to increase the usefulness and availability of accounting or financial services for small businesses. Joyce Miyashita is the senior vice president/ chief credit officer for the Bank of Guam, the largest financial institution in Guam and the Micronesian region. For nearly 40 years, she has worked diligently to support lines of credit and investments for small businesses and en-trepreneurs in Guam, the Northern Mariana Is-lands, Federated States of Micronesia, the Re-public of Palau, and the Republic of the Mar-shall Islands, providing them with much need-ed capital to start and improve their enter-prises. Additionally she has supported and trained hundreds of lending officers who have gone on to assist countless businesses and individuals throughout our region. Joyce is also an active member of Guam’s community, supporting networking and busi-ness development events outside of her duties at the Bank of Guam. She has volunteered her time and expertise to counseling business owners on ways to efficiently manage re-sources, and she is often relied on to provide expert recommendations to Government of Guam executive agencies and the Guam Leg-islature. She is a recognized leader in Guam’s banking and lending industry. I join the people of Guam in congratulating Jocelyn B. Miyashita on receiving the U.S. Small Business Administration’s 2018 Finan-cial Services Champion of the Year Award for Guam. I commend her for her many contribu-tions to our island and look forward to her continued success in the future. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ADOLFO ‘‘HARPO’’ CELAYA 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Adolfo ‘‘Harpo’’ Celaya, who passed away on April 12th, at the age of 90. Harpo Celaya enlisted in the Navy at the age of 16 to serve his country in World War II. He was only 17 when the ship he was stationed aboard, the USS Indianapolis, was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine. The ship sank in 12 minutes plunging Celaya and hundreds of his fellow sailors into the sea where they clung to sparse life vests or rafts, battling dehydra-tion, exposure, and shark infested waters for more than four days awaiting rescue. Of the nearly 1,200 sailors that had been stationed aboard the USS Indianapolis, only 317 sur-vived and were pulled from the sea. Mr. Celaya was awarded the Purple Heart and upon recovery returned to Arizona and continued a lifetime of service in his commu-nity. He is well known throughout Arizona for sharing his experiences with high school stu-dents as part of the Veterans Heritage Project in an effort to keep history alive. In 2016, I was pleased that President Obama signed into law my bill, H.R. 6304, which renamed that post office at 501 North Main Street in Florence, Arizona in Mr. Celaya’s honor. Adolfo Celaya’s incredible story will now be officially and permanently commemorated in his hometown of Florence, Arizona. This legislation ensures that future 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.022 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE463 April 13, 2018 
generations will learn about the incredible sac-rifice that Mr. Celaya and the 317 survivors of the USS Indianapolis made for our country. Despite living through one of the darkest moments of WWII, Mr. Celaya has continued to inspire countless Arizonans through his eternal patriotism and commitment to serving all Americans. I would like to commend the Town of Florence for their leadership in mak-ing this tribute possible and recognize Mr. Celaya for his dedicated sacrifice to our nation and commitment to his local community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALMA WHEEL-ER SMITH’S DISTINGUISHED PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alma Wheeler Smith for a lifetime of service to southeast Michigan. Her work has bettered Michigan for years to come. A lifelong Michigan resident, Alma Wheeler Smith graduated from the University of Michi-gan with a journalism degree and the desire to make a meaningful impact on the community that she loved. She grew up in a prominent Michigan family with her father, Albert Wheel-er, serving as Ann Arbor’s first African-Amer-ican Mayor. After graduating, Mrs. Wheeler Smith worked at the University of Michigan’s Television Center for nine years before taking a position as a staffer with a State Senator in 1990. After her boss left the Legislature, Mrs. Wheeler Smith decided to run for the Michigan State Senate herself. She started what would be a successful political career, serving as both the 18th District’s State Senator and the 54th District’s State Representative until she termed out of both offices. Although she is no longer an elected official, Mrs. Wheeler Smith remains extremely passionate for public serv-ice and a leader for positive change in the community she loves. Those who know Alma Wheeler Smith can-not recall a time where she did not help some-one in need. She leads by listening, and that is what she attributes to her success as a community leader. Mrs. Wheeler Smith re-mains involved in many activities including the Library Board of Trustees, Regional Transit Authority and the Michigan Campaign Finance Network. Women throughout the state know Mrs. Wheeler Smith as both an inspiration and a mentor. She started her political career dur-ing a time where women were not running for elected office, so she knows the importance of encouraging women to reach their full poten-tial and follow their dreams. Mrs. Wheeler Smith has effectively and passionately served our southeast Michigan community throughout her lifetime. We are thankful for her years of public service and look forward to her leader-ship yet to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Alma Wheeler Smith for a lifetime of tireless public service. It is my hope that she continues to be engaged in civic activities for years to come. RECOGNIZING THE DEEP ELLUM FOUNDATION HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the great work of the Deep Ellum Foundation. Deep Ellum is the beating heart of Dallas, and the individuals behind this non-profit organiza-tion work hard to rejuvenate a district of great historical and cultural importance. True to the name, Deep Ellum boasts a deep-rooted history of business and culture, but also of inclusion. As undertakings such as the Continental Gin Company and the Ford Factory expanded the area, what started off as a small stop on the old Dallas railroad line, blossomed into a bustling community of indus-try and growth. As the neighborhood made its ascent, it attracted people from all walks of life, etching Deep Ellum as one of Dallas’ first commercial districts to welcome African-Ameri-cans and European immigrants. Deep Ellum’s population grew together as a community be-cause of its rich diversity and unique culture, which still thrive today. The rise of music became a part of the cul-ture that defines Deep Ellum to this day. It is in Deep Ellum that the ‘‘Father of Texas Blues’’ Blind Lemon Jefferson spent time crafting the sound that would inspire genera-tions to come. Other musicians such as Rob-ert Johnson and Alex Moore are also part of the legacy that found its birth in the 1920s. This tradition is one we’re proud to continue, as Deep Ellum is still one of the biggest enter-tainment districts in the state. It features 30 live music venues, and much of the local art, inspired by this culture, is reflected in murals and public buildings that decorate the City of Dallas. The Good-Latimer tunnel once welcomed local aspiring artists, and though it gave way for the city to expand with the building of the DART system, the Deep Ellum Foundation works tirelessly to ensure that influential paint-ings are displayed and artists are still wel-comed. Every year, through the Deep Ellum Arts Festival, the foundation and the city high-light the district’s vibrant culture by hosting over 100 musical artists, 200 visual artists, and countless street performances. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the Deep Ellum Foundation for recognizing the neigh-borhood’s continuing importance. The Deep Ellum Foundation represents a community de-termined to build on its historical and cultural legacy. This organization is committed to al-lowing locals to grow together and to hosting Deep Ellum’s Bark Park, Bike Friendly Deep Ellum, and projects like Foundation 45. All of these projects emerge from a neighborhood that lives its commitment to encouraging indi-viduals to be active participants in their area and to determining, as one community, what defines Deep Ellum. RECOGNIZING MAJOR DANIEL WAYNE KRUEGER HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Major Daniel Wayne Krueger of the United States Army for his extraordinary dedi-cation to duty and service to our Nation. Major Krueger will soon transition from his current assignment as an Army Congressional Liaison in the House of Representatives to attend Army Intermediate Level Education with follow on assignment at Fort Carson. After growing up as part of an Army family, Dan attended West Point and commissioned as an Infantry Officer in 2006. He has held nu-merous leadership and staff assignments in a variety of units, highlighted by combat service in Iraq and Afghanistan with the 75th Ranger Regiment and again in Afghanistan as a com-pany commander with the 3rd Infantry Divi-sion. During his time in Washington, Dan also attended Georgetown University and worked as an operations officer under the Deputy Di-rector of Special Operations. In 2017, Major Krueger was selected to serve as a Congressional Liaison in the United States Army House Liaison Division. As the primary liaison between Members of the House of Representatives, their Staffs, Com-mittees, and the Army, he provided insight and understanding of Army policies, actions, oper-ations, and requirements. His first-hand knowl-edge of the military, its culture, and traditions has been a tremendous benefit to Congres-sional offices. This previous Christmas, I trav-eled with Dan to Afghanistan, Kuwait, and Jor-dan to visit our Service members and better understand the region. Dan’s extensive experi-ence in the region enabled a productive visit for myself and other Members of Congress. I found him to be a thoughtful, intelligent, and dedicated Soldier in the best traditions of America’s Armed Forces. Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work with Dan during his time as an Army Congres-sional Liaison Officer in the House of Rep-resentatives. On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Major Dan Krueger, his wife, Lindsay, and their young son, Luke. I wish them the very best as they continue their jour-ney in the United States Army dedicated their lives to the service of our Nation. 
f 
HONORING FIREFIGHTER EDWIN ULINE SR. FOR 70 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and honor Firefighter Edwin Uline, Sr. for seventy years of active service with the Ballston Fire Department. In 1948, at the age of eighteen, Ed joined Union Fire Company, one of two volunteer companies that make up the Ballston Spa Fire Department. He has been serving his commu-nity ever since. Ed worked his way up the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.026 E13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE464 April 13, 2018 
ranks of the Department by serving as Com-pany Foreman, Second Assistant Chief, First Assistant Chief, and finally as Fire Chief from 1965 to 1967 and again from 1980 to 1981. In addition, Ed served for fifty years as the Union Company’s chief mechanic. Ed is a dedicated public servant, who also served his country in combat during the Korean War and was a driver and mechanic for the Saratoga County Department of Public Works prior to joining the Fire Department. Over the course of his career as a volunteer firefighter, Ed responded to countless fires and emergency incidents, notably the Saratoga Springs Convention Hall fire and the Saratoga Hospital fire of 1965. Ed was instrumental in standing up the neighboring Malta Ridge Fire Company, of which he is a charter member. Having devoted three quarters of his life to fire protection, Ed serves as an exemplary member of his community. On behalf of New York’s 21st district, I would like to thank Ed for a lifetime of hard work and dedication to his community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on April 12, I missed Roll Call vote No. 138. I would have voted NO on H.J. Res. 2, the so-called Bal-anced Budget Amendment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. MELANIE MENDIOLA ON RECEIVING THE 2018 SMALL BUSINESS ADMINIS-TRATION’S MINORITY SMALL BUSINESS CHAMPION OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend and congratulate Ms. Melanie Mendiola on receiving the 2018 Small Busi-ness Administration’s Minority Small Business Champion of the Year for Guam. Melanie is being honored for fulfilling a commitment to support and assist minority entrepreneurs and small business owners. Melanie is the Executive Director of the Uni-versity of Guam Endowment Foundation and the project director of Farm to Table Guam, a non-profit organization committed to strength-ening the agricultural industry on the island of Guam through supporting farmers and agri-culture based businesses. These small busi-nesses include food manufacturers, res-taurants, and food trucks. Since its formation in 2012, Farm to Table Guam’s mission has been to grow the local agricultural community for the good of Guam’s long-term sustain-ability. The organization operates a farm and engages in technical and business planning assistance with farmers and agricultural proce-dures, assisting in the process of obtaining bank financing, pursuing federal funding, and increasing the profile of local farmers among businesses and consumers. Farm to Table, through its project bene-ficiaries have created 18 direct jobs and 50 in-direct employment opportunities with res-taurants, farms, and other business. Farm to Table has also assisted farmers in Guam and Saipan through their ‘‘Leafy Green Farming’’ project to give farmers training in areas of business development, diversification, and planning for expansion. Farm to Table has also given the commu-nity greater access to fresh farm produce through projects such as Community Sup-ported Agriculture (CSA) boxes of produce for delivery or pickup. Farm to Table also heavily focuses on improving access to fresh farm produce through person to person outreach such as ‘‘pop-up’’ shops, bringing the produce of over 35 local farmers out into the commu-nity. This has positively contributed to the local economy by putting thousands of dollars into the pockets of local farmers. Melanie’s ‘‘Tanom, Fa’tinas, Yan Sustansia’’ project has assisted island farmers through services such as creating business plans, budgeting, record keeping, and facilitating farmer certification. Additionally, under Melanie’s leadership, Farm to Table entered a partnership with the Divi-sion of Vocational Rehabilitation to provide training to individuals with disabilities and has trained multiple individuals in areas of farming, marketing produce, and building the farm from the ground up. Melanie has demonstrated that she is an ef-fective advocate for minority small business in-terests and has been recognized for these ef-forts multiple times. Melanie was the 2017 Businesswoman of the Year Nominee for Guam, the 2017 Guam Young Professional of the Year Winner, 2014 KUAM Careforce, Envi-ronment & Sustainability Category Winner, and the 2013 Financial Planning Association Diversity Scholar. Melanie also dedicates her time and service to civic organizations such as the Guam Girl Scouts, the Guam Young Pro-fessionals, and the Young Men’s League of Guam. I congratulate Ms. Melanie Mendiola on re-ceiving the 2018 Small Business Administra-tion’s Minority Small Business Champion of the Year for Guam. I join the people of Guam in commending her for her award and thank-ing her for her many contributions to our is-land community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SUSAN ENO FOR HER SERVICE AS PRESI-DENT AND CEO OF THE CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK OF CHEBOYGAN 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 13, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate Susan Eno for being named the 2018 Michigan Bankers Association Bank-er of the Year and for her retirement from Citi-zens National Bank of Cheboygan after more than forty-five years of service. Through her exceptional leadership and steadfast devotion to her community, Sue has become an indis-pensable part of Michigan’s First District. Sue got her start at Citizens National Bank of Cheboygan in 1971 as a part-time em-ployee while still in high school. Over the next four decades, she moved through several de-partments within the bank, eventually becom-ing CEO in 2008. As CEO, Sue led the cre-ation of new branches in Gaylord, Petoskey, and Rogers City. Under her leadership, CNB enhanced their customer’s experience and be-came an example for other banks around the state through improved electronic banking services and the introduction of rewards checking. Not only has she provided the support and leadership necessary to ensure Citizens Na-tional Bank is held in the highest regard by members of its community, she has also lent her considerable talents to the banking indus-try at both the state and national level. In March, Sue was recognized as the Michigan Bankers Association (MBA) Banker of the Year. This award is given annually by the MBA Board of Directors, made up of bank CEO’s from around the state, to recognize ex-traordinary contribution to the industry and a strong record of community service. This was not the first recognition of her incredible work in Michigan. She also received the 2002 Busi-ness and Professional Women of Cheboygan Woman of Distinction Award and in 2017, CNB received the Business of the Year Award from the Cheboygan Area Chamber of Com-merce. Outside of her service with Citizens National Bank, Sue has been involved in numerous community groups and has been instrumental in establishing several local organizations fo-cused on economic growth within Cheboygan County and the surrounding area. Included are the Northern Lakes Economic Alliance, Che-boygan Economic Development Group, Che-boygan Communities Foundation, City of Che-boygan Strategic Planning Committee, Che-boygan Area Chamber of Commerce, and Cheboygan County United Way, to name just a few. Sue has also served as a director for the Michigan Bankers Association, a member of the Federal Reserve Bank’s Advisory Group and on the American Bankers Association Community Bank Council. She is a graduate of the Northern Michigan School of Banking at Northern Michigan University and the Grad-uate School of Banking at the University of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Susan Eno for her decades of service to Northern Michigan and congratulate her once again for being named the MBA Banker of the Year. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a dedicated individual. On behalf of my constitu-ents, I wish Sue all the best in her future en-deavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A13AP8.030 E13APPT1
D390 Friday, April 13, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, April 16, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4, 5503–5519; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 825–829 were introduced.
                 Pages H3314–15 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3316–17 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 801, to amend the National Trails System Act to designate the Route 66 National Historic Trail, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–633); H.R. 3961, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Sce-nic Rivers System, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–634); H.R. 1512, to amend title II of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Secu-rity account numbers to young children in cases where confidentiality has been compromised, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–635); H.R. 5192, to authorize the Commissioner of So-cial Security to provide confirmation of fraud protec-tion data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–636); H.R. 5444, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Rev-enue Service, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–637, Part 1); and H.R. 5445, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer iden-tity protection, and modernize the information tech-nology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–638).                                                                                             Page H3314 
Volcker Rule Regulatory Harmonization Act: The House passed H.R. 4790, to amend the Volcker rule to give the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System sole rulemaking authority, to exclude community banks from the requirements of the Volcker rule, by a yea-and-nay vote of 300 yeas to 104 nays, Roll No. 139.
                                Pages H3214–23 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–67 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services now printed in the bill.
       Page H3214 
H. Res. 811, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4790) was agreed to Wednesday, April 11th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, April 16th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H3230 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture—Communication: Read a letter from Chair-man Shuster wherein he transmitted copies of sixteen resolutions that include eleven lease prospectuses, four special emphasis program prospectuses, and one acquisition included in the General Services Admin-istration’s Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on April 12, 2018. 
                                                                             Pages H3231–H3306 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP8.REC D13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D391 April 13, 2018 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H3222–23. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
APPROPRIATIONS—FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Home-land Security held a budget hearing on the Federal Emergency Management Agency. Testimony was heard from Brock Long, Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency. MILITARY PERSONNEL POSTURE: FY 2019 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Military Per-sonnel Posture: FY 2019’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Robert P. Burke, Chief of Naval Personnel, U.S. Navy; Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower, Per-sonnel and Services, U.S. Air Force; Lieutenant Gen-eral Michael A. Rocco, Deputy Commandant for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, U.S. Marine Corps; and Lieutenant General Thomas Seamands, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–1, U.S. Army. HIGH OCTANE FUELS AND HIGH EFFICIENCY VEHICLES: CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘High Octane Fuels and High Efficiency Vehicles: Challenges and Opportunities’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, APRIL 16, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 5192, the ‘‘Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act’’; H.R. 5444, the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act’’; and H.R. 5445, the ‘‘21st Century IRS Act’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D13AP8.REC D13APPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD392 April 13, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, April 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, April 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E462, E464 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E455 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E457 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E457, E459, E460, E461, E462, E464 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E460 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E463 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E456, E458 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E456, E459, E461, E463 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E462 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E455 Faso, John J., N.Y., E459 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E462 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E459 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E463 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E460 Langevin, James R., R.I., E455 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E461 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E461, E464 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E457 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E458 Perry, Scott, Pa., E459 Price, David E., N.C., E458 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E455, E456, E457, E458 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E460, E461, E463 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Apr 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D13AP8.REC D13APPT1