Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
b This symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3745 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 1, 2018 No. 71 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Thursday, May 3, 2018, at 10:30 a.m. 
House of Representatives 
TUESDAY , MAY1, 2018 
The House met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 1, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable A
LEXANDER  X. M
OONEY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peo-ples Church, Jacksonville, Texas, of-fered the following prayer: Lord, make us instruments of Your peace. Where there is hatred, let us sow love; where there is injury, let us grant pardon; where there is doubt, let us build faith; where there is despair, let us restore one’s hope. Father, make us vessels of Your joy. Let the sowers of Thy grace remain in the field, lest nefarious winds scatter hate and despair. Jesus, make us bearers of Your light to dispel any darkness so our house is kept swept, lest our joy become lost. Let this House become as thine, a house of prayer. Oh, Divine Master, grant that we may not so much seek to be understood as to understand, to be loved as to love. For it is in giving that we receive. It is in pardoning that You pardon us. For it was in dying that You gave us eternal life. In Jesus’ name, amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(a) of House Resolution 839, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESIGNATION FROM THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion from the House of Representa-tives: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, April 27, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. S
PEAKER RYAN: I hereby tender my res-ignation from my office in the United States House of Representatives, effective at mid-night Friday, April 27, 2018. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve the people of the 7th District of Penn-sylvania. God bless the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the United States of America. Sincerely, P
ATRICK L. M EEHAN . 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC, April 27, 2018 Hon. T
HOMAS W. W OLF, Governor of the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, Harrisburg, PA. G
OVERNOR WOLF: I hereby tender my res-ignation from my office in the United States House of Representatives, effective at mid-night Friday, April 27, 2018. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve the people of the 7th District of Pennsylvania. God bless the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the United States of America. Sincerely, PATRICK L. M EEHAN . f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
EEHAN ), the whole number of the House is 428. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(b) of House Resolution 839, the House stands adjourned until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, May 3, 2018. Thereupon (at 9 o’clock and 33 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, May 3, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4704. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-06, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4705. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s report on progress toward a negotiated solution of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Aug 17, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H01MY8.REC H01MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3746 May 1, 2018 
Cyprus question covering the period of Octo-ber 1, 2017, through November 30, 2017, pursu-ant to Sec. 620C(c) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, as amended, and in accordance with Sec. 1(a)(6) of Executive Order 13313; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4706. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-089, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4707. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-136, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4708. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-117, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4709. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-133, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4710. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-137, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4711. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-138, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CHABOT: Committee on Small Busi-ness. H.R. 2655. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and training for small businesses, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–660, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2655. Referral to the Committee on the Judiciary extended for a period ending not later than May 31, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. S IRES, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 5669. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to reduce costs for certain businesses re-quired to relocate from a Superfund site, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 5670. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to issue regula-tions to require public corporations to dis-close political expenditures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. MAST): H.R. 5671. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to include in periodic health assess-ments, separation history and physical ex-aminations, and other assessments an eval-uation of whether a member of the Armed Forces has been exposed to open burn pits or toxic airborne chemicals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5672. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make certain temporary provisions permanent for member of the Armed Forces of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California): H.R. 5673. A bill to extend the Hardest Hit Fund of the Department of the Treasury, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H. Res. 866. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives con-cerning negotiations with North Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ONNOLLY ): H. Res. 867. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that public servants should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United States during Public Service Rec-ognition Week, the week of May 6 through 12, 2018; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 5669. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 5670. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 5671. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The United State Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 5672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 7 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 5673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 57: Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 109: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 303: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 502: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 1013: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1057: Mr. C
ULBERSON and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 1223: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 1267: Mr. O
LSON and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1288: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1374: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1676: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 1825: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. S CHNEI -
DER. H.R. 1828: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1861: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2003: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 2022: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2076: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2315: Mr. R
USHand Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 2740: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 2856: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. M AST, and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 3730: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. L ANCE , Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3913: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 3960: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 3988: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. T HOMPSON  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4025: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 4229: Mr. B
UCHANAN and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 4253: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4392: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4471: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4949: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 5047: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 5067: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. B LUM, Mr. W ALKER , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 5085: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 5102: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 5104: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 5123: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5132: Mr. F
ERGUSON and Mr. M AST. H.R. 5276: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 5373: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5431: Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 5442: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 5551: Mr. S
ERRANO and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 01, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01MY7.000 H01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3747 May 1, 2018 
H.R. 5631: Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 763: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , and Mr. R OTHFUS . H. Res. 785: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M
ESSER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Res. 829: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN and Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 835: Mr. PALLONE , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. R
OKITA , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H. Res. 861: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. J
ONES . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:55 May 01, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY7.007 H01MYPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE573 May 1, 2018 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF DORIS WARD 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to a trailblazer, change-maker and beloved leader: San Francisco Board of Supervisors President Doris Ward. Doris was a woman of extraordinary spirit and positivity who never let a closed door deter her. Throughout her 40 years of leader-ship—at lunch counters and on the NAACP’s Metropolitan Council, as a school adminis-trator and a community leader—she fought fearlessly to knock down barriers to equality and justice. A former teacher herself, Doris was a pas-sionate advocate for our schools and believed deeply in the power of education to help all Americans climb the ladders of opportunity in our nation. Doris was a pioneer, making history as the first African American to serve as President of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. As a leader of our city, she both embodied and championed the San Francisco values of equality, fairness and respect for diversity. Her strong leadership to expand affordable hous-ing, support minority-led businesses and im-prove oversight of the police force continues to ensure that San Francisco remain a wel-coming home to all. Doris was a great friend to our most under-served neighborhoods, and a great inspiration for women, communities of color and young people across our city and country. San Franciscans have been blessed by the leadership of Doris Ward. We will deeply miss her warmth, positivity and joyous spirit. May it bring some measure of comfort to Doris’ many friends and loved ones that so many remember and celebrate Doris’ life and legacy. 
f 
HONORING THE ARVIN-EDISON WATER STORAGE DISTRICT FOR 75 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. KEVIN McCARTHY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Arvin-Edison Water Storage District. Established in 1942 to serve the booming agricultural industry in the southeastern por-tion of California’s San Joaquin Valley, the Arvin-Edison Water Storage District has played an essential role in making Kern Coun-ty the number one agricultural producer in the United States. The District provides water to over 131,000 acres of agricultural land in Kern County, from both surface water through the Central Valley Project’s Friant Unit as well as from ground-water. The water irrigates tens of thousands of acres of almonds, carrots, citrus, grapes, pota-toes, and other annual crops with a value ex-ceeding $1 billion in 2016. And in true Cali-fornia fashion of never letting a drop of water go to waste, the water the District provides to irrigate these and other crops results from a true conjunctive use process—District also re-charges the underground aquifer to help sta-bilize groundwater levels in a region that relies on well water as a primary source of irrigation. To accommodate Kern County’s ever-ex-panding agricultural industry and variable sur-face water supplies, the District has had to take innovative approaches to water manage-ment and storage. For instance, when times are good and water is flowing from rain and melting snow, the District developed a network of groundwater banking programs connected by miles of canals and pipes to capture this water for use in dry years. This approach helped our communities and farmers weather the recent multi-year catastrophic drought in California, ensuring that they were able to ac-cess life-giving water. In 1997, the District entered into a 25-year agreement with the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California that has empowered the District to complete capital improvement projects without increasing water costs to Kern County farmers, including expansion of the aforementioned water banks. I am proud of the work accomplished by the Arvin-Edison Water Storage District, currently led by President Edwin Camp, Engineer-Man-ager Jeevan Muhar, Deputy General Manager David Nixon, Director of Water Resources Ste-ven Collup, General Superintendent Chris-topher Krauter, and Directors Ronald Lehr, Jeffrey Guimarra, Derek Yurosek, Dennis Johnston, John Moore, Charles Fanucchi, Catalino Martinez, and Kevin Pascoe. They and their predecessors’ efforts have made a lasting impact on our community which will continue to play a critical role in the lives of Kern County farmers and those who enjoy the products they grow. The Arvin-Edison Water Storage District’s role in shaping the face of American agri-culture cannot be understated, and I wish the District another 75 years of success. f 
HONORING DR. MICHAEL LANGBERG 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Michael Langberg, Senior Vice President and Chief Clinical Offi-cer of Cedars Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles. Dr. Langberg will retire from his post at Ce-dars in May, after having served the patients of Los Angeles and, in fact, patients around the nation, since 1981. He leaves behind a legacy of better quality care, improved health policy, and collaboration with hospitals around the country to make care safer, particularly for those of limited means or with complex med-ical needs. Dr. Langberg is a highly respected national leader on patient safety and health care qual-ity. When the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services crafted the Hospital Readmis-sions Reduction Program, he led the work at the American Hospital Association to under-stand the proposed policy, identify potential unintended consequences—especially those potentially affecting poorer communities—and convey those issues to CMS so that the agen-cy could refine its approach and improve the program. His work laid the foundation for the provision in the bipartisan 21st Century Cures Act that directed CMS to include an adjust-ment to the Hospital Readmissions Reduction Program to recognize the impact of sociodemographic factors on readmission rates. Dr. Langberg has testified before this body on patient safety and quality issues and before the California Senate on physician quality per-formance—all in an effort to help legislators craft better public policy that supports im-provement in health and health care. He is a permanent member of the California Depart-ment of Public Health’s health care-associated infection advisory committee, seeking to pre-vent the emergence and spread of infections in my state, and he serves on the Board of Di-rectors of the Hospital Quality Institute in Cali-fornia. Dr. Langberg has been an advocate for sharing both successes and failures in an ef-fort to disseminate best practices and advance improvements in quality and safety. He has been an invited speaker at the Health Man-agement Academy, the National Patient Safety Congress, and the Institute for Healthcare Im-provement. By freely speaking of both the suc-cesses and challenges encountered by this nationally esteemed hospital, Dr. Langberg has helped many other hospitals across this nation learn how to keep patients safe, im-prove the quality of the care they deliver, and be attentive to health risks patients may expe-rience after they have left the hospital, particu-larly poorer patients and those who live in communities with relatively few health care providers. For these reasons, I am delighted to recog-nize Dr. Michael Langberg and offer thanks for his dedication and service. f 
DOUGLAS COUNTY FAIR AND RODEO 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-brate the 100th Anniversary of Douglas Coun-ty Fair and Rodeo. Since the First Annual Fair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.001 E01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE574 May 1, 2018 
in 1918, the Douglas County Fair and Rodeo has been a hallmark of our great state. With families from the Front Range and beyond, traveling to see Colorado’s agriculture and livestock on full display. The diligent work of the Douglas County Fair Foundation is what keeps this time-hon-ored tradition going strong. With tens of thou-sands in attendance the achievement and hard work of the local volunteers is self-evi-dent. The community benefits include im-mense support of local business, family enter-tainment and a focus on agricultural education for farmers and ranchers across the state. On behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I applaud the Douglas County Fair and Rodeo that honors our rich agricul-tural and ranching roots. We look forward to their continued success as they keep this strong western tradition alive. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to celebrate the centennial cele-bration of the Douglas County Fair and Rodeo. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 300TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE JONATHAN DUNHAM HOUSE 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with the Trinity Episcopal Church con-gregation and the Woodbridge community in celebrating the 300th anniversary of the Jona-than Dunham House. This incredible milestone and the history of this site is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. One of the oldest properties in Woodbridge, New Jersey, the Jonathan Dunham House is an incredible historical marker in the township. In addition to its ownership by the Dunham family and Trinity Episcopal Church, the house was also once owned by the Barron family, another well-known and renowned family of the township. The rectory of Trinity Episcopal Church, the Jonathan Dunham House is part of the church’s national and state historic registry listing. Built in the 1700s as a residence by Jonathan Dunham, an ancestor of former President Barack Obama, the Jonathan Dunham House became the church’s rectory in 1873. Purchased in 1872 by George Hance, Sen-ior Warden of the church, the Jonathan Dunham House was donated to Trinity after a year of renovations that updated and enlarged the property. Begun in 2014 and recently com-pleted, the rectory was once again renovated in order to restore the property. The site has continually served as the church’s rectory since its acquisition. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in marking the 300th anniversary of the Jonathan Dunham House and thanking the church, congregants and community vol-unteers for their dedicated work to preserve this historic site. HONORING MRS. TAMMIE JO SHULTS HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Tammie Jo Shults, the pilot of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 on April 17th, whose he-roic actions saved many lives. A New Mexico native, Mrs. Shults dem-onstrated bravery and composure as she safe-ly guided her Boeing 737 to the ground after one of its engines exploded. While we mourn the loss of beloved Albuquerque native Jen-nifer Riordan, we are grateful that Mrs. Shults’ extraordinary actions under pressure helped prevent an even greater tragedy. In addition to her life-saving actions on April 17th, Mrs. Shults was a trail blazer in the U.S. Navy. After combat exclusion laws for women were repealed, Mrs. Shults became one of the first female fighter pilots. Despite facing adver-sity and unequal treatment due to her gender, Mrs. Shults eventually earned the rank of Lieutenant Commander. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my gratitude to Mrs. Tammie Jo Shults for her years of service to our country and her extraordinary, live-saving heroism aboard Southwest Airlines Flight 1380. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE AND DEDICATION OF CINDY KOEDOOT 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Cindy Koedoot and the lasting impact she has had on countless stu-dents at Zeeland Public Schools. Throughout her career, Cindy has worked tirelessly as a Special Education teacher, selflessly commit-ting herself to instructing and preparing her students for the future. Over the course of her teaching career, Cindy has personally developed and designed various field trips and unique learning opportu-nities for her students. One of the programs Cindy designed offered students the oppor-tunity to learn to craft rugs, blankets, and other items that would then be sold by the stu-dents at trade shows. These types of experi-ences taught the students not only the values of crafting and hard work, but also the entre-preneurial skills that can define success well beyond the classroom. For over 25 years, Cindy coordinated trips to Washington, D.C. for Zeeland Public School students. With her careful attention to every detail involved in these trips, including res-ervations for hotels and airlines, loading metro passes, and scheduling activities in and around Washington, D.C., Cindy created op-portunities and lifelong memories for students from all walks of life. Mr. Speaker, Cindy Koedoot spent her life working diligently to educate and mentor the students of Zeeland, Michigan. It is thus fitting and proper that we celebrate her service and dedication here today. I extend my deepest gratitude and congratulations to Cindy for her decades of selfless service. f 
IN HONOR OF THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE BATAVIAN; AN ON-LINE ONLY NEWS SOURCE FOR BATAVIA AND GENESEE COUNTY 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th anniversary of The Batavian, the first online only, local news source for Batavia and Genesee County, New York. The Batavian was launched on May 1, 2008, with Howard Owens as publisher and Philip Anselmo as editor, with the goal of pro-viding local residents with timely news and in-formation. Their mission was to ensure that every citizen had a chance to contribute to the community by posting news and opinions about events, whether of local interest or na-tional or international importance. Through these civil discussions, communities can grow stronger. Today, over 12,000 people visit the web site each weekday and more than 150 local busi-nesses support it with sponsorships. The Ba-tavian has also been honored by the Inland Press Association, The Genesee County Chamber of Commerce, and the Business Im-provement District, for its success in jour-nalism and contribution to the community. I thank The Batavians publisher Howard Owens, current editor Billie Owens and their dedicated staff for their commitment to pre-serving the mission of the First Amendment of the United States Constitution, and I congratu-late them on achieving a decade of success. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Numbers 162 through 166, On Amendments to H.R. 4, the Democratic Motion to Recom-mit, and Final Passage, I was unavoidably de-tained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted: Roll Call 162, McClintock Amendment—No; Roll Call 163, Duncan Amendment—No; Roll Call 164, Motion to Recommit H.R. 4—Yes; Roll Call 165, Final Passage—Yes; and Roll Call 166, On Motion to Table H. Res. 856— No. 
f 
FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF NEW YORK OUR COMMUNITY SALUTES HONOREE LIST 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay special tribute to thirty six exemplary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.004 E01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE575 May 1, 2018 
young men and women from the First Con-gressional District of New York who have been chosen to serve their country in various branches of the Armed Forces of the United States. These courageous individuals will put their lives on hold to ensure the security and welfare of their fellow Americans. Their un-wavering patriotism, dedication to our nation’s values and sacrifice in defense of our great nation is inspiring. Each of the following stu-dents has my deepest appreciation for their service to our country, and I ask my col-leagues to join me in personally recognizing: 
Army, Howard Kyle, Bayport Blue Point High School; Army, Jennifer Baez, Bellport High School; Army, Henderson Coppin, Bellport High School; Army, Kelsie Leh-mann, Bellport High School; Army, Dominic Nieves, Bellport High School; Army, Alex Martinez, Eastport South Manor High School; Army, Harlee Kealos, Longwood High School; Army, Maria Valdez, Longwood High School; Army, Jasmine Campbell, Wil-liam Floyd High School; Army, Jocelyn Gar-cia, William Floyd High School; Army, Kath-erine Guzman, William Floyd High School; Army, Theresa Nguyen, William Floyd High School; Army, Ashley Troche, William Floyd High School. Marines, Patrick Alles, Bayport Blue Point High School; Marines, Christopher Feliz, Bellport High School; Marines, Coby Mayfield, Bayport Blue Point High School; Marines, Dominic Donnolo, Center Moriches High School; Marines, Jonathan Berni, Eastport South Manor High School; Marines, Brian Herrarte, Longwood High School; Ma-rines, John Borrero, Patchogue Medford High School; Marines, Edward Calderon, Patchogue Medford High School; Marines, Daniel Fried, Patchogue Medford High School; Marines, James Miller, Patchogue Medford High School; Marines, Joe Tangel Jr., Patchogue Medford High School; Ma-rines, Dominick Caputo, William Floyd High School; Marines, Bradley Ladolcetta, Wil-liam Floyd High School; Marines, Nick Levantino, William Floyd High School; Ma-rines, Travis Mazza, William Floyd High School; Marines, Marcos Oliverflores, Wil-liam Floyd High School; Marines, Anthony Pizzuti, William Floyd High School. Navy, Dylan McCarthy, Bayport Blue Point High School; Navy, Anthony Donnadio, Patchogue Medford High School; Navy, Joseph Rodriquez, William Floyd High School; Navy, Peter Vu, William Floyd High School. Air Force, Alexander Parris, Bellport High School; Air Force, Julie Pandolf, Patchogue Medford High School. 
These enlistees will be recognized on May 17, 2018, at the fourth annual ‘‘Our Commu-nity Salutes Brookhaven Town Enlistee Cere-mony’’ at Sunset Harbor in Patchogue, NY. Mr. Speaker, we, as a nation, are extraor-dinarily grateful to each and every one of these thirty-six individuals for answering the call of duty. Each of these young Americans has our eternal gratitude and we will never be able to adequately repay them for their service to our nation. It is my distinct honor and privi-lege to represent them and their families in the First Congressional District of New York. I wish them the best of luck in their respective branches and in all of their future endeavors. IN RECOGNITION OF ARVIN-EDISON WATER STORAGE DISTRICT HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Arvin-Edison Water Storage Dis-trict in celebration of its 75th Anniversary of providing much-needed water to communities across the southeastern San Joaquin Valley. Organized in 1942, the Arvin-Edison Water Storage District (AEWSD) entered into its first agreement with the United States Bureau of Reclamation twenty years later in 1962. Today, the Water District consists is tasked with managing, treating, acquiring, and sup-plying water to 131,660 acres of agricultural land in Southeast Kern County, California. Between 1964 and 1968, with support from the Bureau of Reclamation, the District con-structed its primary water distribution facilities. Since then, AEWSD has continued to invest in its infrastructure to provide reliable water sup-ply to its members. Among its various infra-structure projects, the District constructed its Tejon Spreading Basin in 1972, the North Canal Spreading Basin in 1999, and various new wells between 1996 and 1998. The Arvin-Edison Water Storage District is comprised of approximately 132,000 acres of land, encompassing more than 113,000 acres of irrigated crops including vineyards, al-monds, citrus, and carrots, to name a few. In 2016, the AEWSD supported over 1.1 billion dollars in agricultural products, nearly twenty percent of agricultural commandeers grown in Kern County. Today, the Arvin-Edison Water Storage Dis-trict is led by President Edwin Camp, Vice President Jeffrey G. Giumarra, and Secretary John C. Moore. The District’s current Board of Directors also includes Ronald R. Lehr, How-ard R. Frick, Dennis B. Johnson, Charles Fanucchi, Catalino M. Martinez, and Kevin E. Pascoe. Among the District’s operations staff are En-gineer-Manager Jeevan S. Muhar, Deputy General Manager David A. Nixon, Director of Water Resources Steven C. Collup, and Gen-eral Superintendent Christopher P. Krauter. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the Arvin–Eqison Water Storage District on their 75th Anniver-sary and thank them for their years of pro-viding reliable irrigation water to support agri-culture in Kern County. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. JASON CHAO 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the service of Dr. Jason Chao to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO), and I con-gratulate him on his retirement. Dr. Chao, Primary Advisor to the Ambas-sador of the Republic of China on Taiwan (ROC), has been serving TECRO for the past 25 years. Throughout his esteemed career, he has been the chief congressional liaison offi-cer and the principal escort officer for congres-sional delegation trips. Many Members of Con-gress and congressional staff have learned more about Taiwan because of Jason’s work. Dr. Chao has consistently shown wisdom, professionalism, passion, and dedication dur-ing his many years of service. He has also been instrumental in helping steer the pro-motion of bilateral relations and the exchange of cultural and economic growth between the ROC and the United States. We will miss Dr. Chao, but we are excited for his future endeavors and we offer him our sincere thanks for his many contributions to the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. f 
NORTHWEST INDIANA BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY HALL OF FAME CLASS OF 2018 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise to commend numerous exceptional leaders from Indiana who were honored as the Northwest Indiana Business and Industry Hall of Fame Class of 2018. While there were many deserv-ing nominees, this year’s inductees include Dr. Vidya Kora, Bill Hasse, Jeff Strack, Terry McMahon, Scott Albanese, and MonoSol. For their many contributions to the community of Northwest Indiana and beyond, these hon-orees were recognized at the 11th Annual In-duction Ceremony on Tuesday, May 1, 2018, at the Avalon Manor in Merrillville, Indiana. The Honorable Eric Holcomb, Governor of the State of Indiana, served as the keynote speak-er for this special event. Dr. Vidya Kora is a general internist with the Franklin Clinic of Michigan City and also serves as a LaPorte County Commissioner. In addition, Dr. Kora is involved in numerous civic, charitable, and professional organiza-tions. His numerous accomplishments are to be commended. Notably, Dr. Kora was espe-cially influential while helping former Governor Mitch Daniels and state legislators expand In-diana’s Medicaid program through the imple-mentation of the Healthy Indiana Plan. Dr. Kora has also worked tirelessly to improve the school system in Michigan City and has as-sisted with establishing a public transportation system, which connects Michigan City, La Porte, and Westville. A longtime area physi-cian, Dr. Kora opened his Michigan City med-ical practice in 1986 and has maintained an outstanding reputation in his field and his com-munity since that time. William ‘‘Bill’’ Hasse III became the third generation owner and president of Hasse Construction Company, Incorporated in 1984, after the death of his father, William A. Hasse Jr. Due to his strong leadership and devotion, Bill has been successful in growing the family business. In the 1990’s, Hasse Construction diversified and acquired public projects, includ-ing municipal and school projects, under-ground utility work, and projects in the healthcare industry. In addition, Mr. Hasse has continuously given back to the community through his work with the Lake County Eco-nomic Alliance, Hospice of the Calumet Area, and the Hammond YMCA, among others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.010 E01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE576 May 1, 2018 
Jeff Strack is the President and CEO of In-diana Grocery Group/Strack & Van Til. Last year, when the parent company Central Gro-cers filed for bankruptcy, Strack & Van Til was forced to shut down numerous stores. Jeff was not going to lose the family business that has been around for almost six decades. After he and a group of investors formed Indiana Grocery Group and put together a successful bid to buy back Strack & Van Til, Mr. Strack vowed to keep it a family-owned business. Today, under Jeff’s leadership, the grocery chain has twenty locations in communities throughout Northwest Indiana. In addition, Mr. Strack is focused on providing good jobs and assisting charitable organizations throughout the region. Terry McMahon is the owner and president of the successful accounting firm, McMahon and Associates, in Munster. Terry started his company in the 1970’s with only himself and a part-time typist. Munster was a growing community at that time, and as the town de-veloped, the company continued to grow. Today, McMahon and Associates consists of thirty employees and three partners, serving 600 businesses and handling approximately 1,300 personal income tax returns. Terry at-tributes his success to the development of positive relationships with clients and his out-standing employees. In addition, Mr. McMahon is known for his generosity and gives back to the community through various charitable en-deavors. In 1983, Scott Albanese, owner and CEO of the Albanese Confectionery Group, opened his first candy store in Merrillville. After years of hard work and dedication, in 2000, Scott opened his second location, which has be-come the successful and popular Albanese Candy Factory and Outlet Store in Hobart. Under Mr. Albanese’s direction, the company manufactures its own products, operates inter-nationally, and continues to grow. The recipient of the Enterprise of the Year Award is Mono Sol, a division of Kuraray, a Japanese company that acquired the business in 2012. MonoSol produces a patented water- soluble film used in numerous products and markets. Operating since 1953, the company has grown exponentially since the TidePod was introduced by Proctor & Gamble in 2012. Under the direction of its CEO, P. Scott Bening, MonoSol has doubled its workforce since 2012 and is currently headquartered in Merrillville. MonoSol also maintains a plant in La Porte and two manufacturing facilities cur-rently located in Portage. The company has diversified into other areas of its market in-cluding agricultural and packaging materials, as well as synthetic marble for stone products used in home construction. MonoSol has been a tremendous asset to the community of Northwest Indiana, and Mr. Bening is focused on growing the company in the region, a com-munity of which he is very proud to be a part. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in commending these dedicated leaders and organizations upon their induction into the Northwest Indiana Business and Industry Hall of Fame. They are truly deserving of this honor, and for their ex-ceptional leadership and commitment to the region and beyond, each of them is worthy of the highest praise. TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF JOHN D
ESIMONE 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, John DeSimone, for his exemplary Military service during the Ko-rean war, and his steadfast commitment to his family and his community. Born in New York City on June 3, 1931, John DeSimone lived in lower Manhattan until he moved to Astoria in 1969 with his wife, Mary Ellen Sapanaro DeSimone. They were married for 45 years until her passing in 2015. They share a daughter, Maria, who lives with her husband in a separate apartment of the same home. On November 15, 1951, John DeSimone was drafted and entered the U.S. Army. He completed Army Basic Training at Camp Kil-mer in New Jersey, now known as Fort Dix, and served in the Transportation Corps of the U.S. Army in the 13th Field Artillery Regiment, Ordnance Transportation Company. Private First Class DeSimone served with honor and conducted assigned tasks above the call of duty in combat conditions. PFC DeSimone was decorated with the National Defense Service Medal, the United Nations Service Medal, and the Merit Unit Commenda-tion. He was awarded three Bronze Stars with his Korean Service Medal for exceptionally meritorious service in support during the most hostile period of the Korean war. PFC DeSimone’s outstanding performance, exper-tise, and unwavering commitment to mission accomplishment in a hostile environment were vital to successful combat operations. His con-tributions and dedication to duty are in keep-ing with the finest traditions of the armed forces and reflect great credit upon himself, his unit, and the United States Army. He was honorably discharged from the U.S. Army on November 4, 1953 after serving 1 year, 11 months, and 20 days. Prior to his service, John DeSimone had worked as a runner for the New York Stock Exchange and later returned to the NYSE fol-lowing his honorable discharge. He worked as a runner for the NYSE for forty more years. After retiring, Mr. DeSimone continued to serve others as a school crossing guard for fif-teen years and an Elder in Steinway Re-formed Church, where he was involved with the Ministry as a devout Protestant. When he later developed Alzheimer’s, Mr. DeSimone began attending day programs at Sunnyside Community Service and NYU Horticultural pro-gram, where he was actively involved. Mr. Speaker, John DeSimone’s service to his family, his community, and his country is an inspiration to all of us. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring my constituent, John DeSimone, and thank him for his service. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE AND DEDICATION OF KEVIN KREMER 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of Kevin Kremer, and his tireless devotion to educating and training stu-dents. Throughout his 28 year career in edu-cation, Kevin has mentored and guided count-less number of students both in and out of the classroom. As a cross country and track & field coach, Kevin has inspired student athletes to reach their fullest potential while instilling in them a team-first attitude. For 18 years Kevin coordinated trips to Washington, D.C. for Zeeland Public School students. With his careful attention to every detail involved in these trips, including res-ervations for hotels and airlines, loading metro passes, and scheduling activities in and around Washington, D.C., Kevin created op-portunities and lifelong memories for students from all walks of life. Mr. Speaker, Kevin Kremer dedicated his life to educating and inspiring the future lead-ers of this nation. It is thus fitting and proper that we celebrate and honor his service here today. I extend my deepest gratitude to Kevin for his years of selfless service, and I offer my congratulations on a job well done. f 
IN HONOR OF VICKIE JASMANN FOR WINNING THE 2018 WYOMING JEFFERSON AWARD 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Vickie Jasmann on winning the 2018 Wyoming Jefferson Award. She de-serves to be very proud of this prestigious rec-ognition. The Jefferson Award is the most revered award for public service in Wyoming. It was created with the goal of honoring individuals who enrich the communities and may other-wise go unnoticed. The award emphasizes the importance of serving local communities and that one person can indeed make a difference. In Wyoming, a panel of five judges independ-ently score nominated individuals and deter-mine four finalists, including one winner. Vickie Jasmann is a true inspiration to all who know her. She is a force for good in the Casper, Wyoming community. Her service started at a young age and only grew from there. When she was growing up, her family installed a phone line in their house for the American Cancer Society because there was no office in town. Her mother also helped start the local Relay for Life chapter. She has con-tinued her work for the two organizations, mo-tivated by her own battle with cancer and oth-ers she has lost along the way. Vickie also works with the American Legion Auxiliary to support her fellow veterans and serves as a foster parent. She has fostered also 200 children over 10 years, including one that she adopted. Vickie volunteers wherever she is needed, whether it be for organizations, festivals, or members of the community in need. She par-ticipates in theater productions at the Senior Center, served as a greeter at the Help the Homeless project, and was a Certified Tourist Ambassador during the Eclipse Festival. She also helps elderly members of the community with errands and picks up single mothers’ chil-dren when needed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.013 E01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE577 May 1, 2018 
Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate Vickie Jasmann for winning the 2018 Wyoming Jefferson Award and thank her for her countless contributions to her community. She deserves to be extremely proud of all her hard work and of this award. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FIRST LADY BARBARA PIERCE BUSH 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 25, 2018 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of First Lady Barbara Pierce Bush. As our nation mourns the loss of a true pa-triot, an advocate for families, a treasured First Lady, a dedicated wife, mother and grand-mother, we also take the time to remember the legacy Barbara Bush left behind. Barbara Bush was born in New York City in 1925 to Pauline and Marvin Pierce. She went on to marry her beloved husband, George H.W. Bush in 1945. The two recently celebrated their 73rd wedding anniversary early this year. Mrs. Bush devotedly stood by her husband’s side though his military service and later supported him as he entered public service and ascended the presidency. As First Lady, moved to action by her own experience as a mother to a child with dys-lexia, she used her influence to highlight the importance of family literacy. She championed this cause across our nation, helping to raise over $110 million to support family literacy programs through the Barbara Bush Founda-tion for Family Literacy. Dedicated to her mission to end the generational cycle of illiteracy, she advocated for the passage of the National Literacy Act of 1991, which established the National Institute for Literacy and allowed libraries to serve as educational literacy center for adults. Among her big achievements was to set an example of humility and hard work for her family. In her own words, Mrs. Bush wrote, ‘‘I want to be known as a wife, a mother, a grand-mother . . . that’s what I am. And I’d like to be known as someone who really cared about people . . .’’ Our nation grieves with President George H.W. Bush and the entire Bush family. Our hearts are heavy, but we are grateful that we were privileged enough to bear witness to her message of grace, civility, and patriotism. She was a true gift to our nation. I honor the incredible life and legacy of First Lady Barbara Bush. 
f 
H. RES. 861 
HON. BRAD SHERMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have co-sponsored H. Res. 861, urging the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of North Korea. This does not mean that I would necessarily oppose an accord with North Korea that only partially achieves our objec-tives. f 
THE LONG ARM OF INJUSTICE: DID A U.N. COMMISSION FOUND-ED TO FIGHT CORRUPTION HELP THE KREMLIN DESTROY A RUS-SIAN FAMILY? 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, April 27 I chaired a hearing at the Hel-sinki Commission inquiring into whether a U.N. Commission founded to fight corruption worked with the Kremlin to destroy a Russian family. The Russian government regularly pur-sues its vendettas beyond its borders, harassing and even murdering Russian emigres abroad—people who are on the Putin circle’s target list for various reasons. The poi-soning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal in England is one of the most recent examples to reach the news. The family in question is the Bitkovs, and the Kremlin’s sadistic pursuit of them is in its way just as shocking as its cruel murder of Litvinenko and the attempted murders of the Skripals. The Bitkovs are still alive today, but they have been hounded for over a decade, to the opposite end of the world, and beyond the limits of human endurance—merely for resist-ing Putin favorites who sought to take over their successful paper manufacturing com-pany. More shocking, the facts of the case strong-ly indicate—and we will hear testimony on this today—that the United Nation’s International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala, or CICIG, became deeply involved in the Krem-lin’s persecution of the Bitkov family. Indeed that CICIG acted as the Kremlin’s operational agent in brutalizing and tormenting the Bitkov family. Congress has a special responsibility in this matter because the United States is one of the largest contributors to CICIG’s budget. There has been little congressional oversight of CICIG—it’s clearly time for that to change. In the 1990s Igor and Irina Bitkov built the Northwest Timber Company, acquiring and modernizing old factories to increase paper production. As their company grew, the Bitkovs took loans from several Russian state banks to finance further modernization. Their business prospered—grew to a value of hun-dreds of millions of dollars—and the family was approached by a powerful bank executive who sought to buy a majority share in the company at a significantly below-market rate. Other officials asked Irina to become politically involved in the President Vladimir Putin’s party. When the Bitkovs refused things got very ugly. Their 16-year-old daughter, Anastasia, was kidnapped for several days, drugged, and repeatedly raped. Her parents ransomed her— paying the money to policemen, who said they were go-betweens to the kidnappers. Then the banks suddenly called in the loans, even though the Bitkovs had excellent credit. The family was threatened with imprisonment and death. Fearing for their lives, the family fled Rus-sia. They found what they thought was legal refuge in Guatemala with the help of a Guate-malan law firm. They acquired Guatemalan passports, bought a house, learned Spanish, and gave birth to their second child, Vladimir. But the Kremlin caught up to them and VTB Bank, one of Russia’s biggest state-controlled banks, often referred to as ‘‘Putin’s Piggy Bank,’’ filed a complaint against them in Gua-temala, alleging use of false identification doc-uments. While we don’t know exactly what transpired internally to CICIG and the Guatemalan state agencies that work with them, it appears to have been taken up by the Guatemalan state and CICIG. In any case, the Bitkov’s suddenly found themselves catapulted into what has be-come for them a horror without end. On January 15, 2015, Igor, Irina, Anastasia and Vladimir were awoken by an armed raid on their home—70 or so armed policemen woke them up, took them away, and spent 20 hours tearing apart their home and their office. It got much worse—the Bitkovs were put into cages for nine days. Their daughter—re-member she had been kidnaped and repeat-edly raped years earlier—was denied medica-tion, now suffered a nervous breakdown. As the ordeal continued, she would later make multiple suicide attempts. Their infant son was torn away from them, not even permitted to stay with friends, and sent to an orphanage, where he sustained facial injuries, a chipped tooth, conjunctivitis, lost the ability to speak. When family friends recovered him they found that, when given food, little Vladimir imme-diately began hiding it under his shirt. I will not say more now about the Bitkovs harrowing or-deal—their lawyers will speak to that. Suffice it to say that Igor, Irina, and Anastasia have remained incarcerated since January 2015. In January of this year, despite an earlier appeals court ruling that the Bitkovs’ alleged offense was only administrative in nature and punishable with a fine, Igor was sentenced to 19 years in prison and Irina and Anastasia were sentenced to 14 years each. These sen-tences were far harsher than those given to Guatemalan officials who perpetrated the sale of passports—they are harsher than sen-tences given to rapists or murderers. What was CICIG’s role in all of this? What we know for a fact is this: CICIG and a special branch of the attorney general’s office worked together on the investigation and arrest of the Bitkovs—CICIG personnel participated in the raid on the Bitkovs home. Then CICIG and VTB Bank initiated and aggressively pursued the legal case against them, consistently argu-ing at every level of the judicial process against the Bitkovs, including against their ap-peal to be tried as migrants guilty of an admin-istrative offense rather than a criminal one. CICIG—via its representative Claudia Gon-zalez Orellana—defended the role of the VTB Bank in the prosecution of the Bitkovs. Oddly, CICIG never prosecuted the law firm which provided the Bitkovs with the passports that destroyed their lives. As Bill Browder testified: ‘‘Inexplicably . . . In January 2015, a criminal case against the Bitkovs was opened at the direction of CICIG. Immediately after, 70 armed police officers raided the Bitkov’s home, arrested Irina, Igor, and Anastasia and detained them in cages be-hind the parking garage in the main court building of Guatemala City.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.016 E01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE578 May 1, 2018 
NATIONAL CIVIL RIGHTS DAY 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor and respect that I take this time to recognize National Civil Rights Day, which was designated by the 100th United States Congress and proclaimed by President Ronald Reagan on August 12, 1987. On this historic occasion, we remember the struggle and per-severance of the brave leaders of the Civil Rights Movement who passionately fought for equal justice and opportunity under the law, while celebrating and honoring the lives of the countless individuals who tirelessly led the charge to create a better America, from Presi-dent Abraham Lincoln to Susan B. Anthony to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. On this day, we also take the time to reflect on the continued efforts being made every day toward securing and protecting life and liberty for every citizen of our great nation. On August 28, 1963, Dr. King led an esti-mated 250,000 people in the March on Wash-ington for Jobs and Freedom. Through his words and actions, Dr. King inspired his gen-eration, as well as generations to come, while promoting racial equality in the United States. He was a peaceful human rights activist who denounced violence as a means to commu-nicate. For his vision and work toward a just society, he was the youngest recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. Dr. King is worthy of the highest praise and continues to be the truest example of all that is good and noble in the struggle for equality and freedom. The work of Dr. King and each individual who sought positive change during the Civil Rights Movement has strengthened the re-solve of future generations. The lasting legacy of these individuals has transformed society in Northwest Indiana, throughout the United States, and beyond. At home in Northwest In-diana, our communities have, for decades, been fortunate to have outstanding leaders of all races, genders, and creeds who have led by example and dedicated themselves to the ideals inspired by the Civil Rights Movement, those of justice, equality, and freedom. North-west Indiana is also the proud home to many community groups and individuals that have given of their time and greatest efforts to en-sure that our civil rights are protected. I also congratulate the efforts of former Gary, Indiana Mayor Richard Hatcher who, in 1967, was one of two African Americans elect-ed to serve as mayor of a large city. This marked the first time in our nation’s history that an African American would hold this of-fice. Following his twenty years of service in this capacity, Mayor Hatcher has continued to work on many projects throughout Northwest Indiana. His proposal for the National Civil Rights Hall of Fame in Gary will honor and recognize the great contributions of those who challenged American culture and whose shoul-ders we currently stand on as we work to se-cure a truly fair, just, and tolerant society. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in commemo-rating National Civil Rights Day. We are hon-ored to take this time to remember those who fight so courageously for equality, and we thank them for their perseverance, sacrifice, and struggle. The significance of National Civil Rights Day will continue to hold special mean-ing for generations to come. f 
IN HONOR OF L EROY JOHNSON FOR BEING SELECTED AS A FI-NALIST FOR THE 2018 WYOMING JEFFERSON AWARD 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate LeRoy Johnson on being se-lected as a finalist for the 2018 Wyoming Jef-ferson Award. He deserves to be very proud of this prestigious recognition. The Jefferson Award is the most revered award for public service in Wyoming. It was created with the goal of honoring individuals who enrich the communities and may other-wise go unnoticed. The award emphasizes the importance of serving local communities and that one person can indeed make a difference. In Wyoming, a panel of five judges independ-ently score nominated individuals and deter-mine four finalists, including one winner. LeRoy Johnson has dedicated the past 27 years of his life to serving his community. After retiring in 1991, LeRoy and his wife, Inez, moved to Sheridan, Wyoming and imme-diately started to volunteer around the commu-nity. He first got involved in the Trinity Lu-theran Church and the Sheridan Senior Cen-ter. He started as a driver for the Home Deliv-ered Meals Program when he moved, and has been delivering meals every week since then. He also volunteers at the VA Hospital, where he connects with his fellow veterans while making coffee and visiting with them and their families. LeRoy is respected by the community and has touched the lives of many in it. Although he is 90 years old now, he has never stopped helping others. Whether he is ringing the bell for the Salvation Army at Christmas, helping his children, or promoting stewardship and ag-riculture education, LeRoy is always striving to improve his community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate LeRoy Johnson for being selected as a finalist for the 2018 Wyoming Jefferson Award and thank him for his countless con-tributions to his community. He and his family deserve to be extremely proud of all his hard work and of this recognition. 
f 
IN OPPOSITION TO AMENDMENT NO. 147 TO H.R. 4 FAA REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2018 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to Amendment No. 147 to H.R. 4, the ‘‘FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018,’’ the in-tent of which is to direct nonstop flights from Reagan National Airport (DCA) to San Anto-nio, Texas. I oppose the amendment for several rea-sons. First, Amendment 147 would arbitrarily alter the number of flights that are permitted to go beyond the federally mandated 1,250 mile pe-rimeter rule around Reagan National Airport (DCA) that was created by Congress in the 1980s. Second, Amendment 147 would allow four new beyond perimeter exemptions to each carrier that commits to swap an inside perim-eter slot to a large-hub airport to serve an air-port within 25 miles of a military medical cen-ter that does not currently have service, ex-emptions that apply only to airports in San An-tonio and San Diego. Third, Amendment 147 would politicize the slot and perimeter rules at Reagan National Airport (DCA) by earmarking slots that can only be used to serve limited destinations that are predetermined by Congress. Last, Amendment 147 sets a dangerous precedent of carving our predetermined mar-kets for beyond perimeter exemptions, remov-ing free-market business decisions from the carriers and placing the decision on which routes should be served in the hands of legis-lators. The High-Density (‘‘Slot’’) or Perimeter Rules governing flight operations at DCA are designed to both manage congestion at DCA and also balance traffic between DCA and IAD, the two airports in a single airport sys-tem. Although the intent of Amendment 147 may be well-meaning, the amendment as currently drafted adversely affects communities with current service to DCA, as well as Dulles International Airport and the populations it serves. This is because changes to the High-Den-sity (‘‘Slot’’) or Perimeter Rules governing flight operations at DCA will lead to secondary and tertiary effects on flight operations at air-ports around the nation. For these reasons Amendment 147 is op-posed by both International Association of Ma-chinists and Aerospace Workers, the largest airline union in the nation; and by American Airlines, one of the largest air carriers in the world. I include in the RECORD a letter from the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, and urge all Members to join me in voting against Amendment 147 to H.R. 4. 
APRIL 26, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, we strongly urge you to vote ‘‘NO’’ to the Cuellar No. 147 amendment to the FAA Reauthorization Act, H.R. 4 when it’s considered. As the largest Airline Union in the United States, we believe this amendment will have a negative impact on the thousands of airline workers that we proudly represent in the local metropolitan Washington D.C. area. We oppose any changes to the perimeter rules governing flight operations at National Airport (‘‘DCA’’) that could have a negative impact on our airline membership. If you have any questions or concerns re-garding our position, please do not hesitate to give us a call. Sincerely, H
ASAN SOLOMON , National Legislative Director. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.020 E01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE579 May 1, 2018 
IN HONOR OF MARTHA WALLACE FOR BEING SELECTED AS A FI-NALIST FOR THE 2018 WYOMING JEFFERSON AWARD 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Martha Wallace on being se-lected as a finalist for the 2018 Wyoming Jef-ferson Award. She deserves to be very proud of this prestigious recognition. The Jefferson Award is the most revered award for public service in Wyoming. It was created with the goal of honoring individuals who enrich the communities and may other-wise go unnoticed. The award emphasizes the importance of serving local communities and that one person can indeed make a difference. In Wyoming, a panel of five judges independ-ently score nominated individuals and deter-mine four finalists, including one winner. Martha Wallace has dedicated her time to providing elder care in Casper, Wyoming for over 25 years. She volunteers at the Shep-herd of the Valley Nursing Home and Moun-tain Plaza Assisted Living, doing everything from serving breakfast to residents to raising money and helping with parties and activities. She is also a member of The First Christian Church and the Christian Women’s Fellowship where she raises money and participates in various committees. Through her work and dedication to helping others, Martha has encouraged others to get involved. Martha’s work has impacted many residents of Casper and the state of Wyoming, and we are lucky to have her serve our com-munity. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate Martha Wallace for being selected as a finalist for the 2018 Wyoming Jefferson Award and thank her for her countless con-tributions to her community. She deserves to be extremely proud of all her hard work and of this recognition. 
f 
IN HONOR OF TONI CHARIEZ FOR BEING SELECTED AS A FINALIST FOR THE 2018 WYOMING JEFFER-SON AWARD 
HON. LIZ CHENEY 
OF WYOMING  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 1, 2018 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Toni Chariez on being selected as a finalist for the 2018 Wyoming Jefferson Award. She deserves to be very proud of this prestigious recognition. The Jefferson Award is the most revered award for public service in Wyoming. It was created with the goal of honoring individuals who enrich the communities and may other-wise go unnoticed. The award emphasizes the importance of serving local communities and that one person can indeed make a difference. In Wyoming, a panel of five judges independ-ently score nominated individuals and deter-mine four finalists, including one winner. Toni Chariez has dedicated countless hours to serving her community. After retiring, she started volunteering as a Senior Companion Volunteer with Wyoming Senior Citizen’s Inc. In the 23 years since then, she has volun-teered for over 26,000 hours and helped over 200 clients live independently and without long-term care. Known among her clients as ‘‘An Angel from Heaven,’’ she takes them to run errands, on walks, and to the doctor all while keeping their spirits up. Toni continues to dedicate her time to her clients, despite some health challenges her-self. After spending 10 days in the hospital re-covering from a stroke in 2011, she drove her-self back home to Cheyenne, Wyoming and immediately started volunteering again. Chey-enne and our state of Wyoming are lucky to have Toni serving the community. Again, Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate Toni Chariez for being selected as a finalist for the 2018 Wyoming Jefferson Award and thank her for her countless contributions to her community. She deserves to be ex-tremely proud of all her hard work and of this recognition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01MY8.024 E01MYPT1
D477 Tuesday, May 1, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, May 3, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 5 public bills, H.R. 5669–5673; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 866–867, were introduced.
                                  Page H3746 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3746–47 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H.R. 2655, to amend the Small Business Act to expand intellectual property education and training for small businesses, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–660, Part 1).
                                        Page H3646 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mooney (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3745 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, TX.
                                     Page H3745 
Member Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Meehan, wherein he resigned as Rep-resentative for the Seventh Congressional District of Pennsylvania, effective at midnight on Friday, April 27, 2018.
                                                                       Page H3745 
Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Mee-han, the whole number of the House is 428.                                                                                             Page H3745 
Quorum Calls Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9:30 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:33 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, MAY 3, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01MY8.REC D01MYPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD478 May 1, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Thursday, May 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Thursday, May 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Buck, Ken, Colo., E573 Cheney, Liz, Wyo., E576, E578, E579, E579 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E574 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E576 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E574, E576 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E578 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E573, E575 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E574 McCarthy, Kevin, Calif., E573 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E574 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E573 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E574 Sherman, Brad, Calif., E577 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E577 Valadao, David G., Calif., E575 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E577 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E575, E578 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E574 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:31 May 02, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01MY8.REC D01MYPT1