Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3937 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 No. 79 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 15, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable D
AVID K
USTOFF to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
IRONTON-LAWRENCE COUNTY MEMORIAL DAY PARADE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Nation’s oldest, continuously running Memorial Day parade, the Ironton-Lawrence County Memorial Day Parade. In 1868, the Grand Army of the Re-public established May 30 as Decora-tion Day, later changed to Memorial Day, to commemorate soldiers who died during the Civil War. It was in 1868 that Ironton held their first parade, and 2018 marks 150 straight years of honoring America’s fallen heroes. Ironton and Lawrence County have a long association with America’s mili-tary. Lawrence County was named for James Lawrence, a naval hero who commanded the USS Chesapeake. It was Lawrence’s dying command during a naval conflict against the British that is still remembered today: ‘‘Don’t give up the ship.’’ The 40 members of the parade com-mittee work year round to organize the event, which has 12 separate divisions and draws tens of thousands of visitors annually. I commend the committee and the people of Lawrence County for their steadfast commitment to remem-bering and honoring American heroes over the last 150 years. f 
HONORING THE 2018 EDUCATIONAL AWARD PROGRAM WINNERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the 2018 winners of my of-fice’s Educational Award Program. Each year, my office recognizes stu-dents who have shown their continued dedication to excelling academically, leading in their schools, and improving in their communities. Since 2015, we have recognized 91 juniors and seniors from 29 high schools across Arkansas’ Second Congressional District. These students have continuously dem-onstrated a strong commitment to community service, leadership, team-work, and high academic achievement. It is my sincere hope that the receipt of this award serves not only as an hon-orarium for these exceptional students, but also as motivation for other cen-tral Arkansas students to strive for the highest levels of excellence both in and out of the classroom. I wish them all the best as they continue their studies. RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF EDWARD  
POLETTI  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Ed-ward Poletti, chief of learning re-sources at Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System. The Library of Congress’ Federal Li-brary and Information Network has awarded Mr. Poletti with its Federal Librarian of the Year Award. Along with this honor, his name will be added to a perpetual plaque listing each year’s recipients. Mr. Poletti is being awarded for his skill in survey designs, statistics, and for providing his statis-tical talents to many other librarians needing assistance with data interpre-tation and survey design. He is also receiving the Lois Ann Colaianni Award for Excellence and Achievement in Hospital Librarianship from the Medical Library Association. I honor Mr. Poletti’s 36 years of serv-ice as a Federal librarian, assisting so many throughout Arkansas and the Nation. 
RECOGNIZING SUSAN COOKUS , NATIONAL FEMALE  
VOLUNTEER OF THE YEAR  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Susan Cookus of the Cen-tral Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System for being named National Fe-male Volunteer of the Year. The National Advisory Committee of the Department of Veterans Affairs Voluntary Service named Ms. Cookus the National Female Volunteer of the Year after reviewing nomination let-ters from the Central Arkansas VA and from our veterans in central Arkansas. Susan’s dedication and service to vet-erans and their needs have earned her a great deal of appreciation, recognition, and respect over the years. Ms. Cookus is also a member of the Soldiers’ Angels, a Texas-based non-profit that provides aid and comfort to the men and women of the U.S. armed services, their families, and an expand-ing veteran population. Ms. Cookus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.000 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3938 May 15, 2018 
volunteered more than 570 hours and helped distribute more than $720,000 in donations in the past year brought in by Soldiers’ Angels. There is no one more deserving of this award, and I am proud to have such a dedicated member of my district volunteering and helping our veterans. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFELONG SERVICE OF ESTHER  
CRAWFORD AND EMMA WILBERT  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the lifelong service of two constituents of mine, Esther Crawford and Emma Wilbert, both of whom were recently inducted into the North Little Rock, Arkansas, Senior Citizens Hall of Fame. Esther serves as a board member for the North Little Rock Education Foun-dation and the William F. Laman Pub-lic Library. She has earned the des-ignation of Most Vital Pal at the Win-throp P. Rockefeller Cancer Institute for all of her help to their multiple myeloma patients. Emma serves as activity director at the Campus Towers’ senior public hous-ing facility in North Little Rock, after she retired from a 28-year career with the U.S. Postal Service. She was elect-ed as vice queen for the Hays Senior Citizens Center’s Red Hat Society chapter for 7 years and serves in both the sanctuary choir and nursing home ministry of Greater Second Baptist Church in Little Rock. Senior Hall of Fame selections are bestowed every 2 years on individuals for their significant contributions to North Little Rock, Arkansas’ senior citizens. I congratulate them. 
f 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF ROSENSTIEL SCHOOL OF MARINE AND ATMOSPHERIC SCIENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, this year, my alma mater, the Univer-sity of Miami, celebrates the 75th anni-versary of the Rosenstiel School of Ma-rine and Atmospheric Science. Early on, in 1943, UM recognized the need to advance the field of oceano-graphic research, establishing what was known then as the UM Marine Laboratory in a small boathouse on Belle Isle in Miami Beach. Fast-forward to today. UM’s Rosenstiel School has transformed into one of the world’s premier marine and atmospheric research institutions, in-cluding developing state-of-the-art ap-proaches to tackling some of today’s most pressing environmental problems. This vital research includes coral reef restoration and sustainable fishing studies that have had a positive impact on south Florida as a community and as stewards of our fragile environment. UM’s efforts help ensure that future generations enjoy our unique and beau-tiful oceans for centuries to come. I would like to congratulate UM Rosenstiel students and the staff, both past and present, for their commitment to oceanographic and atmospheric re-search and for the work that has made it this wonderful institution that it is today. So happy 75th. Go Canes. HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF STANLEY  
TATE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a prominent fig-ure of not only our south Florida com-munity, but of the entire Nation, Mr. Stanley Tate. A Miami-Dade County native, Stanley Tate has been success-ful in many roles, including business-man, civic leader, and public servant. Not long after Stanley graduated from college, he founded a general con-tracting firm building private homes and apartment buildings. As a young and driven newcomer to the industry, Stanley quickly became well-known and respected for his quality work, and he has continuously expanded upon his success. Stanley also knew that he could make a great, positive impact in our community and beyond by involving himself in public service. He served with the city council of Bay Harbor Is-lands in several capacities, including mayor and assistant mayor for 20 years. He also served on the board of directors of the Florida League of Cit-ies and is a former chairman of the housing resource team for Metro-Dade County. It is because of his vast knowledge and proficiency that Stanley was in-vited several times to testify here in D.C. before committees in both the House and the Senate regarding hous-ing and banking issues. Stanley was also appointed by President George Herbert Walker Bush to be the chair-man of the National Advisory Board of the Resolution Trust Corporation, and he was then nominated by President Clinton to be the president of the RTC. Stanley and I share the belief that every family should be provided a way to save for their child’s higher edu-cation, so I was proud to partner with Stanley to help his vision become a re-ality with the Florida Prepaid College Plan. It was his tenure in the early de-velopments of the program that helped ensure the program’s viability and suc-cess. In recognition of Stanley’s ef-forts, then-Governor Jeb Bush renamed the program the Stanley G. Tate Flor-ida Prepaid College Program. As a believer in the Jewish faith, Stanley has always been active in the Miami Jewish community and was a strong and early supporter of our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. Stanley served as chairman of the Greater Miami Jewish Federation and has been heavily involved in the Amer-ican Israel Public Affairs Committee, or AIPAC, since the very start. Mr. Speaker, throughout his life, Stanley has selflessly devoted himself to give back to others. So, thank you, Stanley Tate, for your commitment to bettering the lives of so many in our community and our great Nation. I am so proud to call you mi amigo, my friend. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ILSON of South Caro-lina) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You look upon our world: men and women being born and being laid to rest, some getting married and others getting divorced, the old and the young, the rich and the poor, the happy and the sad. There are so many who are aimless, despairing, hateful, and kill-ing, so many sick and undernourished, so many struggling with life who find it hard to see meaning. Send us Your spirit, that the issues of our day might be met with compas-sion by the Members of this House, and all who serve to improve the conditions of our shared humanity. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
ANKS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BANKS of Indiana led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
REPEAL OF WATERWAY REGULATION (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, as we debate the farm bill this week, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.003 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3939 May 15, 2018 
the House has an opportunity to per-manently eliminate one of the worst examples of runaway government and unaccountable bureaucracy by the Obama administration. The 2015 waters of the United States rule, better known as WOTUS, is harm-ful to farmers and agricultural pro-ducers in Indiana and across the coun-try. This rule gives unelected bureau-crats at the EPA the power to broadly interpret what is a navigable water-way. This rule can be interpreted in a way that even a puddle can be consid-ered a navigable waterway subject to Federal regulation. I am proud to represent nearly 12,000 farms in northeast Indiana, and each and every one of these operations could be subject to this overreaching rule. At a time of falling commodity prices, the last thing that Hoosier farmers need is an ambiguous, broad, and costly gov-ernment decree that seeks to regulate nearly every aspect of their operation. I applaud efforts by the Trump ad-ministration to delay this damaging rule, but it is time to permanently re-peal WOTUS. I urge my colleagues to support its elimination as Congress considers the farm bill this week. 
f 
ALLOWING DEAF CITIZENS TO SERVE IN THE MILITARY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, Keith Nolan’s dream was to be a military of-ficer. He excelled at the first two levels of Army ROTC and was preparing to take the next step when he was told that he could not continue because he failed the hearing portion of a military medical exam. This is not at all surprising, because Keith Nolan is deaf. The United States does not allow the deaf community to serve in the military, unlike other na-tions that allow deaf citizens to serve. Despite Keith’s passion and despite our attempts to establish a demonstra-tion program to prove that the deaf community is entirely capable of con-tributing to our military, Keith does not have the opportunity to serve his country. Today, I am mourning for Keith and for the country, which lost out on his service. But I want to celebrate his passion and his dedication to expand-ing civil rights for the deaf commu-nity. He has taken this rejection in stride, creating an ROTC program at the Maryland School for the Deaf. I am once again calling for a demonstration program that gives the deaf commu-nity a chance to defend the country they love. 
f 
HISTORIC EMBASSY IN JERUSALEM (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend I was grateful to lead a congressional delegation to Je-rusalem, where we met yesterday with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Knesset Foreign Affairs Chairman Avi Dichter, while we attended the opening of the U.S. Embassy in Jeru-salem, ably coordinated by Ambassador David Friedman with Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner. Sadly, some threaten Israel’s legit-imacy, but the opening of the U.S. Em-bassy in Jerusalem, with the courage of President Donald Trump, provides validity to the State of Israel and their inherent right to determine their own capital. America’s bond with Israel is unique. And its strength is the foundation of American leadership in the Middle East for peace. By moving the embassy to Jerusalem and promoting Israel’s permanency, the world is safer for American families. And I appreciate the opportunity to have been there for this historic achievement with Presi-dent Trump fulfilling his promises. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Best wishes for a speedy recovery for the Congressman from Maryland, AN-
THONY BROWN . 
f 
RECOGNIZING DETECTIVE MIOSOTIS FAMILIA (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of New York City Police Department Detective Miosotis Familia. Unfortunately, Miosotis was the first Dominican-American female officer killed in the line of duty in New York City. During National Police Week and Peace Officers Memorial Day, I want to celebrate and commemorate Detective Familia. She, along with her law en-forcement peers in New York and across the country, was memorialized at the National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial. Detective Familia, as a Dominican- American coming from a family of im-migrants to the United States, and her commitment to public service speaks volumes of the benefits and sacrifice that she and fellow immigrants and people of color continue to make in the United States, despite the over-whelming anti-immigrant rhetoric that exists in today’s political climate. Immigrant communities continue to play a vital role in every aspect of American life. As the first Dominican- American elected to Congress, I under-stand that service to country and com-munity is not limited by one race or ethnicity, as did Defective Familia. I have represented the Familia fam-ily for over 22 years, both in the State legislature and now in Congress. This is a somber moment, but one that de-mands our recognition of the tremen-dous service that Detective Familia gave to her community. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join so many of my colleagues in recognizing National Police Week. These days, it seems like our uni-formed officers don’t always receive the respect and admiration they de-serve, making this week all the more important in my mind. I am especially thankful for Officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner, who, as everyone in this Chamber knows, saved many lives when they took down an armed gunman at last year’s base-ball practice. Our law enforcement officers now deal with this type of threat on a daily basis, sometimes even from deranged individuals who specifically want to kill cops. There were 135 officers killed in the line of duty last year, but unlike me and you, they know the risks when they go to work in the morning, and they accept them. For these men and women who wear the badge each day and dedicate their lives to making our communities a bet-ter place, it must often feel like a thankless job. Well, not today. I want every law en-forcement officer around the country to know that you are appreciated and you are admired. Thank you for every-thing you do, and God bless you and keep you safe in your duties. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana). Under clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair announces to the House that, in light of the resignation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT), the whole number of the House is 428. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 14, 2018, at 10:28 a.m.: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.005 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3940 May 15, 2018 
That the Senate passed with an amend-ment H.R. 931. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 15, 2018, at 11:43 a.m.: Appointment: United States Commission on Inter-national Religious Freedom. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3:45 today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1552 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio) at 3 o’clock and 52 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
LIEUTENANT OSVALDO ALBARATI CORRECTIONAL OFFICER SELF- PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 613) to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institu-tion provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 613 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self- Protection Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–277; 118 Stat. 865) gives certain law enforcement officers, in-cluding certain correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons, the right to carry a con-cealed firearm in all 50 States for self-protec-tion; (2) the purpose of that Act is to allow cer-tain law enforcement officers to protect themselves while off duty; (3) correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons have been the targets of assaults and murders while off duty; and (4) while that Act allows certain law en-forcement officers to protect themselves off duty, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons allows correctional officers of the Bureau of Prisons to securely store personal firearms at only 31 Federal penal and correctional in-stitutions while at work. 
SEC. 3. SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Secure firearms storage ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means a qualified law enforcement officer employed by the Bu-reau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) the terms ‘firearm’ and ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ have the meanings given those terms under section 926B. ‘‘(b) S
ECURE FIREARMS STORAGE .—The Di- rector of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution— ‘‘(1)(A) provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the institution for employees to store firearms; or ‘‘(B) allows employees to store firearms in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regulations), allows em-ployees to carry concealed firearms on the premises outside of the secure perimeter of the institution.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4050. Secure firearms storage.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 613, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, in 2004 Congress passed and President Bush signed into law the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act, LEOSA. LEOSA allows certain law en-forcement officers, including correc-tional officers of the Bureau of Prisons, the right to carry a concealed firearm throughout the United States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and all other U.S. terri-tories for self-defense and the defense of others. LEOSA also allows law en-forcement officers to carry their fire-arms while off duty. These laws help keep citizens safe, but there is still room for improve-ment. For example, the Bureau of Pris-ons does not permit its correctional of-ficers to safely store their personal firearms in a secure locker at its facili-ties, and employees are otherwise pro-hibited from storing them in their per-sonal vehicles while parked on Bureau of Prisons property. This leaves correc-tional workers vulnerable to attack during their commutes to and from work. Sadly, an attack on a correctional of-ficer while commuting to or from a prison is not a hypothetical situation. On the evening of February 26, 2013, Bu-reau of Prisons Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati was ambushed and murdered while on his way home from work. According to court documents, the shooting was a hit ordered by Federal inmates housed at the Metropolitan Detention Center, Guaynabo, Puerto Rico. Authorities believe that Lieuten-ant Albarati’s murder was a direct re-sult of his work at the prison; specifi-cally, in retaliation for his investiga-tions into cell phone smuggling at the MDC and the seizure of contraband. Lieutenant Albarati was ambushed during his drive home, shot 16 times, and died at the scene. He was 39 years old. On January 28, 2015, a Federal grand jury in the District of Puerto Rico re-turned a six-count indictment charging nine individuals for the murder of Lieutenant Albarati. In January of 2016, Federal prosecutors notified the district court of their intention to seek the death penalty. Trial preparation is ongoing in that case. Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant Albarati’s family has yet to receive justice for this senseless, despicable act, but we, as a legislative body, can do our best to ensure this never happens again. To that end, H.R. 613 makes a common-sense amendment to Federal law to ad-dress the problem highlighted by this tragedy. This bipartisan bill, cosponsored by 54 of our colleagues, would direct the Bureau of Prisons to provide a secure storage area located outside the secure perimeter of each Bureau of Prisons fa-cility where correctional officers will be able to store their personal firearms and allow employees to store firearms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.002 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3941 May 15, 2018 
in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Bureau of Prisons. This is important, reasonable legisla-tion. With its passage, the House hon-ors the life of a brave man who served his community faithfully and one day made the ultimate sacrifice. I want to thank the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) for in-troducing this legislation. I also want to thank Lieutenant Albarati’s widow, Helen, who is here with us today in the gallery, for her tireless efforts to en-sure her husband’s death was not in vain. We salute you and we thank you. Mr. Speaker, as we begin the 2018 Po-lice Week, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. Let us do our best to pro-tect those who protect us. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from refer-ring to occupants in the gallery. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act of 2017. I support this bipartisan and commonsense bill to facilitate the ability of Federal Bureau of Prisons correctional officers to carry personal firearms for protection as they com-mute to and from their jobs. This bill would allow the Bureau’s correctional officers to protect them-selves without jeopardizing the safety and the security of the facilities in which they work. Currently, Bureau of Prisons correc-tional officers are authorized to carry concealed firearms for self-protection while off duty under the Law Enforce-ment Officers Safety Act, and this bill doesn’t alter that existing privilege. Instead, because there is no mecha-nism today to allow these correctional officers to store firearms that they might carry during their commutes to and from work, they are precluded from bringing their personal firearms onto the premises of these facilities and are therefore, in effect, precluded from carrying firearms for personal protection as they travel to and from the workplace. To address this problem, H.R. 613 re-quires the Bureau of Prisons to allow properly qualified correctional officers to bring their firearms onto the prem-ises of Bureau facilities in a manner that minimizes possible security and safety risks. b1600 The Bureau would be required to ei-ther provide correctional officers with a secure storage area for their firearms located outside the secure perimeter of the prison or allow the officers to store their firearms in vehicle lockboxes ap-proved by the Bureau. Without question, correctional offi-cers perform an essential and, indeed, an indispensable function within our criminal justice system, and we depend on them to keep all of our facilities safe, secure, and efficiently run for ev-eryone. For some correctional officers, the inability to carry a firearm to and from work could leave them vulnerable to someone attempting to do them harm. This bill is named, as my distin-guished colleague from Virginia said, in honor of Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati, a Bureau officer who was am-bushed and murdered as he drove home from his job at a Bureau detention cen-ter. Lieutenant Albarati was specifi-cally targeted for the work he was doing at the institution. We hope this legislation will prevent any future lethal attack on our offi-cers. Accordingly, I would commend Mr. G
OODLATTE and others, the sponsor of the bill, for bringing this important measure forward, and I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act, and urge its im-mediate passage. Mr. Speaker, every year when we are back in the district I conduct over 300 meetings with constituents to under-stand some of the issues they are fac-ing. That might be from senior citi-zens, to nurses, to school teachers, to correctional officers. We do this on an annual basis to listen and learn and bring back their concerns, what is af-fecting them, back to Washington, so we can work on legislation. These meetings shape a large portion of the legislation our office works on. When student veterans in our district told us they were having problems using their GI Bill benefits to pay for their degrees, we came back and passed legislation to address that issue. When the story of correctional officer Eric Williams’ brutal murder was brought to our attention, we developed and passed legislation allowing officers to carry pepper spray, simple pepper spray, at all times. Now, when that was adopted, that might have prevented his death by inmates who took his life. Now, correctional officers in our dis-trict have brought us other concerns about being targeted when they finish their shift and leave prison for the day. We heard the story about how Lieuten-ant Albarati was targeted and brutally murdered on his way home from work at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Puerto Rico. All this was in retaliation for his in-vestigation into a cellphone smuggling ring that was occurring in the prison. He was targeted, shot, chased, and killed after leaving work that day. Correctional officers often find them-selves as targets, we are hearing, for retaliatory attacks for what they have done at work. Unfortunately, Bureau of Prison policy prohibits officers from carrying or storing their personal fire-arms at the Federal facility where they work or anywhere on the grounds. This bill requires that every Federal facility have a safe and secure area in which officers can store their personal firearms during their shift. With pas-sage of this bill, we will provide them with one more tool to ensure they make it home safely to their families every day, giving them the peace of mind that they can perform their du-ties and not worry about the after-math. Look, our Nation’s prison guards are often taken for granted. They are the forgotten men and women of America who face evil, and I mean that in the strongest way. They face evil every day to keep our communities safe. Today, we have the opportunity to honor Lieutenant Albarati for his serv-ice and weep with his widow and his three children for their loss. His sac-rifice, as the chairman said, must not be in vain. The lessons that we have learned can be used to prevent another tragedy like this from happening ever again. I thank the Judiciary Committee, its chairman, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and the House leadership for bringing H.R. 613 to the floor and urge all my colleagues to honor the memory of Lieutenant Albarati by voting ‘‘yes’’ and sending this bill to the Senate. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, as we rec-ognize our hardworking law enforce-ment officers across America this week and honor those, like Lieutenant Albarati, who have given their lives to keep the rest of us safe, I am very proud to reiterate my support for the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Criminal Justice Sub-committee, to control. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas will control the time. There was no objection. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we are just having some discussion about the order of bills. Thank you so very much for your indulgence. I want to ask if the ranking member has any additional speakers. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the chairman does not have any additional speakers. I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. First of all, let me thank Congress-man R
ASKIN for the diligent work that he has done on the Judiciary Com-mittee, as a whole, but particularly his assistance today for those of us who were flying in. This is a particularly important bill because I have just had the oppor-tunity to visit with corrections officers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.011 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3942 May 15, 2018 
in a correction center in New York. It was both an informational opportunity and tour of the facility, but also, it was enormously instructive. First, I want to honor Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati, correctional officer in the Self-Protection Act, and I want to thank the author of the legislation. It is clear that this is a very important addition to both respecting, and, as well, protecting correctional officers. It is a bipartisan, commonsense bill, as has been indicated, and specifically provides for Federal Bureau of Prisons correctional officers to carry personal firearms for protection as they com-mute to and from their jobs. Listening to these correctional offi-cers, sitting down with them, you know that there is a passion for their work. You also know that they want those who are incarcerated to do well, to re-store their lives, to be rehabilitated. So there is a mutual desire for a bet-terment of society, and I believe that this is important in as much as the story of Lieutenant Albarati is a sad one, for he was ambushed and mur-dered as he drove home from his job at a Bureau detention center, and he was specifically targeted for the work he did at the institution. So this is an important way of hon-oring him, but also recognizing, which we often don’t take note in this week of saluting our law enforcement offi-cers. Sometimes we do not acknowl-edge the correctional officers all throughout the Nation, and as well, those who are in State and local gov-ernment. I want to acknowledge them today as part of law enforcement and to indicate that this is an important component to making sure they are safe and that they go home safely to their families. I do want to say that I appreciate those correctional officers that met with me to discuss how to improve the correctional institution, the need for staffing, and the commitment that we will work together, getting informa-tion from them, and as well, providing the resources that they need. Let me make this final point: that our correctional officers are in all ju-risdictions. Some are in urban centers, some in rural areas. And so this legis-lation, obviously, will be guided by the appropriate laws that deal with the carrying of weapons in their jurisdic-tion. But the important point is that we provide them with a place to store those weapons so that they are safe within the laws of their particular area going to and fro. I think that is the least we can do. And I rise to support this legislation and to indicate that there are those of us who believe in real gun safety legis-lation, with no undermining of the Sec-ond Amendment, that can clearly see the correctness, if you will, and the rightness, if you will, of a common-sense approach to protecting individ-uals who are set to protect us or to do a law enforcement position. And for that reason, let me thank the author of the legislation, let me salute law enforcement officers this week, and take note of saluting the late Lieu-tenant Albarati, and all of those cor-rectional officers, and ask our col-leagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 613, the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act of 2017.’’ I support this bipartisan, commonsense bill, which will facilitate the ability of Federal Bu-reau of Prisons correctional officers to carry personal firearms for protection as they com-mute to and from their jobs. H.R. 613 would allow the Bureau’s correc-tional officers to protect themselves, if nec-essary, without jeopardizing the safety and se-curity of the facilities in which they work. Currently, Bureau of Prisons correctional of-ficers are authorized to carry concealed fire-arms for self-protection while off duty under the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act. This bill would not alter this existing privilege. Instead, because there currently is no mechanism to allow these correctional officers to store firearms they might carry during their commutes to and from Bureau of Prison facili-ties, they are precluded from bringing their personal firearms onto the premises of these facilities and are, in effect, thereby precluded from carrying firearms for personal protection as they travel to and from work. To address this issue, H.R. 613 would re-quire the Bureau of Prisons to allow properly qualified correctional officers to bring personal firearms onto the premises of Bureau facilities in a manner that minimizes any possible secu-rity or safety risks. The Bureau would be required to either pro-vide correctional officers with a secure storage area for their firearms—located outside the se-cure perimeter—or allow the officers to store their firearms in vehicle lockboxes approved by the Bureau. Without question, correctional officers per-form an essential function within our criminal justice system. And, we depend on them to ensure Bureau facilities are safe, secure, and managed efficiently. For some correctional officers, the inability to carry a firearm to and from work could leave them vulnerable to those who might seek to do them harm. In fact, this bill is named in honor of Lieu-tenant Osvaldo Albarati, a Bureau officer who was ambushed and murdered as he drove home from his job at a Bureau detention cen-ter. Lieutenant Albarati was specifically tar-geted for the work he did at the institution. So in honor of him and all other officers, this leg-islation is put forth, which will help prevent fu-ture lethal attacks on these officers. Accordingly, I commend my colleagues and others for bringing this important measure for-ward and encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I think it is very fit-ting, as we begin Police Week, that we pass this important piece of legislation that makes it very clear that our sworn officers, who keep people safe but risk their own lives and work in our Bureau of Prisons, have the oppor-tunity to have a firearm when they are traveling to and from work. It is not practical the way the cur-rent rules work. This law is vitally needed to help save lives. I know that Mrs. Albarati is here to see that that happens, and I commend her. I admire her courage, and we should not allow her husband’s life to be lost in vain. Let’s pass this legislation and make sure it doesn’t happen to others in the future. I urge my colleagues to vote for the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 613. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE THAT CONGRESS AND THE PRESIDENT SHOULD EMPOWER CREATION OF POLICE AND COM-MUNITY ALLIANCES Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 285) expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances de-signed to enhance and improve commu-nication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement com-munity and the public they serve. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 285 Whereas the United States of America was founded upon the principles of republican governance which include, but are not lim-ited to, an adherence to the rule of law; Whereas the American law enforcement community embodies society’s most salient defenders of the rule of law; Whereas the ability of the American law enforcement community to effectively pre-serve the rights of American citizens and up-hold the rule of law is predicated upon a healthy and collaborative relationship be-tween police officers and the communities they serve; Whereas police and community relations have recently experienced periods of strain, where mistrust and suspicion have come to dominate police and community interactions in many communities and undermine effec-tive policing strategies and public safety; Whereas the legitimate concerns of citi-zens as well as those of the law enforcement community are not always well understood by each respective constituency; and Whereas an open, constructive, and mutu-ally respectful dialogue meant to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.012 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3943 May 15, 2018 
these legitimate concerns can dramatically improve police and community relations, im-prove public safety, and engage all of soci-ety’s stakeholders: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of po-lice and community alliances designed to en-hance and improve communication and col-laboration between members of the law en-forcement community and the public they serve. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H. Res. 285, cur-rently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased the House is considering this resolution today, which highlights the critical need to strengthen rela-tionships between police departments and the communities they serve. This resolution, cosponsored by the gentleman from the great Common-wealth of Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ), ex-presses the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alli-ances designed to enhance and improve communication and collaboration be-tween members of the law enforcement community and the public. Over the past several years, our country has witnessed the tension be-tween certain police departments and communities come to a head. We have seen communities grieve over the loss of young men killed in police shoot-ings. At the same time, we have seen a concerning spike in ambush attacks on police officers. We have heard com-plaints from communities about not being able to trust the police. We have also heard complaints from police that certain communities will not help the police in investigating the violent crimes that plague those very commu-nities. b1615 To address this strain and divide, in July 2016, the Judiciary Committee es-tablished the bipartisan Policing Strat-egies Working Group. This group has held several roundtables and traveled around the country to speak to police departments and community leaders. Our objective is to examine police ac-countability, aggregation towards law enforcement, and public safety con-cerns. Our work to highlight and ad-dress these issues is ongoing. H. Res. 285 continues this progress by publicly supporting the creation of community-police alliances so that perhaps one day we can come to a point where there is no divide between the police and the communities they serve, no longer a sense of profound mistrust, no longer any sort of us versus them mentality. When it comes to protecting and serving the community, there shouldn’t be sides. We hope for a day when everyone can realize that police departments and community leaders seek the same goals: peace, prosperity, and safety. We hope that this resolu-tion and our continued work on the Po-licing Strategies Working Group and the Judiciary Committee helps to con-tinue the progress the country is mak-ing. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. TAYLOR for introducing this resolution, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, as we all know, this is the week that we take a special mo-ment to honor those who put on the uniform to provide safety and security for the civilian population here in the United States called police persons, law enforcement, sheriffs, constables, and Federal officers. It is to recognize the importance, in a society of laws, to have individuals willing to sacrifice and to put the uniform on without question of their safety or security but, as well, be reminded of the responsibil-ities of adhering to the Constitution of the United States. That is, by and large, the mantra, the standards uti-lized by law enforcement officers across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 285, a resolution expressing the sense of the House that Congress and the Presi-dent should empower the creation of police and community alliances. I might put a few balloons in celebration because many of us remember those beautiful pictures of a little child hold-ing the hand of an individual with a law enforcement uniform on. This resolution seeks to enhance and improve collaboration between the law enforcement community and the pub-lic. I salute that. It is fitting that we have this resolution during National Police Week where families gather to mourn, but, as well, to celebrate, where officers come to be acknowledged by their nation, and where we acknowl-edge the brave men and women who give so much of themselves to keep us safe. I support thoughtful measures that provide mechanisms to enhance re-sources that will allow our law enforce-ment officers to serve their commu-nities effectively. That is why I hope to introduce, with a number of my col-leagues, the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act, which creates and provides a distinctive medallion, as one of its provisions, to be issued to the survivors of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty or memorial-ized on the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. Remember, the family is very much a part of the service that these individ-uals give, and I meet them all the time, sometimes under conditions that I wish I did not, but I also know how much they contribute to the community. The Law Enforcement Trust and In-tegrity Act also takes a comprehensive approach to help foster healthy rela-tionships between law enforcement and communities by implementing best practices focused on effective training and deescalation, recruitment, hiring, and oversight. I think those are ele-ments that can be very important to protecting our law enforcement and our community. Our country was founded on some fundamental principles; among those is the rule of law. But the rule of law de-pends on the ability of the public to trust law enforcement, conversely, on the capacity of law enforcement to carry out their work while preserving the rights of those whom we serve. The best combination is, as this reso-lution intends, strong community po-lice relations, working together, be-cause there are enough bad guys that the help of the community can cer-tainly help our law enforcement offi-cers. For those strained relations that have occurred at different periods over the last couple of years, we want to, in particular, be able to work to give re-sources and training—as I said, best practices of deescalation—and also to help recruit in diverse communities to be able to provide that good working relationship with law enforcement all throughout. We have seen diversity in law en-forcement. In Texas, of course, we have a number of layered law enforcement from police, to sheriffs, to constables, to the Texas State rangers. All of these individuals give opportunities for young people to participate in the law enforcement arena on the local level. In an effort to address these concerns last November, I, along with a bipar-tisan group of legislators, hosted a briefing with the American Psycho-logical Association, titled, ‘‘Improving Police-Community Relations: Psycho-logical Perspectives.’’ The briefing ex-plored how improving relations be-tween law enforcement and commu-nities of color can reduce violence be-tween police and the public. One of the speakers discussed the psychological implications of policies that have, to my appreciation, been stopped and not utilized, such as stop- and-frisk, that was facing a number of communities differently from others. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. T
AYLOR  and the cosponsors of H. Res. 285 for bringing it forward because we can al-ways find ways on a two-way street. That is what this resolution talks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.005 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3944 May 15, 2018 
about, a two-way street. I look forward to creating that two-way street with the passage of this resolution and to including in the discussions different aspects of different and unique commu-nities in our Nation. We are richly diverse: communities of color, those with different lan-guages, new status immigrants, and communities of different economic lev-els. Dialogue generates peace, so I ask my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I thank the author of the legislation and the cosponsors, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. T
AYLOR ), the chief spon-sor of this legislation. Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Police Week, which encom-passes many events and brings thou-sands of survivors, supporters, and law enforcement officers to our Nation’s Capital. Today is Peace Officers Memo-rial Day. Mr. Speaker, I am not naive to the fact that my words today don’t hold a candle to the witness or the words we can no longer hear of the valiant men and women who sacrificed it all for our communities. However, we must honor them not simply for them, but for us, for our very society’s structure is built on a foundation of rule of law. We must continue to strengthen it and inspire our descendants for generations to come to rise up and serve in uniform. There is nothing small about the big task it takes to keep the peace, protect the people, and uphold that thin blue line. Mr. Speaker, today I also rise in sup-port of H. Res. 285, to express the deep desire of this Congress to mend any rift, to build any bridge, and to teach any lesson between law enforcement and the communities that they serve. Whether Black, Brown, White, gay, straight, rich, or poor, our country’s courageous law enforcement officers are a rare breed of man or woman who run to the sound of danger. They are part of the very fabric of this Nation. Indeed, without their and their fam-ily’s sacrifices, our society would most certainly be torn apart with the dark-est of our human impulses. Their higher purpose and profession has been invaded by politics. Sure, there are bad apples who must be weed-ed out with accountability for an im-perfect system. During this Police Week, let us come together, like we do in unity of our prayer and of our pledge to this great Nation. H. Res. 285 encourages us to do better as a society. Law enforcement officers could always work harder on putting themselves in the shoes of skeptical people in the community to understand why there is fear, why some see the law as opposition rather than the same team, and why they may see, in their lives, that upholding the law is a curse rather than a blessing. And, my fellow Americans, we must do better. We in the neighborhoods have to try to look through the eyes of law en-forcement men and women who seek to protect us, help them understand where we are coming from, educate ourselves on the law, and show more respect for it. We must create more bonds, build more trust, and teach more communication, not blow up the very relationships that matter for our-selves, for our safety, and for our secu-rity. H. Res. 285 states that the U.S. Gov-ernment should place more weight be-tween the creation of police and com-munity alliances that are designed to enhance and improve the causes of communication and collaboration be-tween the members of both groups. Mr. Speaker, I know there is much concern and divide in our country right now on this topic, but we can choose to move in that dangerous direction as a nation divided into our respective camps. We can follow in the footsteps of other parts of the world and some of our own episodes in the past, with both sides contributing to people fearing for their safety and causing unnecessary injuries or even death, or we can real-ize that we are all on the same side and have civil conversations and express our concerns and questions without the stain of ugliness that has been far too common. Never should one feel scared of those in uniform because of the color of their skin, the style of their clothes, or what side of town they come from, and never should one of the 99.9 percent of law en-forcement officers in good standing be subjected to disrespect, noncoopera-tion, or unnecessary fear for their own lives. Let us start and always believe that all of us support the rule of law and that each of us truly cares about our causes, our community, and our country. H. Res. 285 acknowledges the great work that law enforcement officers do to keep their communities safe, and it pushes for an increase of dialogue sur-rounding legitimate concerns within the community and, in turn, our coun-try. Mr. Speaker, we have faced difficult times in our past and there will be dif-ficult times in our future, but I believe in the resiliency of this Nation. I be-lieve our checks and balances realign over time and are lasting. Most of all, I believe in our people, that, ulti-mately, the push and pull of freedom under the rule of law and debate and democracy are what strengthens us, our culture, and our society. Let us choose to engage as one team. Let us always be calm, for calm is con-tagious. It will help us better serve each other and understand each other. In doing so, we shall rise together as one nation under God. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan resolution, H. Res. 285. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), well known for his commitment to first responders throughout the Nation. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to associate my-self with the words of S
COTT TAYLOR , the Congressman from Virginia. This is National Police Week. I would like to see the passage of H. Res. 285. As a lead Democratic sponsor of this legislation and co-chair of the Congres-sional Law Enforcement Caucus, I know the importance of enhancing and improving communication and collabo-ration between members of the law en-forcement community and the public they serve. Thousands of law enforcement offi-cers and their families have traveled to Washington, D.C., this week to pay tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice. While we give thanks every day to the men and women serving and protecting our communities, this week is a perfect opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to show America’s law enforcement that we have their back here in the Congress of the United States and around the country. Every day our Nation’s law enforce-ment officers put their lives on the line to protect our families, our friends, our children, our neighbors, and our com-munities. The brave men and women who wear the badge understand the dangers of their job, but they heed the call to serve and willingly face those risks in order to create safe commu-nities for all of us. Tragically, 360 names will be added to the National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial here in Washington, D.C., this year; 129 of those lost their lives in the line of duty last year. Every name added heard the call to protect and serve and made the ulti-mate sacrifice, leaving behind family, friends, brothers and sisters in arms, and their communities. b1630 As we remember and pay tribute for their ultimate sacrifice, we acknowl-edge the dangers inherent in the job our law enforcement officers do every day. This resolution before us recognizes the bravery and sacrifices of the men and women in blue. It recognizes that we must do more to enhance and im-prove communication and collabora-tion between members of the law en-forcement community and the public they serve. It is my hope that during this Police Week, we can come together to honor the sacrifices made by law enforce-ment. Mr. Speaker, I thank the other lead sponsors, including Congressman S
COTT T
AYLOR , TOMO’HALLERAN , and the Re-publican co-chair of the Law Enforce-ment Caucus, D
AVID REICHERT . Four-teen years we have been co-chairs. We are going to miss him when he leaves us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.017 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3945 May 15, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for bringing this resolution to the floor, and I ask for a big vote on H. Res. 285. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I do not have any additional speakers and am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) and the Law Enforcement Caucus, Mr. R
EICHERT , and I pay tribute to his serv-ice. Certainly, Mr. P
ASCRELL has been on the front lines for a very long time, and I have been delighted to join him, first, when we were on the Homeland Security Committee and then con-tinuing on the caucuses that deal with our first responders across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, let me indicate to my colleagues that I also rise in support of H. Res. 285, and to thank Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , Mr. T AYLOR , and to also rein-force what I hope will be a worthy dis-cussion going forward on the Law En-forcement Trust and Integrity Act, which has a wide range of civil rights groups and police groups who are al-ready beginning to support us. This resolution has been introduced before, and we were lucky enough to get a number of good cosponsors of or-ganizations who believe in our commu-nity-police cooperation. I happen to come from Houston, where our first African-American po-lice chief was Lee Brown, who is known as the father of community-oriented policing, which is the premise, I be-lieve, of this resolution, getting to know your officers, engaging with your officers, and finding a way to empower both police and community working together. The Law Enforcement Trust and In-tegrity Act, which I look forward to working with the ranking member of the full committee and ranking mem-ber of the subcommittee and the chair-man of the full committee and the chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, deals with accredi-tation, deals with development pro-grams that are helpful to law enforce-ment, processes to address questions raised, and as well the medallion for the family members’ collection of data, and, what I like, the professional train-ing funding that will come about for additional professional training that many of the departments would long for and welcomed when we began to discuss it. So H. Res. 285 is a very important statement being made that I hope that all of the Members will join, too, and that is that we need good police-com-munity relations. We need to develop and empower the creation of police and community alliances. We do it in Houston, Texas. We have layered officers. Most people have never heard of constables. We have them in Texas. The rangers, we still have the rangers with historic history. We have our police in the different cit-ies and counties and small towns, and then we have the deputy sheriffs and sheriffs in our counties all throughout. Many of these organizations do public service and barbecues. Certainly we all gather together when we have a person fallen in duty, and as well we continue to work when there is a tragedy deal-ing with a civilian as well. We must do everything we can to im-prove the relationship between law en-forcement and the communities we serve. Research shows that in order to succeed, we must expend the resources needed to improve communication and collaboration between law enforcement and the public. There will be many officers up this week. We should see all of them and en-gage in a friendly and welcoming way. We should reinforce the value of having a Nation of laws and those who enforce it, that we are also neighbors, and that we should look forward to increased community-police interaction and rela-tionships. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this resolution and let us work together for good in a Nation as great as America is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this is a good resolution. I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). The question is on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 285. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative. The ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
JUSTICE SERVED ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4854) to amend the DNA Anal-ysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4854 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. PROSECUTION OF DNA COLD CASES. 
(a) D EBBIE SMITH DNA B ACKLOG GRANT  P
ROGRAM .—Section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) To increase the capacity of State and local prosecution offices to address the back-log of violent crime cases in which suspects have been identified through DNA evi-dence.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ALLOCATION OF GRANT AWARDS FOR  
PROSECUTORS .—For each fiscal year, not less than 5 percent, but not more than 7 percent, of the grant amounts distributed under para-graph (1) shall, if sufficient applications to justify such amounts are received by the At-torney General, be awarded for purposes de-scribed in subsection (a)(9), provided that none of the funds required to be distributed under this paragraph shall decrease or other-wise limit the availability of funds required to be awarded to States or units of local gov-ernment under paragraph (3).’’. (b) P
ROSECUTION OF COLD CASES.—Of the amounts made available to the Attorney General for a DNA Analysis and capacity en-hancement program and for other local, State, and Federal forensic activities for the purpose described in section 2 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40701) under the heading ‘‘
STATE AND  
LOCAL LAW ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE ’’ under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF JUSTICE PROGRAMS ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF JUS-TICE’’ in fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022, not less than 5 percent, but not more than 7 percent, of such amounts shall be pro-vided for grants for prosecutors to increase the capacity of State and local prosecution offices to address cold cases involving vio-lent crime, where suspects have been identi-fied through DNA evidence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4854, currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act of 2018, introduced by the gentleman from Texas, Judge C
ARTER . All of us in this body are familiar with Debbie Smith and the tragedy of her attack and the triumph of the law that bears her name. Many of us have had the pleasure of meeting Debbie and her husband, Rob, and hearing her story firsthand. The Debbie Smith Act was the Na-tion’s first piece of legislation aimed at ending the DNA backlog that plagued our State crime labs. The Debbie Smith DNA Backlog Grant Program was created in 2004, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.020 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3946 May 15, 2018 
since then it has enabled States to process more than 725,000 cases and upload more than 327,000 DNA profiles into the FBI’s Combined DNA Index System, or CODIS. I had the honor to be the chief sponsor of the Debbie Smith Reauthorization Act of 2014. When Judge C
ARTER reached out to me about this bill, I was encouraged, but I also wanted to know how Debbie Smith felt about it. I learned that not only did she support it, she and others helped craft it. When we reached out to Debbie and Rob to get their thoughts on the bill, they stated, ‘‘getting hits doesn’t mean as much if we cannot prosecute.’’ I agree with Debbie and Judge C
ARTER  on this very important point. The bill in front of us today makes a very small but important change to the Debbie Smith Act. That small change will increase the capacity of prosecu-tors to address the backlog of violent crime cases involving suspects identi-fied through DNA evidence. This bill will allow victims of crime and their families to receive justice by giving prosecutors the tools they need to in-vestigate, solve, and close cold cases. That small, but vitally important, change is why the Justice Served Act of 2018 is endorsed by the National Dis-trict Attorneys Association; Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network; Debbie Smith; Major County Sheriffs of America; Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association; Sergeants Benev-olent Association; the Fraternal Order of Police; the National Association of Police Organizations; Consortium of Forensic Science Organizations; Joyful Heart Association; the National Alli-ance to End Sexual Violence; the Major Cities Chiefs; and the National Crimi-nal Justice Association. We in this body should join these or-ganizations in supporting this very im-portant piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Texas, Judge C
ARTER , for introducing this legislation and all of his hard work in supporting it. To paraphrase Debbie and Rob, get-ting a hit is nice, but ensuring justice is served is better. Mr. Speaker, please join me in sup-porting the Justice Served Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, let me, from the begin-ning, acknowledge the ranking member for being on the floor on these impor-tant bills during this police and law en-forcement week in commemoration. This week is one of the weeks that, over the years, all of us as Members have enjoyed the most, seeing a lot of our law enforcement representatives from our hometown jurisdiction and just seeing them from all over the Na-tion. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act of 2018. I thank my colleague, Mr. P
ASCRELL , my fellow Texan, Judge CARTER , and other Members for bringing this forward. This legislation would help ensure that prosecutors have the resources to go after perpetrators of violent crimes, specifically those who have been iden-tified by DNA evidence. I want to just say that again, Mr. Speaker, violent crimes, which leave in their wake ei-ther the bloody loss of life or some vic-tim that is ruined for life because of the viciousness of the crime, some of them children, families, the elderly. This is a very important element of law enforcement, the fair investigation of crimes and bringing forward the per-petrator in a fair and just and constitu-tional manner. To do so, they need tools. Congress has appropriated over $100 million per year for the last decade to reduce the DNA backlogs and im-prove crime laboratory capacity. The Justice Served Act of 2018 does something unique. It capitalizes on these investments by allowing a por-tion of the Debbie Smith Grant Pro-gram to be allocated to prosecute per-petrators of violent crimes. Mr. G
OODLATTE is right. I remember meeting Ms. S
MITH and the tragedy that she faced, but also the way in which she wanted to commit to making life better for many others. I thanked her for that as she appeared before our committee in years past. According to FBI data, over 1 million people were victims of violent crimes nationwide in 2016. And in many of these cases, especially cases involving sexual violence, DNA evidence is a cru-cial component of prosecuting the per-petrators. The Judiciary Committee is about to begin its effort of reauthorizing the Vi-olence Against Women Act, which my office has worked extensively with other Members who previously had great commitment to this legislation. We look forward to a bipartisan initia-tive. We know that in the elements of sex crimes and domestic violence, the DNA kits are extremely important, among other evidence that can be found. Pros-ecutors often, however, face large case-loads and lack the resources to prop-erly ensure that violent crimes are ad-judicated in a timely manner, even when a suspect has been identified through DNA evidence. H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act of 2018, encourages a resolution of this problem by providing additional re-sources, none to take away from the important work of the purpose of the act, but to add these additional re-sources as are available through this legislation. Prosecutors need to inves-tigate, solve, and close these cases. Give them those resources to do so. Remember, investigating, solving, and closing have the component of making sure that we do justice as well. This includes additional funding for the prosecution of cold cases where new forensic technology has identified a suspect. It is important to note that the need for additional funding is not the only problem that impacts prosecutors’ abil-ity to deal with perpetrators of violent crimes. According to the Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network, RAINN, the overwhelming backlog of untested DNA evidence is currently one of the biggest obstacles to prosecuting per-petrators of sexual violence. Based on public reports, at least 100,000 rape kits sit untested in evidence rooms, ware-houses, and the like. These rape kits often contain DNA evidence collected through a sexual assault forensic exam, a medical process where evidence is collected from a victim’s body or clothes. b1645 This evidence is a crucial factor in achieving justice, and it is vital that prosecutors have this evidence. So this legislation, the Debbie Smith Act, was passed to alleviate my com-ments that I just previously made, and it has been enacted since 2004, and it has made a great impact, but now we have the opportunity to use some of those resources to help move along some of these violent cases and to as-sist prosecutors, again, in the fair adju-dication, the just adjudication, to bring justice to those who have suf-fered a violent criminal act, lost their life, and certainly enhanced the justice system. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4854, the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’ and thank my colleague, Mr. P
ASCRELL and other Mem-bers for bringing this forward. This legislation would help ensure that prosecutors have the resources to go after perpetrators of violent crimes, specifically those who have been iden-tified by DNA evidence. Congress has appropriated over $100 mil-lion per year for the last decade, to reduce the DNA backlogs and improve crime laboratory capacity. The ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’ capitalizes on these investments by allowing a portion of the Debbie Smith grant program to be allocated to prosecute perpetrators of vio-lent crimes. According to FBI data, over a million people were victims of violent crimes nationwide, in 2016. In many of these cases, especially cases involving sexual violence, DNA evi-dence is a crucial component of prosecuting the perpetrators. Prosecutors, however, often face large caseloads and lack the resources to properly ensure that violent crimes are adjudicated in a timely manner, even when a suspect has been identified through DNA evidence. H.R. 4854 the ‘‘Justice Served Act of 2018’’ encourages the resolution of this problem by providing additional resources prosecutors need to investigate, solve and close these cases. This includes additional funding for the prosecution of cold cases where new forensic technology has identified a suspect. It is important to note that the need for addi-tional funding is not the only problem that im-pacts prosecutors’ ability to hold perpetrators of violent crimes accountable. According to the Rape, Abuse, & Incest National Network, (RAINN), the overwhelming backlog of untest-ed DNA evidence is currently one of the big-gest obstacles to prosecuting perpetrators of sexual violence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.022 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3947 May 15, 2018 
Based on public reports, at least 100,000 rape kits have sat, untested, in evidence rooms, warehouses, and the like. These rape kits often contain DNA evidence collected through a sexual assault forensic exam, a medical process where evidence is collected from a victim’s body or clothes. This evidence is a crucial factor in achieving justice and it is vital that prosecutors have this evidence. In order to address the backlog, Congress passed the ‘‘Debbie Smith Act.’’ The Debbie Smith Act provides crucial funding to support public crime laboratories’ work to build capac-ity and process DNA evidence including evi-dence collected in rape kits. Since its enactment in 2004, the Debbie Smith Act has been renewed twice with over-whelming bipartisan support. This funding has significantly decreased the backlog of untested DNA evidence. The problem, however, continues to persist because of the overwhelming amount of evi-dence that needs to be analyzed. For exam-ple, in 2016, the Harris County Institute of Fo-rensic Science, in Houston, received over 3,000 cases to be reviewed. Despite receiving federal grants, this lab continues to face dif-ficulties in analyzing all the evidence in a time-ly manner. We in Congress need to make sure that we are allocating enough resources to ensure that these labs are able to meet the demand. Victims of violent crimes, especially victims of sexual violence, have the right to have their cases resolved as quickly as possible. They need to be able to move on, knowing that they are safe from the person who hurt them. It is therefore important that Congress con-tinue to support efforts to ensure that states and local government have the resources to test and analyze DNA evidence and that pros-ecutors have the resources to go after these suspects. For these reasons I support this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), who has worked without ceasing on legisla-tion that will help our law enforcement officers. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipar-tisan piece of legislation, the Justice Served Act, H.R. 4854. As the lead Dem-ocrat sponsor of this piece of legisla-tion and co-chair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus, I want to thank Judge C
ARTER for authoring this bill. Currently, funding is available through the Debbie Smith Act to re-duce the DNA rape kit backlog. How-ever, these funds do not address the growing backlog in the prosecution pipeline. Unfortunately, this backlog is occur-ring because resources are limited and there are not enough funds to reopen every case, even when DNA analysis has identified a suspect. That is not ac-ceptable. In my home State of New Jersey, we are well familiar with this issue. Due to a lack of resources and regulations, the extent of the untested rape kit backlog in New Jersey is unknown. That itself is unacceptable. Addressing the rape kit backlog would bring justice for the many rape victims across our State and many oth-ers; victims like a 15-year-old girl who was assaulted while working at a deli in New Jersey a few years ago, and whose assaulter was finally brought to justice in 2013 using DNA evidence, but only after he assaulted another young woman. As a result, many of the rapists going undetected are repeat offenders. Count-less assaults could be prevented and trauma spared if we caught these per-petrators the first time. And addressing the backlog can bring justice to the falsely accused as well. Last year, we learned the story of Rod-ney Roberts, a New Jersey man who was coerced by his own lawyer to plead guilty for the kidnapping and rape of a 17-year-old girl in 1996, despite pro-fessing his innocence. For 10 years, Roberts appealed to have his DNA tested against the origi-nal rape kit, but prosecutors claimed it was nowhere to be found. Eventually, the rape kit was located and the DNA evidence cleared him of all wrongdoing in 2014, after he served 10 years in jail. There are too many incidents in which an untested rape kit is lost, prosecutors do not have resources, and innocent people are harmed. To address this funding gap, the Jus-tice Served Act authorizes the Debbie Smith Act to provide prosecutors with the resources and the funds to reopen, investigate, and close cold cases. Going forward, I look forward to working with Judge CARTER to ensure that the Debbie Smith Act is properly funded so we can keep our promise to survivors of sexual assault. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the National District Attorneys Asso-ciation, the Rape, Abuse & Incest Na-tional Network, and Debbie Smith for their support for H.R. 4854. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the Justice Served Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. P
ASCRELL  for making that commitment that the resources under the Debbie Smith Act will still be viable and ready to be used for those sexual assault, sexual vio-lence victims as this legislation was in-tended, but a provision in the bill al-lows the resources to also keep in line that nothing will undermine the inves-tigation of sexual assault cases, sexual violence cases, but it allows the hand of justice to move on further for those who are the victims of violent crimes and to ensure that perpetrators of vio-lent crimes are prosecuted as quickly as possible, again, under the equal and balanced hand of justice. So H.R. 4845, the Justice Served Act of 2018, provides funding to State and local prosecutors to help them tackle the backlog of violent crime cases, in-cluding cold cases, where suspects have been identified through DNA evidence. Certainly, there may be some over-lap. I want to make it very clear to our victims of sex crimes, domestic vio-lence, and other crimes dealing with those particular issues, that these dol-lars are enhanced dollars to be able to do the violent crimes. While it is important that State and local prosecutors have the resources they need, it is also important that Congress remain vigilant and continue to support efforts to clear the backlogs of untested and unanalyzed DNA evi-dence, including rape kits. The backlog in many jurisdictions is enormous. This was our intent, to move forward, to provide justice to those who have suffered, some have lost their life. So in the spirit of expanding justice to ensure that justice is for all, I rise to support this legislation in keeping with its initial purpose, to solve the backlog of DNA kits, and now to be able to assist in the solving and bring-ing to justice the perpetrators of vio-lent crimes. Mr. Speaker, I again ask my col-leagues to support the underlying leg-islation, I thank the sponsors of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, to paraphrase what Debbie and Rob Smith said, getting a hit is nice, but ensuring justice is served is even better. And it is, I think, a good amendment to the Debbie Smith Act that we allow these funds to be used for this purpose and close more of these cases that are solved by the DNA testing that was the original purpose of the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, I thank Judge CARTER  for his fine work on it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4854. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SCHOOL RESOURCE OFFICER ASSESSMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5242) to require the Attorney General and the Secretary of Edu-cation to conduct a survey of all public schools to determine the number of school resource officers at such schools, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.008 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3948 May 15, 2018 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5242 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘School Re-source Officer Assessment Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SURVEY OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education shall jointly conduct and submit to Congress, a survey of the assignment of school resource officers at public elementary schools and secondary schools, which shall include, with respect to each such school that chose to respond to such survey, a determination of whether— (1) on or after January 1, 2018, such a school has been assigned a school resource officer; and (2) in the case of a school that has been as-signed such an officer— (A) the number of such assignments; and (B) whether each such assignment is on a full-time or part-time basis. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) ESEA 
TERMS .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’ and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (2) S
CHOOL RESOURCE OFFICER .—The term ‘‘school resource officer’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1709(4) of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10389(4)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from In-diana (Mr. R
OKITA ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5242. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5242, the School Resource Offi-cer Assessment Act of 2018. As we focus on our work in this Chamber this after-noon, it is fitting that we recognize that it is, as my colleagues have so far pointed out, National Police Week. One of my great privileges as a Mem-ber of Congress is to interact with members of the law enforcement com-munity and see firsthand the selfless-ness and true sense of service that they bring to their work. Any one of us might say we want to protect and serve our communities, but it is these fine men and women who walk the walk every day. Their tireless efforts to improve public safety and build relationships across communities and with all of their fellow citizens de-serve our appreciation and our total support and respect. One of the best ways we as legislators can support members of the law en-forcement community is by using data and not emotion as the basis of the de-cisions we make here in Washington that impact the way local law enforce-ment officials have to do their jobs. H.R. 5242, the School Resource Offi-cer Assessment Act of 2018, seeks to improve our decisions by providing bet-ter data on the work of law enforce-ment in schools. The research and evidence that comes from the appropriate use of data can improve our understanding of how these policies work and the best ways to support the efforts of community leaders across our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I commend the tireless sacrifices made by those in the law en-forcement community and their fami-lies especially, and I thank them for their service. I simply urge my col-leagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5242. This legislation under consider-ation today will improve our under-standing about the role of school re-source officers. But we must acknowl-edge that this bill barely scratches the surface of what is actually required to keep our schools safe, and I urge this body to do more. In the wake of February’s tragic shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida, many have called for a so-called Federal focus on hardening of our schools, which in-cludes increasing Federal dollars to hire more police officers and embracing the most harsh punishments for school discipline, and even allowing school teachers to carry firearms, despite the overwhelming evidence that many of these initiatives do more harm than good. In fact, anyone hoping for a discus-sion of evidence-based methods for pre-venting school violence must be pro-foundly disappointed at our reaction since February. Anyone hoping that the call for harsher school discipline would be sen-sitive to how it would be applied to students of color and those with dis-abilities must be disappointed. Anyone hoping this Chamber would find the political will to take a stand with parents, students, and the over-whelming majority of Americans to take action on sensible gun legislation must be disappointed. We have failed to act as one after an-other of these unthinkable tragedies have become commonplace. In the decades since the 1999 shooting at Columbine High School, States and districts have rushed to increase school-based law enforcement presence. The Parkland tragedy serves as a pain-ful reminder that this effort has not, despite its best efforts, eliminated mass school shootings. Nearly two decades later, mass shootings in schools still persist, while student behavior has been criminalized, leading to millions of students entering the school-to-prison pipeline. H.R. 5242 would direct the Depart-ments of Justice and Education to con-duct voluntary data collection on school districts’ hiring of law enforce-ment officers. And I would remind my colleagues that we have a tool that col-lects a lot of data, not only on the presence of school officers, but also on how they impact school equity. b1700 I urge my colleagues to stand in de-fense of the Civil Rights Data Collec-tion. That is the Civil Rights Data Col-lection which collects data on equity in education, data such as access to ad-vanced placement courses, data on sus-pensions, data on access to pre-K and other questions of access and equity, and would call on the Trump adminis-tration to affirm its intent to maintain the integrity of that collection. Mr. Speaker, I also urge my col-leagues to stand with students and par-ents in defense of civil rights under the guise of school safety. The Trump ad-ministration has signaled its intent to revoke the Education-Justice dis-cipline guidance that provides districts with the tools to address racial dispari-ties in discipline in a way that would not jeopardize school safety and ensure that school law enforcement officers are trained to serve in a school setting. Without a shred of evidence, Sec-retary DeVos has blamed mass school shootings on civil rights protections and the guidance that clarifies district- level obligations under Federal civil rights law. I urge my colleagues to join me in calling on President Trump and Sec-retary DeVos to discontinue their mis-information campaign and maintain the entire so-called rethink discipline package. As districts rush to hire re-source officers, this body must commit to maintaining resources that empower districts to do so without negatively impacting equity in education. Mr. Speaker, I also urge this body to increase investments in education. Teachers and students need access to mental health services, counseling, and evidence-based violence prevention programming. Teachers need com-prehensive support, including increased salaries. The conversation on school safety that speaks only to hardening of the schools and hiring law enforcement officers will harm far more people than it will protect. Lastly, I urge this body to consider and pass commonsense gun safety leg-islation. Gun violence in and outside of the school is a public health epidemic that merits bold and bipartisan con-gressional support. Meanwhile, this bill does provide for the collection of data and the hiring of police officers in our schools. This information can be help-ful as we decide how to best allocate resources to address school safety. Mr. Speaker, I therefore support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.026 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3949 May 15, 2018 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for supporting the bill. I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ), my good friend. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5242, the School Resource Officer As-sessment Act of 2018, as amended. I am the author of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, so far, in 2018, there have been 21 school shootings that have resulted in injuries or loss of life. While it is impossible for us to antici-pate every attempt and impossible to enact regulations that would prevent them, one thing we can do is to ensure that honorable, patriotic, public serv-ants are available to guard our schools, students, and teachers against acts of violence. Considering the recent string of school shootings, it has become clear that increasing the use of school re-source officers should play a major role in protecting our schools. Currently, there are 95,230 public schools in the United States. Our re-search has clarified that hard data does not exist regarding law enforcement assets at these schools. We estimate— and we can only estimate—that there may be a 30 percent utilization of school resource officers across the Na-tion. Mr. Speaker, the first step in pro-moting school safety is evaluating what SRO assets we have on the ground and how public schools are using them. After we have a clear understanding of the field, we in Congress will be able to more effectively direct resources to where they are most needed. That is why I have introduced this bill. My bill would simply give Congress the information we need to make effec-tive decisions regarding school safety by requiring the U.S. Attorney General and the U.S. Secretary of Education to gather data regarding the number and status of school resource officers as-signed to each public school in the United States. My bill is a commonsense, informa-tion-gathering bill that has bipartisan support and has been endorsed by the National Association of School Re-source Officers. This legislation is the first piece of several initiatives I will be introducing and supporting to se-cure our schools. I would like to thank Chairwoman F
OXXand Ranking Member S COTT, who are on the Education and the Work-force Committee, and their staffs for their help in getting this bill to the floor. I would also like to thank the co-sponsors of my bill, in particular, Rep-resentative R
UPPERSBERGER , for his help in this process. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense legislation. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for introducing this bill. I urge my col-leagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), my friend, for in-troducing this bill. I am bringing it for-ward as an opportunity to support safer communities and those who take on the responsibility and make the sac-rifices to make our schools safer. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
IGGINS for his service not just to this institution and to his constituents, but to the citi-zens of this country he protected as a military police officer, as well as those in Louisiana, where he served as local law enforcement. Like all of the men and women we honor for National Po-lice Week this week, our colleague from Louisiana has ‘‘walked the walk’’ and it is an honor to serve with him. Mr. Speaker, I simply urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5242, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5242, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MEDGAR EVERS HOME NATIONAL MONUMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4895) to establish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4895 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medgar Evers Home National Monument Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Medgar Evers Home National Monument established by section 3. (2) H
ISTORIC DISTRICT .—The term ‘‘Historic District’’ means the Medgar Evers Historic District, as included on the National Reg-ister of Historic Places, and as generally de-picted on the Map. (3) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Medgar Evers Home National Monument’’, numbered 515/142561, and dated February 2018. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. (5) C
OLLEGE .—The term ‘‘College’’ means Tougaloo College, a private educational in-stitution located in Tougaloo, Mississippi. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF MEDGAR EVERS HOME NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mis-sissippi as a unit of the National Park Sys-tem to preserve, protect, and interpret for the benefit of present and future generations resources associated with Medgar Evers’ piv-otal role in the American Civil Rights Move-ment. (2) CONDITIONS .—The Monument shall not be established until the date on which the Secretary— (A) has entered into a written agreement with the College providing that all parcels within the Medgar Evers Home National Monument boundary as depicted on the Map shall be donated to the United States for in-clusion in the Monument to be managed con-sistently with the purposes of the Monu-ment; and (B) has otherwise acquired sufficient land or interests in land within the boundaries of the Monument to constitute a manageable unit. (b) B
OUNDARIES .—The boundaries of the Monument shall be the boundaries as gen-erally depicted on the Map. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may only acquire any land or interest in land located within the boundary of the Monument by— (1) donation; (2) purchase with donated funds; or (3) exchange. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Monument in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to the Secretary for this purpose, the Secretary shall prepare a general management plan for the Monument in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) On completion of the general manage-ment plan under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall submit it to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. (f) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (1) M
ONUMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with the Col-lege for interpretive and educational pro-gramming related to the Monument, and may enter into other cooperative agreements for the purposes of carrying out this Act. (2) H
ISTORIC DISTRICT .—The Secretary may enter into cooperative agreements with the owner of a nationally significant property within the Historic District, to identify, mark, interpret, improve, restore, and pro-vide technical assistance with respect to the preservation and interpretation of the prop-erty. (g) N
OBUFFER ZONES .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Monument, or the management of the Monument shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Monument. The fact that an activity or use can be seen, heard, or detected from within the Monument shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside of the Monument. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) each will con-trol 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.028 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3950 May 15, 2018 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I know this is somewhat unusual, but I really would like to have the sponsor of this bill have the first opportunity to speak towards it. It is one of my favor-ites, so I am going to reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for being so kind in yielding. Mr. Speaker, today the House will consider H.R. 4895, the Medgar Evers Home National Monument Act, a bipar-tisan bill to designate the home of civil rights leader Medgar Evers as a na-tional monument. Located in Jackson, Mississippi, the Evers family home, which was des-ignated a national historic landmark in 2017, is hallowed ground for those of us who lived through the struggle for racial equality and desegregation. That single-story ranch-style house bore witness to one of the most con-sequential moments in the civil rights era: the assassination of Medgar Wiley Evers, a son of Mississippi, who was as-sassinated in his driveway by those who saw his efforts at making America a more perfect and just Union as a threat. Through his work for the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, Medgar Evers earned an indelible place in the annals of American history and the civil rights movement. Mr. Evers was a hero for change, resistance, and equal rights for African-American citizens in this coun-try. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to, in my capacity as a Congressman of the Sec-ond Congressional District of Mis-sissippi, author this legislation to honor the sacrifice of not just civil rights icon Medgar Evers, but his widow, Myrlie, by designating their home as a national monument. Medgar Evers had a vision to defeat injustice for African Americans in the State of Mississippi as well as through-out the United States. Born in Decatur, Mississippi, Mr. Evers lived through the Jim Crow South and wrangled with the overwhelming plight of racial dis-crimination head-on. Mr. Evers was a 1952 graduate of what is now known as Alcorn State Univer-sity, a great institution situated in my district. After graduating, Evers worked on the Regional Council of Negro Leadership, which provided him with critical training in activism. Then, in 1954, he applied to the Univer-sity of Mississippi School of Law, and despite the landmark Brown v. Board of Education Supreme Court decision, his application was rejected. After the rejection by the University of Mississippi School of Law, Mr. Evers accepted the position of State field sec-retary for the NAACP. Over a 9-year period, Mr. Evers crisscrossed the State, working to get African Ameri-cans involved in civil rights activism and to register to vote. Even though racial discrimination and oppression had polluted the minds of an overwhelming majority of Whites in Mississippi and throughout the South, Mr. Evers led many of the fights against injustice. His dogged pursuit for justice made him a target for hate, and on June 12, 1963, Mr. Evers was gunned down in the driveway of his home and later died at a local hospital. Designating the home of Medgar Evers a national monument will be an everlasting tribute to his legacy and journey that countless Americans un-dertook for equality. This legislation is of great personal importance to me because I, like many others, was inspired by the magnitude of the determination of Mr. Evers to dedicate himself to others and fight against adversity. I am honored to walk the path paved by such a civil rights icon. H.R. 4895 is a bipartisan measure. Representative R
OBBISHOP of Utah is an original cosponsor. Additionally, it adds significant sup-port from stakeholders. I received let-ters of support for H.R. 4895 from Tougaloo College, the Mississippi De-partment of Archives and History, and the Jackson Historic Preservation Commission. Mr. Speaker, I include these letters of support in the R
ECORD . 
TOUGALOO COLLEGE , Tougaloo, MS, January 29, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP : I have dis-cussed with the leadership of Tougaloo Col-lege’s Board of Trustees the plan to des-ignate the Medgar Evers Home Museum as a national monument through congressional legislation. We have reviewed the proposed draft legislation and spoken with Congress-man Bennie G. Thompson, our congressional representative. We have also spoken with the Mrs. Myrlie Evers Williams and her daugh-ter. We have received no opposition to the plan to move forward with this designation through congressional legislation. We support the transfer of ownership to the National Park Services, if the legislation passes. We are inspired by the distinction this designation would mean for the Medgar Evers Home and the legacy of Medgar Evers. We are also encouraged to know the Home would be maintained by the National Park Services. We are equally encouraged that there will be opportunities for the College to continue to play a role with the Home through interpretative and educational pro-gramming as well as other learning opportu-nities that might be available for our stu-dents. Thank you for contacting Tougaloo Col-lege. We look forward to hearing from you regarding the next steps. Sincerely, BEVERLY W. H OGAN , President. 
MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT OF AR-
CHIVES AND HISTORY , H ISTORIC  P
RESERVATION DIVISION , Jackson, MS, February 5, 2018. Re Medgar Evers National Monument. Mr. T
ERRY CAMP, Professional Staff, Committee on Natural Re-sources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands. D
EAR MR. CAMP: The Mississippi Depart-ment of Archives and History (MDAH) is pleased to know that the Committee of Nat-ural Resources will be considering House Bill 4895, which would establish the Medgar and Myrlie Evers House in Jackson, Mississippi, as a National Monument. The Medgar and Myrlie Evers House was designated as a Mis-sissippi Landmark in 1993 and for the past two decades, MDAH has worked closely with the property’s owner, Tougaloo College, on the house’s restoration. In 2017, the Medgar and Myrlie Evers House was designated as a National Historic Landmark by the Sec-retary of the Interior. Thanks to all those ef-forts, the house is now an important venue for telling the stories of Mississippi’s Civil Rights struggle and explaining how the dedi-cation and labors of one couple changed not only Mississippi but the nation as a whole. With the recent opening of the new Mis-sissippi Civil Rights Museum, those stories have an even wider audience. We certainly appreciate the efforts of Con-gressman Thompson in drafting this legisla-tion and join our friends and colleagues at Tougaloo College in wholeheartedly endors-ing House Bill 4895. Sincerely, K
ENNETH H. P’P OOL, Deputy State Historic Preservation Officer. 
JACKSON HISTORIC PRESERVATION  C
OMMISSION , Jackson, MS, February 5, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN BISHOP : I have re-viewed the Bill H.R. 4895 and the Legislative Hearing Memo on this bill with other Jack-son Historic Preservation Commissioners. I enthusiastically support the establishment of the Medgar Evers National Monument under the purview of the National Park Service. Medgar Evers was Field Secretary for the NAACP in Mississippi from January 1955 until his assassination on 12 June 1963, in front of this house. The house was des-ignated as Jackson local landmark in 1992 and the neighborhood surrounding the house was designated a local historic district, called the Medgar Evers Neighborhood His-toric District, in 1994. We are inspired by the establishment of the Medgar Evers National Monument would mean for the Medgar Evers Home, the legacy of Medgar Evers, and for the Medgar Evers historic neighborhood. We are also encour-aged that there will be opportunities for Jackson Historic Preservation Commission to continue to play a role in preserving Medgar Evers Neighborhood Historic Dis-trict. Thank you for contacting Jackson Historic Preservation Commission. As the chairman of Jackson Historic Preservation Commis-sion, I urge the committee to offer favorable consideration to this request for establishing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.030 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3951 May 15, 2018 
the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes. Sincerely, J
EFFSEABOLD , Chairman. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his very kind yielding of time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for, one, chronicling the legacy and untimely death of Medgar Evers, a favorite son of Mississippi and civil rights hero, and also for his personal remarks on how he inspired him. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. T
HOMP -
SON introducing this bill, and intro-ducing it with his remarks so far. This is an important one to me, too, which is why I am proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. I remember this gentleman, and I re-member the events of his assassina-tion. I think it had an impact on every-body. Medgar Evers was born in 1925 and served in the military during World War II in both Germany and France and then became one of those who fought to try and integrate a law school in the 1950s. He was assassinated, as Mr. T
HOMP -
SONsaid, in 1963, and I clearly remem-ber watching that on the news at the time and being impacted by it. b1715 Mr. S
OTOprobably wasn’t even born then, but the rest of us still remember this event going on there. He tragically died within an hour after that shooting and is now buried in Arlington National Cemetery. The home was donated to Tougaloo Univer-sity, and it is currently being operated as a museum with period pieces, as well as the memorabilia that talks about the legacy of this icon of the civil rights movement. I am happy that we are doing this particular bill, because these are the kinds of projects that should be na-tional monuments. These are the his-torical sites that need to be in the Na-tional Park System so that people can go there, they can learn, and, more im-portantly, so they can remember. Be-cause it is in forgetting in which we sin; in remembering is when we will never forget the legacy of Medgar Evers and what he sacrificed to move this country forward in some par-ticular way. So I commend Representative T
HOMPSON for introducing this legisla-tion. I am very proud of the way we are doing it. This is the proper way of cre-ating a national monument: by legisla-tive action and going through the leg-islative process, during the hearing, during the committee, bringing it to the floor, and then taking it over to the Senate. I expect this to be passed very quick-ly. I expect this to become a reality. And I expect this to be an illustration of how Congress should be creating na-tional monuments going forward in the future. Mr. Speaker, I have no other speak-ers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, while I was born 15 years after the untimely death of Mr. Medgar Evers, we live in a more just and perfect union as a result of his sacrifices. So I thank his sacrifices and the gen-tleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMP -
SON) for bringing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I will not say the gentleman is just a child. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4895, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish the Medgar Evers Home National Monu-ment in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
BLACK HILLS NATIONAL CEME-TERY BOUNDARY EXPANSION ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 35) to transfer administrative jurisdiction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 35 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) C
EMETERY .—The term ‘‘Cemetery’’ means the Black Hills National Cemetery in Sturgis, South Dakota. (2) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 200 acres of Bureau of Land Management land adjacent to the Cemetery, generally depicted as ‘‘Pro-posed National Cemetery Expansion’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Expansion of Black Hills National Cemetery-South Dakota’’ and dated June 16, 2016. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. SEC. 3. TRANSFER AND WITHDRAWAL OF BU-REAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT LAND FOR CEMETERY USE. 
(a) C ONDUCT OF DUEDILIGENCE ACTIVITIES  
BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Before the transfer of ad-ministrative jurisdiction and withdrawal of the Federal land under subsections (b) and (c), respectively, and subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall complete any appropriate environmental, cultural resource, and other due diligence ac-tivities on the Federal land that would en-able the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to confirm that the Federal land is suitable for cemetery purposes. (2) N
OTICE ; REQUIRED COORDINATION .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (A) before conducting any due diligence ac-tivities under paragraph (1), notify the Sec-retary of the activities to be conducted; (B) as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs de-termines to be necessary in the conduct of the due diligence activities under paragraph (1), coordinate the activities with the Sec-retary; and (C) if the Secretary of Veterans Affairs de-termines, on completion of the due diligence activities under paragraph (1), that the Fed-eral land is suitable for cemetery purposes, submit written notice of the determination to the Secretary. (b) T
RANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDIC -
TION.— (1) T
RANSFER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—On receipt by the Sec-retary of written notice of a determination that the Federal land is suitable for ceme-tery purposes under subsection (a)(2)(C), ex-cept as provided in subparagraph (B), and subject to valid existing rights, administra-tive jurisdiction over the Federal land is transferred from the Secretary to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for use as a na-tional cemetery in accordance with chapter 24 of title 38, United States Code. (B) E
XCLUSION .—The transfer of adminis-trative jurisdiction over the Federal land under subparagraph (A) shall not include the land located within 100 feet of the center of the Centennial Trail, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Proposed Expansion of Black Hills National Cemetery-South Da-kota’’ and dated June 16, 2016. (2) L
EGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Reg-ister a notice containing a legal description of the Federal land. (B) E
FFECT .—A legal description published under subparagraph (A) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, ex-cept that the Secretary may correct any clerical and typographical errors in the legal description. (C) A
VAILABILITY .—Copies of the legal de-scription published under subparagraph (A) shall be available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of— (i) the Bureau of Land Management; and (ii) the National Cemetery Administration. (D) C
OSTS.—The Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs shall reimburse the Secretary for the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out this paragraph, including the costs of any surveys and other reasonable costs. (c) W
ITHDRAWAL .—On receipt by the Sec-retary of written notice of a determination that the Federal land is suitable for ceme-tery purposes under subsection (a)(2)(C) and subject to valid existing rights, the Federal land— (1) is withdrawn from all forms of appro-priation under the public land laws, includ-ing the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.012 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3952 May 15, 2018 
(2) shall be treated as property as defined under section 102(9) of title 40, United States Code. (d) B
OUNDARY MODIFICATION .—The bound-ary of the Cemetery is modified to include the Federal land. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF PUBLIC LANDORDER .— Public Land Order 2112, dated June 6, 1960 (25 Fed. Reg. 5243), is modified to exclude the Federal land. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM), who is the House sponsor of this particular bill and who has done so much work on this. I allow her to in-troduce this piece of legislation that is so significant to her State. Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman as well for all of his help getting this bill done. I rise today in support of the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Ex-pansion Act, and I urge my colleagues to vote for it. This morning, I was up at 4 a.m. and got to the Sioux Falls Airport by 5 a.m. to greet a group of veterans who were taking an Honor Flight. They were get-ting on a plane and heading to Wash-ington, D.C. to see their monuments and to spend some time with family and guardians reminiscing about their service to this country. I was reminded about the sacrifices that they have made to defend our liberty and our freedoms in this country. They were looking forward to it. As I listened to their stories and heard about their time overseas and in- country, but also on ships and field, it was overwhelming to me what all they had done and what they had experi-enced in service to this country. In fact, one of the men was in his eighties, and it was going to be the first time today that he actually flew on an airplane. When he was in the Navy, he took a train to the coast and got on a ship. He was excited about this, not only being an opportunity to honor his service, but also to have new experiences along the way. As I thought about them all day trav-eling out to D.C. and doing our work here, and the fact that this bill was going to be on the floor today, I was re-minded again and again that South Da-kota has a long and honorable history of service. In fact, we have one of the highest service rates in the Nation in our State. It is a small State, but they are highly patriotic, and they love this country. The fact that the Black Hills Na-tional Cemetery needs room to grow is a testament to the sheer number of pa-triotic South Dakotans who have an-swered their country’s call to serve. I am honored to have championed this legislation in Congress for several years, and I am proud to say that the House has passed it twice already. Today is going to be different though. Today, with all of your support, we can finally do right by our veterans and send this bill to President Trump for his signature. Allowing the Black Hills National Cemetery to expand is the very least that we can do to honor these great pa-triots who have served our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 35 transfers jurisdic-tion of approximately 200 acres of pub-lic land from the Bureau of Land Man-agement to the National Cemetery Ad-ministration to extend the Black Hills National Cemetery. Burial in a national cemetery is open to all members of the Armed Forces who have met a minimum of Active Duty service requirement and were dis-charged under certain conditions. BLM offered their general support for this bill when it was considered during a Senate hearing. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill that honors our Nation’s fallen heroes who fought to protect the freedoms we enjoy today, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate the gen-tlewoman from South Dakota on her hard work on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. This is talking about 200 acres of public property that needs to be used by a national cemetery that was cre-ated back in 1948 as the final resting place of people who gave their last and gave their all for the defense of this country. It includes the final resting place of Medal of Honor Recipient Ser-geant Charles Winthrop. A memorial to Korean war veterans is there. And 16 years ago, it was made part of the Na-tional Cemetery System. It is significant that we are doing this particular process right now. I think it is important that both the Bu-reau of Land Management and the Vet-erans Affairs Department are both in support of this transfer, because this il-lustrates not only the significance of this cemetery and what it allows peo-ple to do, to honor those who have given their all for this Nation, but it allows us to have the proper use of pub-lic lands. Here are now 200 acres of public land that is going to be used for a public purpose, and that is the reason you have public lands in the first place. If this 200 acres were simply to sit there with nothing to do, then there is no reason for anybody to own it in the first place. But having public lands now used for a public purpose that ele-vates, enlightens, and ennobles us is how you are supposed to be using pub-lic lands. So I am appreciative of Representa-tive NOEM for introducing this bill on several occasions. The last time it ac-tually came to this floor, we voted on it. It was a tough vote; it was 407–0. I am grateful it finally has a Senate sponsor and the Senate has actually done something to send us this bill back so we can allow Representative N
OEMto do what she does best in push-ing things forward for the State of South Dakota in a positive and selfless way, and I am looking forward to the vote on this one. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure. I have no other speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 5, 2018. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to you concerning S. 35, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on S. 35 and into the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you. Sincerely, D
AVID P. R OE, M.D., Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , Washington, DC, April 10, 2018. Hon. D
AVID P. R OE, Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : S. 35, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act, was ordered favorably reported on March 14, 2018, by unanimous consent. The bill was re-ferred primarily to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. I thank you for allowing the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to be discharged from fur-ther consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future refer-rals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs represented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.013 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3953 May 15, 2018 
on the conference committee. Finally, to memorialize our understanding, I would be pleased to include your letter and this re-sponse in the Congressional Record when the bill is considered by the House. Thank you for your response and coopera-tion. I look forward to further opportunities to work with you this Congress. Sincerely, R
OBBISHOP , Chairman. 
Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 35. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
OREGON TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1285) to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confed-erated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of In-dians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or trans-fer certain lands. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon Trib-al Economic Development Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED TO VALIDATE LAND TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, without further ap-proval, ratification, or authorization by the United States, the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes may lease, sell, convey, warrant, or other-wise transfer all or any part of its interests in any real property that is not held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe. (b) T
RUST LAND NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing in this section shall— (1) authorize the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of an interest in any real property that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe; or (2) affect the operation of any law gov-erning leasing, selling, conveying, war-ranting, or otherwise transferring any inter-est in such trust land. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to speak to this particular piece of legis-lation. This bill will clarify that five recog-nized tribes in the State of Oregon may buy, sell, lease, or otherwise convey land that they own in fee without ap-proval from the Federal Government. Some of the earliest laws passed by Congress after the ratification of the Constitution reserves to the United States the exclusive right to acquire Indian lands. These laws are commonly called the Trade and Intercourse Acts. The acts were meant to protect In-dian tribes by preventing the loss of their lands, except by treaty. It does so by preventing the transfer, sale, lease, or other conveyance of land owned by an Indian tribe to third parties without Federal approval. This bill, S. 1285, would clarify that the five tribes named in this bill may do this job without Federal review or approval. The bill benefits other tribes in a similar fashion were also considered by the Natural Resources Committee and enacted into law during the 106th, 113th, and 114th Congresses as well. This particular bill, which passed by unanimous consent in December, truly shows that despite what some Members are quoted as saying in the press, the Natural Resources Committee is, in fact, still a productive committee after all. In fact, we have been the most active House committee next to the Rules Committee. We have already marked up 147 bills and reported out 114 of these bills. No other committee has reached the 100 mark. I guess that is a plus. If it is, then we did it. The House has passed 92 of these bills, and 23 have been signed into law. We hope to change that to 93 and 24 respectively. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. First, I want to congratulate the chairman on having a productive com-mittee. I appreciate that one of those bills was from our own office. We will keep them coming, hopefully. Back to the bill at hand. Almost 200 years ago, the Indian Nonintercourse Act was enacted with the intention of protecting Indian tribes by preventing the loss of their lands. It does so by preventing the transfer, sale, lease, or other conveyance of any land owned by an Indian tribe to third parties without Federal approval. This prohibition ap-plies to both trust and tribally owned fee lands. Although a number of laws have been passed over the centuries that effec-tively supersede the Nonintercourse Act, the actual act has never been re-pealed. Therefore, relief from the act is sometimes necessary so that a tribe may manage their fee lands efficiently and put them to productive use. This is what S. 1285 would do. It clarifies that these seven Oregon tribes have the authority to lease, sell, con-vey, warrant, or otherwise transfer their tribally owned fee lands without approval from the Federal Govern-ment. The bill also clarifies that this authority does not apply to trust lands. Congress has previously enacted simi-lar laws for other Indian tribes, so this measure is not unprecedented. In closing, I want to thank our col-league from Oregon, Congressman P
ETER DEFAZIO, for his sponsorship of the House version of this bill and his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. I have no other speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DeFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1285, the Senate companion to my bi-partisan bill, H.R. 3225, the Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act. Last year a federally-recognized tribe in my District, the Confederated Tribes of the Coos, Lower Umpqua and Siuslaw, alerted me that it was unable to obtain a commercial mortgage to purchase a storage unit facility. A local financial institution was concerned that under the arcane Indian Non-Intercourse Act (INIA), it was afraid it would not be able to repossess the property should the tribe be unable to make mortgage payments. Many of my colleagues are not familiar with the INIA, with good reason. The law is over 180 years old, and prohibits a tribe from buy-ing, selling or leasing land. Under the law, Congress, not the Bureau of Indian Affairs, is required to approve every potential trans-action. Typically, the INIA has not prevented tribes from buying, selling or leasing land. However, some financial institutions, as in the case in my District, have interpreted it to mean that Congress act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.014 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3954 May 15, 2018 
Over the years, Congress has appropriately passed laws excluding individual tribes from the INIA. First, the INIA is completely unwork-able. Congress has a hard enough time pass-ing legislation, for better or worse, that affects thousands or millions of Americans. It is not remotely possible we could pass a law every time a tribe requests to buy, sell or lease property. Additionally, the INIA is a road block to a tribe’s economic development. For hundreds of years, terrible federal Indian policy deci-mated tribes through displacement, disease, and discrimination. In my District, the INIA made it impossible for the Tribe to function as the sovereign nation it is to benefit its mem-bers. S. 1285 would clarify that INIA does not apply to five Oregon tribes, and only in the case of fee land. Land held in trust is not af-fected by this bill. It is bipartisan, and does not cost the government a dime. It is past time to ensure Oregon tribes are allowed to engage in real property trans-actions without the threat of a 180 year-old law standing in the way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1285. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
b1730 NATIONAL LAW ENFORCEMENT MUSEUM EXHIBITS ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1417) to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, pos-sess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1417 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Law Enforcement Museum Exhibits Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY OF NATIONAL LAW ENFORCE-MENT MUSEUM TO ACQUIRE, RE-CEIVE, POSSESS, COLLECT, SHIP, TRANSPORT, IMPORT, AND DISPLAY FIREARMS. 
The National Law Enforcement Museum Act (Public Law 106–492) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. AUTHORITY OF MUSEUM TO ACQUIRE, RECEIVE, POSSESS, COLLECT, SHIP, TRANSPORT, IMPORT, AND DISPLAY FIREARMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal law, or any law or any rule or regulations of a State or any po-litical subdivision thereof, the Museum may acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, trans-port, import, and display firearms (as de-fined in section 921(a)(3) of title 18, United States Code, or section 5845(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) in fulfilling the pur-poses of the Museum. ‘‘(b) DEFINITION OF STATE .—In subsection (a), the term ‘State’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, and the possessions of the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. S
OTO) each will con-trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ), the dean of Congress, if he has been able to catch his breath, having cut this as close as is possible. Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Speaker, this is sort of like ice breaking up: right on the pin of the point, you actu-ally win. And I thank the gentleman for waiting for me. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1417 is a simple, straightforward bill that will treat the National Law Enforcement Museum as if it were a Federal museum for pur-poses of obtaining, transferring, and displaying certain classes of firearms. The National Law Enforcement Mu-seum is scheduled to open this fall. It was authorized by an act of Congress and is being built on Federal property. The museum is dedicated to telling the story of American law enforcement by providing visitors a ‘‘walk in the shoes’’ experience. The museum is working to expand and enrich the rela-tionship shared by law enforcement and the community through the muse-um’s educational journeys, immersive exhibitions, and insightful programs. The National Law Enforcement Mu-seum was created to provide visitors with an opportunity to ‘‘walk in the shoes’’ of law enforcement, giving them a behind-the-scenes look and allowing them to gain historical perspective on how law enforcement has helped shape our society and culture. Through fun, immersive, and educational exhibits such as Take the Case, 911 Emergency Ops, and the Training Simulator, visi-tors will gain a sense of what it takes to be a law enforcement professional. These interactive experiences will give visitors a firsthand look into al-most every facet of law enforcement, while they learn about the day-to-day complexities of safeguarding our com-munities. Visitors will also be able to experience the personal side of law en-forcement through real-life stories of the men and women behind the badge, told throughout the museum, and gain a greater appreciation for those who have in fact made the ultimate sac-rifice to keep peace within our commu-nities, especially in the great Hall of Remembrance: law enforcement offi-cers. Mr. Speaker, may I say that a lot of times in the modern day media I hear the term ‘‘cop,’’ I hear that something is wrong. People respect our law en-forcement officers and what they face every day, especially with the national media and the pressures they have with them constantly exposing them as the bad guys. I really believe if we didn’t have them, we would really be in trou-ble. This is a simple bill that takes care of a problem, and I hope we can pass it unanimously. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. H.R. 1417 will allow the National Law Enforcement Museum to display fire-arms associated with the history of law enforcement in the United States. This bill was developed in cooperation with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms to ensure that the museum is authorized to display these items with-out jeopardizing public safety. The National Law Enforcement En-forcement Museum was authorized by Congress in 2000, and is scheduled to open in Washington, D.C., later this year. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the brave men and women in uniform who keep us safe every day by supporting this bill, and I share Congressman Y
OUNG ’s concern about making sure that we are hon-oring our fellow law enforcement offi-cers. It was just this past year that we lost several law enforcement officers from central Florida, including in my dis-trict. On Sunday, I found myself going to the Law Enforcement Memorial to plant a rose next to the picture of one of our fallen officers, Lieutenant Clay-ton, whom we lost this past year. She was also a dear friend of Congress-woman D
EMINGS . In addition, we lost Sergeant Howard and Officer Baxter of the Kissimmee Police Department, who were killed in the line of duty this past year. We also honor them. These are opportunities for us to re-member that these officers put their lives on the line every day to make sure that we are safe. Sergeant How-ard, Officer Baxter, and Lieutenant Clayton faced dangers, and we need to memorialize them. We also lost Deputy Norman Lewis from Orange County, as well, who served under Sheriff Jerry Demings, husband of Congresswoman D
EMINGS . Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I am pleased to stand and support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to adopt it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.021 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3955 May 15, 2018 
The National Law Enforcement Mu-seum will showcase the great work that is done by those who are in the law enforcement profession, but it is also going to have interactive exhibits designed to give visitors a firsthand ex-perience of the life of law enforcement officers. It seems strange that we have to do this by actual legislation, but this is an amendment to the National Law Enforcement Museum Act that simply will allow the museum to acquire, ship, import, and display firearms. If we don’t do this, obviously, that doesn’t take place, which detracts from the en-tire experience of the museum in the first place. I commend Mr. Y
OUNG for intro-ducing this piece of legislation. It seems like it is strange that we have to go to these lengths to do something so logical, but it is the right thing to do, and I appreciate his efforts to do that. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, just to close, I would like to take a moment to remember Sergeant Howard, Officer Baxter, Lieu-tenant Clayton, and Deputy Lewis, who lost their lives this past year pro-tecting our communities in Orlando and Kissimmee. I also appreciate Mr. Y
OUNG from Alaska for putting forth this bill and the chairman for man-aging the bill today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I urge the support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1417. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 37 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 613, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 4854, by the yeas and nays; and H. Res. 285, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. f 
LIEUTENANT OSVALDO ALBARATI CORRECTIONAL OFFICER SELF- PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 613) to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institu-tion provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 378, nays 0, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 181] YEAS—378 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—49 
Barletta Beyer Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carter (TX) Clyburn Cole Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette DesJarlais Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Evans Gowdy Graves (MO) Gutie´rrez Johnson, E. B. Labrador Lujan Grisham, M. Marino McNerney McSally Messer Mullin Napolitano O’Rourke Richmond Rogers (KY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.040 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3956 May 15, 2018 
Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Serrano Shuster Sinema Smucker Thompson (PA) Tsongas Visclosky Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Woodall 
b1854 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 181. 
f 
JUSTICE SERVED ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4854) to amend the DNA Anal-ysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 1, not voting 49, as follows: 
[Roll No. 182] YEAS—377 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brat Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—49 
Barletta Beyer Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Clyburn Cole Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Evans Gowdy Gutie´rrez Issa Johnson, E. B. Labrador Larsen (WA) Lujan Grisham, M. Marino Marshall McNerney McSally Messer Mullin Napolitano O’Rourke Richmond Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Shuster Sinema Smucker Thompson (PA) Tsongas Visclosky Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Woodall b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 181 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 182. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 181 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 182. 
f 
EXPRESSING SENSE OF HOUSE THAT CONGRESS AND THE PRESIDENT SHOULD EMPOWER CREATION OF POLICE AND COM-MUNITY ALLIANCES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 285) expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and community alliances de-signed to enhance and improve commu-nication and collaboration between members of the law enforcement com-munity and the public they serve, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 377, nays 2, not voting 48, as follows: 
[Roll No. 183] YEAS—377 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.018 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3957 May 15, 2018 
Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—2 
Amash Massie 
NOT VOTING—48 
Barletta Beyer Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Clyburn Cole Cuellar Cummings Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney Doyle, Michael F. Emmer Evans Gowdy Gutie´rrez Issa Johnson, E. B. Labrador Larsen (WA) Lujan Grisham, M. Marino McNerney McSally Messer Mullin O’Rourke Richmond Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Roybal-Allard Rutherford Shuster Sinema Smucker Thompson (PA) Tsongas Visclosky Walz Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Woodall 
b1909 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained due to pressing business in my Con-gressional District. Had I been present on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, I would have voted ‘‘yes,’’ on H.R. 613, Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer Self-Protection Act of 2017, ‘‘yes,’’ on H.R. 4854, the Justice Served Act, and ‘‘yes,’’ on H. Res. 285. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPON-SOR OF H.R. 1017 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H.R. 1017, a bill originally introduced by Representative D
ENT of Pennsyl-vania, for the purposes of adding co-sponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPON-SOR OF H.R. 1960 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the pri-mary sponsor of H.R. 1960, a bill origi-nally introduced by Representative Slaughter of New York, for the pur-poses of adding cosponsors and request-ing reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPON-SOR OF H.R. 5505 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H.R. 5505, a bill originally introduced by Representative DENT of Pennsyl-vania, for the purposes of adding co-sponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, cops, police, law enforcement—they are the men and women in uniform who dis-play bravery and courage while pro-tecting our citizens each and every day, and it is not without risk. It is National Police Week, when offi-cers and their families from around the country have traveled here to Wash-ington to remember their loved ones and those who have given the ultimate sacrifice. In Minnesota alone, there are 440 law enforcement agencies made up of 10,000 Minnesotans who put on their uniform every day, working diligently to protect our communities. Every year, new names, unfortu-nately, are added to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial here in Washington. 129 officers were killed in 2017. Sadly, one of those whom we honor and remember is Officer Bill Matthews from Wayzata, Minnesota. I thank our police and law enforce-ment, Mr. Speaker, for their service and providing that thin blue line for protecting and for serving. 
f 
b1915 DISMISSAL OF THE WHITE HOUSE CYBER COORDINATOR (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today National Security Advisor John Bolton eliminated the position of special as-sistant to the President and cybersecu-rity adviser. I could not more strongly disagree with that decision. As the co-chair of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, I have followed the work of the executive branch very closely on this issue over many years. I have had my critiques of President Bush, of President Trump, and, yes, even of President Obama. But always, from President Clinton through the current administration, I have always felt that we are moving in the right direction in better protecting the country in cyberspace—even if too slowly and with a few bumps along the way Today, we took a giant step back-wards. Cybersecurity, Mr. Speaker, is the economic and national security chal-lenge of the 21st century, and as such, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.023 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3958 May 15, 2018 
we need to be increasing our focus on it, not weakening it. I have respected and admired the work of our three cybersecurity coordi-nators, the late Howard Schmidt, Mi-chael Daniel, and President Trump’s pick, Rob Joyce. I am sorry that their legacy is being tarnished today. I have introduced legislation with my friend, Mr. L
IEU, to reinstate and em-power the coordinator position, and I hope that the House moves to take it up quickly. Our national security de-mands no less. 
f 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize Na-tional Police Week, as well as National Peace Officers Memorial Day. This week allows us to take the time to honor local, State, and Federal offi-cers who have died or have been dis-abled in the line of duty. This week is an opportunity to pay tribute to the important men and women who have served our country and put our lives in front of their own. In 2017, 129 officers made the ulti-mate sacrifice. Of that, one of them lived in the 25th District of Texas that I represent. Mr. Speaker, I would like everyone to know the name of Deputy Mark Greg-ory Deibold of the Tarrant County Con-stable’s Office, Precinct 5. Mark’s watch ended on Thursday, September 7, 2017. This hero served his community, State, and country well, and he is more than deserving of our praise and rec-ognition. Thank you for your service, Mark. May God bless this hero’s family. God bless the United States of Amer-ica. In God We Trust. 
f 
U.S. MATERNAL MORTALITY RATES (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, the U.S. State Department uses ma-ternal mortality rates as one of its key metrics for evaluating how much a country values its women. By our own standards, the United States is failing that test as we rank just 47th for ma-ternal mortality rate—the highest of any developed nation—and we remain one of the few countries that is actu-ally seeing its rate of maternal mor-tality increase. Our medical technology leads the world, and we spend more on healthcare than any other nation, but what we need is a commitment—a na-tional commitment—to bringing to-gether the experts, stakeholders, and, yes, resources to end preventable ma-ternal deaths. That is why I am proud to have intro-duced the Ending Maternal Mortality Act with Congresswoman JAIME HER-
RERA BEUTLER . Our legislation requires Federal health officials to develop a national strategy to combat maternal mortality with the goal of halving the rate of maternal mortality in the next decade and eliminating preventable maternal deaths entirely in the next 20 years. 
f 
JERUSALEM: THE RIGHTFUL CAPITAL OF ISRAEL (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, for over 3,000 years, the official capital of Israel has been Jerusalem, no matter what the Palestinians say. Yesterday, the United States offi-cially moved its embassy to Jerusalem, but the terrorist group Hamas and Iran object to Jerusalem being designated as the capital of Israel. So do the arro-gant French and a few other European and Middle Eastern countries. But every nation decides for them-selves where their capital should be, and wouldn’t France be indignant if the world community demanded that Versailles be the capital of France rather than Paris? The anti-Semitic capital uproar is just another example of how these na-tions do not believe Israel has the right to exist. Israel’s government is located in Jerusalem. Our new embassy recog-nizes that fact. Thanks to President Trump’s bold leadership, the United States will no longer deny Israel’s self-determined right to have Jerusalem as its polit-ical, cultural, and spiritual center of the Jewish state—whether the rest of the world likes it or not. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, this week is Infrastructure Week. With every day that passes, the need for Federal infra-structure investment grows more and more urgent. Robust and reliable infra-structure is the foundation for eco-nomic success and security. But for too long, the United States has under-invested in our infrastructure. Today our bridges, our roads, our tunnels, our canals, and even our dams are crumbling. It is so bad that the American Society of Civil Engineers gives our Nation’s infrastructure a grade of D. That is really a shame. All across this great country, our constituents are begging us to rebuild America’s infrastructure. Instead of that, the President has put forth a plan that will sell off Main Street to Wall Street and his rich friends. Mr. Speaker, that is not going to work for the American people. My col-leagues and I have a trillion-dollar plan that will rebuild bridges and roads. It would fix our airports and schools, and it would put 16 million people to work. That is what the American people de-serve. f 
HEART SHIELD BIBLE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rick Mansfield, an airman in the U.S. Air Force and Viet-nam veteran from the town of Vienna in Oneida County. He recently gave me a World War II artifact belonging to Sergeant Joseph J. Benenati. It is called a Heart Shield Bible, and I have it in my hand. These are now fading from use, and this particular one is very faded. It has a gold-leaf steel cover with the words ‘‘God’s Weapon’’ engraved on the front. Sergeant Benenati was a New York State police officer and U.S. marine who served in the Pacific theater, and he was the Chenango County sheriff in my district for 21 years. Sadly, in 2011, at the age of 97, Sergeant Benenati passed away. Sergeant Benenati’s Heart Shield Bible is one that was given to World War II soldiers by their loved ones to protect them in battle. These Bibles were designed to fit securely in the chest pocket of a soldier’s uniform. The metal plates were securely attached to the front cover of the Bible to stop a bullet from reaching the soldier’s heart. I would like to thank Rick Mansfield for giving me this truly invaluable piece of history. I would also like to ex-tend my sincere appreciation to former airman Rick Mansfield as well as Ser-geant Joseph Benenati for their honor-able service to our great Nation. 
f 
PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT IS PROTECTING CHILDREN’S HEALTH (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, more than 24 million people in the United States are affected by asthma. Of that, more than 6 million are children. The children who live with asthma must limit their physical activities or even miss schooldays because of lung disease that is linked to outdoor air pollution. But if we act now, future generations will not have to face such a reality. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on our Nation’s leaders to protect human health and promote a healthy environ-ment for this generation and the next. Last month I introduced the Healthy Environment for Children Act because our children deserve an environment that will not hurt, hinder, or force them to live indoors. The Healthy En-vironment for Children Act would pro-hibit any reduction, consolidation, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.050 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3959 May 15, 2018 
termination of the National Center for Environmental Research, also known as the NCER, and its affiliated pro-grams. By preventing such changes, my bill will safeguard critical research into the effect of chemicals, climate change, and air quality on children’s health. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. I urge you to think of our future and to bring this bill to the floor for a vote. 
f 
CANN PARK OPERATION (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the work of agents with the Savannah Police De-partment. In 2016, gangs that were regularly trafficking drugs and guns in the Cann Park neighborhood just south of Sa-vannah’s downtown were identified by the Savannah Police Department and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Fire-arms, and Explosives as part of a 6- month undercover investigation. In this joint operation, local law en-forcement arrested 24 gang members, confiscating their drugs and firearms. Since the police apprehended these in-dividuals, crime has sharply decreased in Cann Park—a 40 percent drop in vio-lent crimes and a 75 percent drop in ag-gravated assaults with guns. Members of the operation team, ATF’s Special Agent Lee Hoover, SPD’s Sergeant Samuel Hunt, III, and Detective Michael Dobson, have been invited to Washington, D.C., to receive the TOP COPS award. This award pays tribute to the bravery that our law en-forcement officers exhibit every day risking their lives to improve the qual-ity of life for our citizens. I am glad to see these officers getting the recognition that they so richly de-serve. 
f 
37TH ANNUAL PEACE OFFICERS’ MEMORIAL (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, each day law enforcement officers all across our Na-tion risk their lives to keep our com-munities safe. Today at the 37th An-nual Peace Officers’ Memorial, we re-membered the 21,541 fallen officers lost in the history of our Nation. It was an honor to sit in solidarity with the families of Officer Gil Vega and Lesley Zerebny, two fallen heroes from my district. I am proud to welcome Officer Vega’s wife, Susana; daughters, Andrea and Vanessa; son, Isaac; and grandchildren, Marshal, Raul, and Sophia; and son-in- law, Raul, who are in the House gallery with us today. It is our solemn duty to honor and re-spect the sacrifice of our law enforce-ment and their families, and I am hum-bled to author H.R. 5006, the Heroes Lesley Zerebny and Gil Vega First Re-sponders Survivors Support Act. This legislation will help ensure that no of-ficer has to worry whether or not their family will be all right if something happens to them in the line of duty. It is an honor to serve in this great House, and we must do what is right for those who serve us and risk their lives in the streets. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BACON ). Members are reminded to re-frain from referring to occupants in the gallery. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN WILKERSON, JR. (Mr. NORMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. John Wilkerson, Jr., who died on May 9, 2018. He was born in Hickory Grove, South Carolina, and remained a South Caro-lina local throughout his life. As a young man, he served in the United States Navy and graduated from Clemson College with a degree in physics. After graduation, Mr. Wilkerson went on to lead a very suc-cessful business career. He was the owner of Wilkerson Oil Company, along with his brother, Merritt, and he later became the owner of River Hills Real-ty. Mr. Wilkerson was also an active member in his community as a member of the River Hills Community Church, River Hills Lions Club, and the Lake Wylie Chamber of Commerce. In his life he was the recipient of both the Businessman of the Year Award and the Citizen of the Year Award. Additionally, he was a well-known historian who authored the book ‘‘York County: Yesterday and Today 1550 to 2005.’’ Mr. Wilkerson was a valued member of our community, and he will be missed by his devoted wife, Sandee, and the entire State of South Carolina. 
f 
b1930 HONORING OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute all the men and women who make up the police forces across this great country. As well, the men and women in blue have served this country and protect us. I especially want to salute the 135 of-ficers who gave up their lives this past year. I also want to say thanks to my own father, who served as chief of po-lice in El Dorado, Kansas, for 25 years. My heart is especially warmed as I look out and see the tens of thousands of police officers in Washington, D.C., this week as they honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize that yesterday marked the 70th anniversary of statehood for Israel. Israel is our close ally and a beacon of democracy in a dangerous part of the world. Throughout history, Israel has made numerous concessions in the pursuit of peace while seeking only the right to exist. A strong Israel is paramount to our Nation’s interests in the region, and strategic cooperation between the United States and Israel is vital to the well-being of both countries. I was also proud to introduce H. Res. 835, which passed the House by unani-mous consent last week. The resolution calls all nations to enter into robust diplomatic relations with Israel, high-lights Israel’s recent advances in diplo-macy, and affirms the importance of diplomatic recognition of the nation globally. A strong Israel benefits all nations, and I will continue to stand with our friend and ally, Israel. 
f 
PEACE OFFICERS MEMORIAL DAY AND POLICE WEEK (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Peace Officers Memo-rial Day and Police Week to show sup-port of those who put their lives on the line every day to protect Nebraskans and all Americans. These law enforce-ment professionals protect the life, limb, and property in assigned patrol areas during long hours, keeping them away from their own families. To those on the front line of our safe-ty, it is not about the pay, the hours, or the conditions they work in; it is about making the world a better and safer place. Because of this, I have in-troduced three pieces of legislation to support those who serve on the front lines. H.R. 1970, the Kerrie Orozco Act, al-lows the immediate relatives of first responders who die in the line of duty to continue to process their immigra-tion application in a timely manner, despite the death of their loved one. H.R. 5134, the STOP Straw Purchases Act, will increase punishment for those who purchase guns for someone who is prohibited from possessing one. H.R. 4896 allows each State to extend the training requirements for those carrying under the Law Enforcement Officers Safety Act from every 12 months to up to 36 months because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\H15MY8.REC H15MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3960 May 15, 2018 
they already received extensive train-ing. I want to thank those who have served for their dedication to protect and serve and to defend our commu-nities. Your service will not be forgot-ten. 
f 
FLORIDA’S SUCCESS UNDER TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ACON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHER -
FORD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the subject of tonight’s Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor tonight to host my col-leagues from the great State of Florida to highlight the successes we have seen since passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. With job growth, wages, and labor participation all up since the passage of this bill, hardworking Americans and businesses are already experi-encing the many improvements that are the result of these reforms to our Tax Code. In its April report, the U.S. Labor Department announced that the unem-ployment rate dropped to 3.9 percent, the lowest level we have seen, Mr. Speaker, in 18 years. The tax cuts and simplification of our Tax Code that we passed only a few months ago, along with our President’s regulatory re-forms and progrowth policies, are cre-ating jobs and restoring confidence in America’s economy. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, we celebrated National Small Business Week to recognize the importance of small businesses across the country. Small businesses are the backbone of the economy and create millions of jobs to help Floridians and Americans pursue a better future for themselves and for their families. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is work-ing for small businesses. According to the National Federation of Independent Business, small businesses are the most optimistic that they have been in near-ly three decades. This is no surprise. The reforms in this bill have dramati-cally improved the way that small businesses are treated under the Tax Code, unleashing hundreds of billions of dollars in tax cuts. Just last month, Mr. Speaker, I toured Magellan Transport Logistics, a service-disabled, veteran-owned logis-tics company in my hometown of Jack-sonville, Florida. They are adding at least 100 new jobs in the next 5 years and were able to acquire a new 47,000- square-foot facility. During the tour of the facility, we were told by the company’s CEO that this expansion is a direct result of the tax cuts that the business received from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This is just one example of the differences that these cuts are making to improve the way of life for countless Americans in Florida and across the Nation. I have heard from many small busi-nesses throughout my district who are thriving unlike never before because of these landmark reforms. As the Representative of Florida’s Fourth District, I am proud to rep-resent the historic city of St. Augus-tine. St. Augustine is known around the world, Mr. Speaker, as the oldest city in America. It is full of unique family and community-owned busi-nesses, including the St. Augustine Distillery. Located in the site of Florida’s oldest ice plant, the St. Augustine Distillery’s opening in 2014 marked the first time that spirits have been distilled and cre-ated in northeast Florida since Prohi-bition. As a young business facing more than their share of regulatory challenges, the St. Augustine Distillery was re-lieved, to say the least, when the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. The distillery announced shortly after the bill’s passage that they would be using their savings to make further in-vestments in their employees and in-crease their equipment and inventory, creating new local jobs and hiring addi-tional staff to manufacture, market, and sell their products. Small businesses are an important part of my community and our econ-omy, but they aren’t the only ones that have been given relief under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, last September, north-east Florida was devastated by Hurri-cane Irma. The storm surge was over 5 feet and dropped more than a foot of rainfall. Our community saw some of the worst flooding in over 100 years along the St. Johns River, and many areas are only now recovering. Because of the Federal tax savings that they received, Tampa Electric, Florida Power & Light, and Duke En-ergy Florida all announced that their customers would not receive a rate in-crease for power restoration costs asso-ciated with these companies’ response to the hurricane damage. With the money that they would have paid in corporate income taxes, these compa-nies were able to recover the cost of re-storing power and repairing the dam-age after Hurricane Irma, which has spared thousands of Floridians an in-crease in their energy bill this year. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the many ways that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has already made a difference in the lives of hardworking men and women in northeast Florida and across the State by allowing them to keep more of their hard-earned money in their paycheck. Tonight, we will hear from a number of my fellow Floridians about the great successes of this bill and helping the lives of Florida families in our district. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida’s First District (Mr. GAETZ ). He a great colleague of mine on the Judiciary Committee and a de-fender of a strong, booming economy. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I cannot say how proud I am to be a Floridian taking the floor this evening to talk about the great value that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is bringing to the folks in the Sunshine State. I am particularly proud that Florida was prepared for this uplift in the econ-omy as a consequence of the work of Congress. Since Governor Scott took control of the Governor’s mansion, our State has reduced over 50,000 regula-tions. We have cut taxes over 50 times. Folks like my colleague, Mr. R
UTH-
ERFORD from Florida, served in our law enforcement community and led to safer streets and safer communities so that we could grow and prosper in a way that was conducive to a family- friendly life. For so long, while we had been cut-ting taxes and fighting for a more com-petitive economic ecosystem, the Fed-eral Government had thrown a wet blanket over the economy. With a cor-porate tax rate that was one of the highest in the world, Florida compa-nies weren’t able to leverage the great talents that were coming out of our State to go and compete because the rules were stacked against us as a con-sequence of bad policies in Washington. I am so proud that during the 115th Congress we were able to pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act so that States like Florida could realize the great benefit of conservative leadership. In my district in north Florida, where we have got a number of hard-working folks particularly in the man-ufacturing center, there is a new sense of economic optimism and prosperity that is sweeping across our State and my region. The National Association of Manu-facturers’ 2018 first quarter Outlook says that 93.5 percent of manufacturers now have a positive outlook regarding the growth of their businesses. This is entirely consistent with the feedback I have gotten from manufacturers such as Ascend Materials and American Elite Molding, where we are competing with the best around the world, and we are winning and growing. Manufacturers in my district have said that one consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is that they are able to reinvest in their facilities: buy new, cutting-edge equipment and grow and expand their physical plant. This cre-ates jobs and better competition—abso-lutely outstanding. Energy cost is something that im-pacts our small businesses and families alike. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Gulf Power, the independ-ently owned utility in my district, is cutting rates so that ratepayers will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.054 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3961 May 15, 2018 
see savings of over $100 million. That is $100 million plowed right back into the economy in my district, right back at the kitchen table at the end of the month. Certainly, it is of great value that we have been able to see that re-sult for our families and for our busi-nesses. Publix is another great business in our State. They are increasing pay for employees, allowing employees to be able to buy into employee stock option programs at greater frequency. Mr. Speaker, whether it is the largest businesses in our State or the smallest, whether it is families that have been prosperous or families that are looking to climb that next peg on the economic ladder, I can say with great sincerity that the feedback as a consequence of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has been en-tirely positive. Folks are more opti-mistic. Ultimately, that will ensure that the State of Florida is able to par-ticipate in a more competitive and pro-ductive economic environment going forward. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I had the great honor as a sheriff in Florida representing the Florida Sher-iffs Association to work with M
ATT G
AETZ when he was in the House. I have to tell you, there is no one that works harder for the State of Florida and this country now that he is in Con-gress. I just want to thank him for the hard work. He has always been a great partner to work with. We had some great successes there, and then to come up here and actually be part of the first tax cuts and reform in over some 30- odd years was significant. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from north central Florida’s Third Dis-trict, Mr. T
EDYOHO. He is a small-busi-ness owner himself who understands taxes and the regulatory burden that businesses face. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the sheriff in a neigh-boring county, for bringing this and putting this on tonight. I think it is great that he is doing this because we need to highlight the successes that we have had. All across the country, America sees the benefits of lower taxes from the GOP Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We are hearing about the tax cuts that benefit hardworking families and those that are benefiting the business community to grow our economy all across the Na-tion. But here in Florida, the average fam-ily of four is saving $2,069 due to the Federal tax reductions. That is $2,000 they didn’t have before that they can use for retirement, college, unplanned expenses, or to invest back into the Florida economy. In addition to the personal cuts to Federal taxes, businesses across the country are giving their tax cuts back to their employees in the form of bo-nuses, retirement benefits, family leave, and increased pay. b1945 We see this in millions of jobs across the Nation. I have never seen this be-fore. I am 63 years old. I remember the ‘86 tax cut when Ronald Reagan and the Republicans did it then. This has been so much more significant, and the impact on the economy is multiples of that. In Florida’s Third Congressional Dis-trict alone, there are several busi-nesses—ranging from large corpora-tions like the Walmarts and Wells Fargo to the small mom-and-pop busi-nesses, such as The Flood Insurance Agency in my district—who are giving back to their employees in our local community. The Flood Insurance Agency in my hometown of Gaines-ville, Florida, gave $1,000 bonuses to each of their 17 full-time employees. $1,000. That is $17,000 reinvested into our community because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that the Republicans passed and President Trump signed into law. Additionally, CenterState Bank, which is headquartered in Davenport, Florida, but has branches in five cities across my district, gave out $1,000 bo-nuses to non-officer employees. These bonuses went to roughly 700 people across the State of Florida. Let me do my math: 700 times $1,000. I believe that is $700,000 being infused into the Florida economy because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Cintas, which has a location in Alachua, Florida, gave all employees of over a year of employment $1,000 bo-nuses and gave $500 bonuses to all em-ployees who have worked there less than a year. While $1,000 may seem like crumbs to some in Congress, as we heard that day of the vote—they are just mere crumbs—we find that that is not the truth when we get out to the district. These bonuses are invested in the people of Florida, not to mention an in-vestment of over $700,000 into the Flor-ida economy. And this is just from three businesses listed above, not in-cluding Walmart raising wages for 67,500 employees—that is just in Flor-ida—or the bonuses Lowe’s gave to 21,000 employees, just in Florida. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is bene-fiting all Americans. Individuals know how best to use the money they earned, not government, whether by saving or by reinvesting in their community. By lowering the tax burden on working Americans and businesses, we have incentivized hard work and invest-ment. When this happens, tax revenues rise and people thrive, not only because of a lower tax burden, but also because businesses now have the means to rein-vest in their employees and in their community. When that money goes back to the people, they know how best to spend that, not government. It was inter-esting: As I was touring through our district, as we often do when we go back home, I have never had this hap-pen—this is my third term in Con-gress—I was at an event, a ribbon-cut-ting, and I had two unsolicited people come up to me, and they thanked us for the Republicans’ Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This happened on multiple occa-sions. One individual came up to me, again, this was unsolicited—we know, as Members of Congress, that this doesn’t happen often—but he goes: I want to let you know that because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act I am receiving an extra $120 per paycheck, and I get paid twice a month. That is $2,880 in crumbs he is getting. Another individual at the same event came up and said—and they didn’t know each other. This was so neat, be-cause he came up to me and he said: I just want to let you know, because of the tax cut, I am getting an extra $500 a month, $500 a month times 12 months. That is $6,000 a year. He was excited. I was excited for him. A local trucking company we went by in the small town of Starke, he had out on his billboard: Beginning Janu-ary 15, all drivers, all employees, get a 15 percent pay raise. And when I talked to him, he said it was because of the tax bill, the tax reform, that we did. These are, again, unsolicited. Another individual called me up, he has got an air-conditioning and heating contract company, he told me that he gave out an extra $74,000 in bonuses due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. And I had a family member who sometimes isn’t user-friendly—he is retired—and he called me up and said he was receiv-ing an extra $120 a month, and he thanked me. Again, some from the other side of the aisle claimed that this tax bill was nothing but mere crumbs, mere crumbs, and only benefiting the wealthy. The examples I just read off are from the Joe-lunch-box type, peo-ple out there working every day, five days a week, just the average moms and dads who, at the end of the month, are sitting around their dining room table wondering if they are going to have more month than money at the end of the month. They are realizing that they have extra crumbs at the end of the month, and they thanked me. They came up to me, they thanked me. They thanked the Republican Party. They thanked President Trump for signing this into law. And they thanked us for the extra crumbs. As I was leaving, one of the individ-uals—and I had to laugh at this—says: When the next election comes up, just remind your colleagues on the other side that it is the economy, stupid. And he smiled, and that is all he had to say. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman putting this on. Great job. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my good friend from central Florida, T
EDYOHO, and I have had those same conversations with constituents back home. The gen-tleman is absolutely right. They don’t think it is crumbs. It is very signifi-cant in their lives. And I can tell you, as a freshman, I was very proud to be here at a very historic moment. And I think this Congress can be very proud 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.056 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3962 May 15, 2018 
of what was accomplished through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act because it is truly impacting on people’s lives. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this time to thank all of my colleagues from Florida who joined with me this evening to highlight the successes of this historic tax reform. Across the Nation and back home in Florida, we have seen the incredible impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. More than 500 companies have an-nounced pay raises, bonuses, increased 401(k) contributions, or even lower util-ity rates. Direct bonus announcements have reached over $4 billion across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, that is $4 billion in direct bonuses to employees all across this Nation. That $4 billion is going back into our economy and into the hands of hardworking Americans rather than to the IRS. Folks, this is just the beginning. Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, and as my good friend from central Florida said, these are not crumbs. These are loaves of bread for countless Americans who have been living paycheck to pay-check, unsure about how they would be able to feed their families. These re-forms, which are the largest in over 30 years, are helping grow small busi-nesses and breathing life back into the American Dream for so many. So I want to, again, thank my col-leagues from the great State of Florida for joining me this evening to shine a light on these great successes for Flo-ridians and for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for this oppor-tunity. I am particularly pleased to have the opportunity to follow my col-leagues on the Republican side as they were talking about the tax bill that passed the House of Representatives, the Senate, and was signed into law last December. I always like to start my discussions here on the floor by some sense of pur-pose, some sense of what, at least, I, and I think many of my Democratic colleagues are trying to accomplish and the many different ways that this might be accomplished. But this is a statement of values. It comes from Franklin Delano Roosevelt during the Great Depression. It could easily apply to the Great Recession in 2008 and ‘09, and it even applies today, and certainly applies to the tax cut that took place in December. Let me read this to you. He said, Franklin Delano Roosevelt: ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.’’ A statement of value. A statement of purpose. Having listened to my colleagues talk about the great tax cut, I think we need to understand exactly what it was all about and the implications of that tax cut and what it means to America, not just to the working men and women that was so well discussed by our colleagues. And indeed, they did get a benefit from the tax cut. However, I think we need to under-stand the size of that tax cut. It is esti-mated that that tax cut will reduce the revenues to the Federal Treasury; that is, to the American Government and all of the programs that it does—fund-ing the military; funding Social Secu-rity and Medicare, Medicaid—keeping in mind that about 60-some percent of the Medicaid money across this Nation goes to seniors who are in nursing homes and care facilities; keeping in mind that that money is used to sub-sidize farmers out there, to provide conservation programs, to educate our kids, to train our workers. So the tax cut really drained from the Treasury about $1.6 trillion, $1.8 trillion over the next decade. That is a pretty good sum of money. Where did it go? Who benefited from it? Did the working men and women, the people who, it was so eloquently stated, are sitting around the kitchen table trying to figure out what to do at the end of the month? Certainly there is a benefit there, but do keep in mind that that benefit ends in just five years, six years from now. So it is not a permanent benefit, but it is a benefit that is of im-portance. But where did the money really go? We sometimes call this the great scam, because it is sold one way but the re-ality is different. The top 1 percent and American corporations received 87 per-cent of that $1.6 trillion. The top 1 per-cent and America’s great corporations. Presumably, the corporations were going to bring jobs to America. Let me give you two examples. But first, where did the remaining 17 percent go? Well, it went to all the other Americans. It went to those small businessmen and women who were discussed a moment ago, mom and pop sitting around the table. They got 17 percent of the $1.6 trillion. The top 1 percent of Americans and American corporations took the rest of the pie, 83 percent of it. So what are we to make of this? Well, we can make that, wow, this wasn’t how it was sold. And what did the corporations do with it? Well, out in California—and I am from California—there is a com-pany called Apple. Keep in mind that they do research in the United States. They develop the various software and apps and so forth. The manufacturing is done over in China, for the most part. Some of the assembly comes back to America. They were able to repatriate from their overseas earnings, as a result of this, over $100 billion. That $100 billion is going to be used over the next sev-eral months and probably year or so to create jobs in America? No. No. That money is going to be used to buy back stock, which will have the very nice event of enriching those who own Apple stock. Do any of you out there own Apple stock? Well, if you do, it is good. You are going to get some cash. If you do own Apple stock and you don’t choose to sell your stock, guess what? The stock price is going to go up because there are fewer shares around and the earnings per share can remain the same. b2000 It is a great scam. And, oh, by the way, the executives benefit by the stock price going up. So maybe there is something to be said for that. Another company, Pfizer, big Amer-ican pharmaceutical company, got about $5 billion to $6 billion of reduced taxes as a result of this tax scam. Did they create jobs with it? No. The day that they announced that their taxes were going to be reduced by that much, they eliminated their Alz-heimer’s research program, saying that they would rather spend their money on buying back stock than engaging in pharmaceutical research to deal with the most expensive element of the Medicare program, Alzheimer’s, and similarly, Medicare. Oh, and, by the way, every family in America is affected by dementia and Alzheimer’s either directly or indi-rectly. So, there you go, the great tax scam. Now, let me talk about another thing. You may not have known this, but this is infrastructure week in America. Now, the President is off tweeting, as he did on Sunday, which is the beginning of the week, that he was concerned about China. He was con-cerned about a company called ZTE, which is a big Chinese telecom com-pany that manufactures smartphones or not-so-smart phones. It seems as though those phones can be used for espionage, and that is why our military will not allow military members to own phones manufactured by this company and not allow these phones to be sold on military bases around the world, because, guess what, China is able to use them, we believe, for espionage purposes, that is, to gath-er all the information that comes off the smartphone. So this is infrastructure week, but, apparently, the President, in his tweet, said he is concerned about the lost jobs in China; and, therefore, he has ordered the Commerce Department to end the restrictions on this Chinese telecom company so that that company can buy some things from the United States and can then have a lot of jobs in China. Gee, Mr. President, I thought it was about making America great again, not making China great again. But I digress. Do you recognize this picture? This is a picture of the Inter-state 5 bridge just north of Seattle, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.057 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3963 May 15, 2018 
on the other side of this river is Van-couver, British Columbia. American in-frastructure, this is infrastructure week in America, the President is off worrying about jobs in China. I am worried about infrastructure in America. We have some 56,000 bridges in America that are deficient, subject to collapse. Oh, Interstate 5, that is just a little road out on the West Coast that goes from Canada to Mexico, through Washington, Oregon, and Cali-fornia. It is the artery of commerce on the West Coast, and it has an infra-structure problem. A little closer to my home is this. This is the largest waterfall in Amer-ica, and, I would dare say, would rival the great falls on the Zambezi River in Africa. This is one big waterfall, or is this a spillway on the largest dam in America? Well, it is both. It is the spillway at the Oroville Dam that failed a winter ago—actually two winters ago now. An infrastructure problem just down river from this mas-sive waterfall is a place called Marysville and Yuba City and Live Oak, communities that I represent— 200,000 people had maybe an hour to evacuate. Had it not stopped raining, an emergency spillway over here, which was being overtopped, would have failed, and a 30-foot wall of water would have descended upon the town of Oroville in about 30 minutes and downriver in about 2 hours. Infrastructure in America: 56,000 bridges, tens of thousands of dams, and we have $1.6 trillion taken out of the Treasury, and we wonder why we can-not repair our roads, our water sys-tems, our sanitation systems. It is about that—what was it?—a movie. I forget the name of it now: ‘‘Show Me the Money.’’ Well, here is where the money went, to the top 1 percent. And the President decides that he ought to have an infrastructure plan and he ought to have an infrastructure week, so he develops an infrastructure plan. Here it is, the President’s infra-structure plan. It actually was said to be a $1.2 trillion infrastructure plan, and then, you know, we do what we kind of do around here, we read the de-tails, and it was one of those ‘‘OMG’’ moments. The details are: Wait a minute, Mr. President, I know you are worried about jobs in China, but if you are wor-ried about jobs in the United States, your infrastructure plan doesn’t meas-ure up. What it actually does, it cuts some—this is over 10 years—$122 billion out of highway safety. The TIGER grants, which are grants for special projects, some in my dis-trict, to repair a two-lane road, which is known as Death Valley, those are gone. Amtrak—anybody travel on Am-trak? Well, they are going to take a— what is that?—$7.5 billion cut; Rural Air Services, half a billion; Army Corps of Engineers, we are talking floods here, we are talking floods in Houston. Well, what do we do there? Oh, yeah. Well, we are going to cut that, too. The infrastructure plan was a paper tiger. There is no money. In fact, when you added up the money, it was actu-ally less than what we spend today. We need a real plan. We need A Bet-ter Deal for America, and it is the de-termination of my party, the Demo-cratic Party here, that we can and we must provide A Better Deal for Amer-ica. Not just in infrastructure, which I will talk about in a moment, but in education, in the environment, in jobs, job training, wages, business opportu-nities, trade policy. All of these things are part of our program, which we like to call it A Better Deal for America. It is not the phony-baloney infra-structure program that the President proposed. It is a program that has the potential, if we could enact the laws, to really build a proper infrastructure. And as we do that, an issue that my team has been talking about for the better part of 8 or 9 years now— this little placard is getting worn out—we call it ‘‘Make it in America.’’ We are pleased that the President has taken up that subject. In his speeches during the campaign, in his programs that he put forth, he talks about Mak-ing it in America, and I suppose that is why he tweeted out that he was con-cerned about Chinese jobs and making China great again. But the Making it in America agenda is based on several things. First of all, a real infrastructure program. There are several that we have proposed, one of which was, unfortunately, made dif-ficult to put in place because of the tax program that the President and the Re-publicans put forth. What we wanted to do—remember that money I talked about Apple bring-ing home? We wanted to take that money that Apple and other corpora-tions had stashed overseas and bring that money back to America, put it into an infrastructure bank, giving the corporations an opportunity to earn a good interest on that and maybe even a profit over time, and use that infra-structure bank to finance infrastruc-ture programs of all kinds: highways, rail projects, upgrading Amtrak, look-ing at the water systems, the sanita-tion systems of America. It could have worked. It has been talked about for years. But with the tax scam having gone into place, that money just came back from overseas and now winds its way to people that already have a lot of money and is used for buying back stock, not used for re-search and development, which we would have had in the tax plan that we put together. The gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ) had put together this piece of legislation—bipartisan, could have, should have, would have if the Repub-licans had cared to work with the Democrats on a real tax plan that would be used to build the infrastruc-ture. There was a better deal, A Better Deal for America, and a good deal for the corporations and for the wealthy, because as you grow the American economy, we know that people go to work. We know that that then grows the economy, and the entire ship is lifted up by the tide that we would have put in place with that tax pro-gram that, unfortunately, was not even heard in committee, not even given a 5- second review. But, anyway, we need to move on. The ranking member is a top Democrat on the Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee, Mr. DEFAZIO, has pro-posed a piece of legislation for the highway system and transit that he calls a ‘‘Penny for Progress.’’ It would have increased the Federal excise tax by a percent—by 1 cent. Not a percent, by 1 cent. And then over the next 20 to 30 years, allow that to increase with inflation and use that to pay back about $400 bil-lion of bonds that would be issued—not much different than the infrastructure bank proposal in which we would use the revenue flow from the excise tax to pay off these bonds so that in the next decade we would not only have the money we presently have, which is about $500 billion or $600 billion over a 10-year period, plus this $450 billion, maybe $500 billion of new money from the Penny for Progress program, and then we can really get things going. We figure that if we could have done that—and we are not giving up—we could probably employ 16 million Americans building the infrastructure of America. That is our goal. We are looking forward to A Better Deal for Americans, one in which there is a real infrastructure program, not a phony- baloney, pie-in-the-sky paper talk but not real talk, an infrastructure pro-gram that can really develop this Na-tion. We are not just looking at the trans-portation highway system and transit systems. We are also looking at broadband. I represent a large rural community. You can’t get internet service out there, let alone broadband service. How can you grow a rural com-munity if you are disconnected from the modern economy? And, unfortu-nately, too many of my people are. We need research. I talked about Pfizer taking their tax cut, billions, not investing it in research, not invest-ing it in Alzheimer’s, but rather invest-ing it in their stock price. We need that kind of research because from the research comes tomorrow’s businesses, comes the next opportunities that are out there. We need to make sure the wages across America are good. That is why we stand with those organizations that are able to bargain collectively and raise the wage rate of Americans in whatever business, in whatever sector of the economy they may be in. Another proposal that I will soon be talking about is a much better deal for our maritime industry. It wasn’t more than three decades ago that we had about 500 ships that were built in America, they were flagged by Amer-ican laws, and they had American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.060 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3964 May 15, 2018 
mariners on it. Today, we have less than 80. We need to rebuild our commercial shipbuilding opportunities. We need to be able to build ships in America for the export of oil and natural gas, a strategic national asset, because our military, while it may fly here and there, it depends upon shipments across the ocean. b2015 I can tell you one thing: We cannot depend upon China, or someone other than our own ships, to deliver our mili-tary, wherever they may need to be. We are going to introduce a bill in the coming weeks that we would call ‘‘Energizing the American Maritime Industry.’’ Thousands upon thousands of jobs in the shipyards of America; and, when those ships come online, thousands of jobs for American mari-ners and American security. A better deal for America includes a lot of different elements: Better edu-cation system, better wages, better in-frastructure, better research, and bet-ter family opportunities across this Nation. I draw the attention of my col-leagues—on both the Democratic and Republican side—to where my Repub-lican colleagues had taken the previous hour. They wanted to talk about the tax cut. Well, I am going to end up with this, some real news headlines a couple of weeks ago: ‘‘Republican Tax Cuts to Fuel Historic U.S. Deficits: CBO’’—the Congressional Budget Office—as re-ported April 9, 2018, by Reuters; ‘‘Def-icit to Top $1 Trillion Per Year by 2020, CBO Says’’—the Congressional Budget Office—reported in The Washington Post on April 9, 2018; ‘‘CBO: GOP Poli-cies Add Nearly $1.6 Trillion to Def-icit,’’ reported by Axios; and ‘‘wider than previously expected deficits and a mostly temporary spurt in economic growth,’’ reported by the Wall Street Journal. If you are looking for a better deal for America, take a look at what our Democrats are proposing. It is a good program. It covers all of the elements that are necessary to see this country remain the wealthiest, remain the strongest, the most vibrant, the most entrepreneurial, and the most oppor-tunity for every American, no matter where they may start in their life. We want all of them to end up with a bet-ter life, and we intend to put before them a better deal. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5698, PROTECT AND SERVE ACT OF 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF S. 2372, VET-ERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT COR-RECTION ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2, AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–677) on the resolution (H. Res. 891) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement officers, and for other pur-poses; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2372) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the House Calendar and or-dered to be printed. 
f 
AMERICAN WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to talk about a topic that is forefront on the minds of Americans of all ages. It is a topic at dinner tables across the country, and is finally be-coming a leading national news story. We are here to talk about workforce development. The American workforce has under-gone a radical transformation in recent years. Right now, there are 6.6 million unfilled jobs in this country in a phe-nomenon known as the skills gap. Those jobs are unfilled because too many Americans are unskilled, despite the fact that we have record-high num-bers of people attending postsecondary education. At the Education and the Workforce Committee, workforce development is at the heart of what we do. All edu-cation is career education, and that means all education is workforce devel-opment. Education, as most of us know, and many of us have experienced, is the sure path out of poverty for millions of Americans. For all of us, it should give us the tools we need to cultivate the talents God has given us. Whether through a baccalaureate degree, a pro-fessional certificate, or any of the new and innovative stackable credentials, Americans look to the educational sys-tem for options. Mr. Speaker, I am joined here to-night by some of my colleagues from the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, as Ms. F
OXXhas said, we, right now, have the lowest unemployment in years. I think we are doing all we can to im-prove America’s climate. Our taxes are lower. Our regulatory agencies, I think, are the most pro-freedom, pro- business we have had in years. But the biggest problem that I find again and again, as I go around my dis-trict—and I should point out that Wis-consin’s Sixth Congressional District has more manufacturing jobs in it than any other district in the country—is that we can’t find enough people to work. A little bit of that problem is due to the government competing with the private sector and providing people compensation for not working at all. But a lot of the problem is that our educational system has let America down in that they have turned their back on skills-based training. I think the number one thing holding back America’s industry manufac-turing sector right now is a lack of people with skills to do the job, not only manufacturing, but construction, as well. Again and again, we have a shortage of welders, we have a shortage of CNC operators, in construction, shortages all across the board. If you look at the people who are still working frequently into their fifties and sixties, what is the reason? The reason is this myth out there, per-petrated in part by the mainstream media, but, in part, by the educational establishment, that you should get a vague 4-year degree—a degree in com-munication arts, a degree in psy-chology, something like that—which, too often, is leading to a low-paid job and a high-paid college debt. If, instead, you would go to, let’s say, a trade school—as I do in my district— you can have people who become ap-prentices and make money as they are earning. They can wind up making $70,000, or $80,000, or $90,000 before they are 25 years old, when some of their classmates are still ringing up the debt in the traditional college. The Higher Education and Workforce Development Subcommittee, as we work through our bills, again and again is looking to fill this gap. We can no longer do this disservice to so many young people, encouraging them down an expensive path that does not lead to a well-paid job. The future of America depends on its construction and its manufacturing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.061 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3965 May 15, 2018 
We cannot continue to be a great coun-try if our factories do not get some of the best minds and hardest working people to do the work. So I encourage anyone out there lis-tening—particularly, anyone advising young people, be they professional guidance counselors who have so often let people down, or parents, or grand-parents, or other mentors—look into skills-based education. Carefully com-pare how much people who take this route are making compared to people who go to a 4-year college. Look at how much debt they are ringing up com-pared to how much debt other people are ringing up. Mr. Speaker, together, we can work as hard as we can to solve America’s skills gap, which is absolutely nec-essary if the United States continues to become the manufacturing center of the world. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. G
ROTHMAN for his comments. I agree with Mr. G
ROTHMAN that this is an issue every American needs to be made more aware of. Many are. Every week, every day, I meet with people from my district and outside of my district who come in to see me who say that they have jobs in their compa-nies, in their manufacturing plants, and in their restaurants that they can-not fill because they cannot find the people with the skills to fill those jobs. Everyone in this country has a stake in the future of our country, so we are hoping that everyone will wake up to the skills gap and see what part he or she can play in it. I know that members of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee have become very well aware of this from their own districts and from their own experiences, many of them as em-ployers before they came to the United States Congress. One of the people that I know that is very attuned to the need in the workforce is our colleague, Mr. R
ONESTES, from the great State of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address one of the impor-tant drivers of our economy: The way we develop the workforce of tomorrow. Since the founding of our country, American workers have led the way in being the most productive and innova-tive in the world. However, technology and changing demands require that we identify new ways to maintain our competitive edge. After nearly 10 years of stagnant growth, our economy is, once again, booming, thanks to cutting taxes and cutting regulations. Yet today, our economy faces a new challenge. At this moment, there are a record 6.6 million job openings in our country. While we currently have the lowest unemployment rate in 18 years, there are still millions of Americans looking for a job. However, every day, I hear from employers throughout Kansas, and our country, about their difficulty filling open jobs because our workforce does not have all the skills it needs. I believe this is because, for decades, politicians, educators, and even par-ents, have told students that the only way to succeed is to get a 4-year col-lege degree. While a college degree is extremely important, some jobs are critical in requiring that. Today, we are seeing that many college students are graduating with crippling student loan debt and have trouble finding a job, while we have a shortage of skilled labor positions, such as welders, ma-chinists, truck drivers, and people with other needed skills. Because of this, I believe we have no choice but to change the way we are developing our workforce. We need to empower students to have more oppor-tunities to prepare for the careers they want, whether through technical schools, community colleges, or uni-versities. Kansans have led the way with this by passing Kansas Senate bill S. 155, which allows high school students to graduate with either, or both, a tech-nical or college-ready certificate. Through this effort, I believe Kansans can serve as a model for this country on how we train our workforce. As a Member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I have been proud to work on several ways to do this, including amending the Prosper Act, which will reform higher education and student aid, to allow students to complete work stud-ies as apprentices in the fields that they are studying. That amendment will help students to be more marketable once they finish their degrees, and builds on our need to support apprenticeship programs throughout the country. This also helps minimize outlandish student loan debt too many students and families are racking up. In addition to working on the Pros-per Act, I have also proposed the HOPE Act, which will allow TANF assistance dollars to go toward a successful work-force development program, one which is called Jobs for America’s Graduates, or JAG. Earlier this month, I met with some JAG students at Newton High School in Newton, Kansas, and heard about how the program has prepared them for their careers after high school. Allow-ing more TANF dollars to go toward this program can help many at-risk students and get more people off of as-sistance and on to successful lives. These are part of our overall goal of making sure every American can get the skills they need to fulfill their po-tential. b2030 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman F
OXXand the Education and the Work-force Committee for their work to-wards this goal. Together, we can ad-vance legislation which will maintain and grow America’s leadership in our global economy. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ESTES for being here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I want to brag a little on Kansas, also. I had the opportunity last year to visit in Congressman E
STES’ district and see firsthand the cooperation going on there among the different levels of education—the high schools, community colleges, State universities—and working with busi-ness and industry, particularly the aerospace industry. Mr. Speaker, I ask Mr. E
STES if he would like to add to his comments about the great program going on there because I, frankly, have gone all over the country and talked about that in-novative program that is going on there. I yield to the gentleman. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, that is right. We have an innovative aerostructure environment in Wichita. In fact, Wichita is known as the air capital of the world. We are always looking for skilled employees to fill those jobs, to help keep planes running, keep parts being produced through the process. Our businesses have worked with community colleges and partnered with Wichita State University and are partnering with high schools to help make sure that the skills are available so those employers can have the em-ployees that they need to help keep their operations running. It has been a great transition we have made as we have gone through the baby boomers, who are now starting to retire and starting to leave the work-force. We need to make sure that we have enough skilled employees to re-place them as they are retiring and make sure that we keep America’s economy growing strong. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I think, again, the program that Mr. E
STES has there in Wichita is a good role model. It is an indication, again, that we are sort of going back to the future. In the past, most of our education in-stitutions paid attention to where the jobs were in this country and educated people to be prepared for the jobs. There are people who sometimes can be critical of us on the committee for say-ing that we spend too much time em-phasizing people getting a job and per-haps not enough emphasizing a liberal education. Well, I am a huge fan of lib-eral education. My undergraduate de-gree is in English, but thank goodness I learned to type in high school because that typing skill is what helped me get through college as I worked my way through. All of us need skills. English majors of today need skills: computer skills, graphic skills. We don’t want to dimin-ish the role of liberal education. We want to just make sure that students have a clear understanding of what their choices are going to be when they enter a postsecondary institution and what they might expect when they exit that institution. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ), another 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.063 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3966 May 15, 2018 
member of our committee who is very well versed in the issues related to workforce development and education, who has done yeoman’s work on many issues related to the workforce and education. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman F
OXXfor yielding. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentle-woman’s emphasis on preparing people for the real world through educational experiences that expand not only their abilities, but also their dreams. A lot of times the best education takes place when a person is dreaming. I have seen a lot of things happen in Michigan as a result of people all of a sudden being caught with a sweet spot dream saying, ‘‘Could I do that?’’ and they have done it. Since coming to Congress, my top priority has been creating good-paying jobs and growing a healthy economy in Michigan. We have had our challenges. We are delighted to see some very posi-tive things taking place in Michigan, and specifically in my district. That is why every year we hold a large job fair at multiple places in my district. We had one just last week, in fact. Over the years, we have helped the hardworking men and women in our communities find employment, further their education, and pursue career ad-vancement opportunities. That is a key: to let them know that they can advance; they are not stuck; you can always move on. When we did our first job fair back in 2011, the national unemployment rate was around 9 percent. Now it is down below 4 percent for the first time since 2000. As our economy continues to thrive, there are currently 6.6 million job openings waiting to be filled across the country, and businesses are anxious to hire workers with the right experience to fill them. I just met with six of those employ-ers just before coming here, and their only concern is: How do we fill the jobs that we have to take on all the con-tracted projects in construction that we have? My colleagues and I on the Education and the Workforce Committee are working in a bipartisan way to help bridge the skills gap by expanding ca-reer and technical education. In today’s economy, we need to cele-brate the fact that not everyone fol-lows the same path. That is a good thing. We need to move beyond the no-tion that a 4-year degree is the only way to climb the ladder of opportunity. In Michigan, we have a number of community colleges, career centers, and school districts leading the way in career and technical education. I think they have heard Chairwoman F
OXX speak and they have gotten the point. We let it slide too long, and now we are picking up. These programs have helped numerous students thrive and develop a diverse and marketable skill set that prospective employers are seeking. The bipartisan legislation we passed in the House will strengthen CTE pro-grams to help more students obtain the in-demand skills and jobs of the future. The House-passed bill will also remove unnecessary and duplicative licensing requirements that act as a barrier for workers trying to get their foot in the door. Coming from Michigan, we have a long and rich tradition of manufac-turing, engineering, and other highly skilled fields. Our State’s hardworking men and women are second to none. I am here tonight to say let’s keep up the momentum. Let’s continue to in-vest in building a talented and dy-namic workforce and help prepare our people for a lifetime of success. And, oh, may I add, enjoyment in a sweet spot that they have found by being educated for the real-world jobs that make a difference. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for the opportunity to speak on this issue tonight. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gressman WALBERG for speaking on to-night’s Special Order topic. I appre-ciate the comments that he has made, and I appreciate the leadership that he has brought to the Education and the Workforce Committee in so many ways. The gentleman’s comments about being with employers tonight mirror the experiences that I have had where, again, every employer that comes to see me says: You know, we love the tax cut bill. It is allowing us to hire more people. The only problem is we can’t find people with the skills to take those jobs. So what are we going to do? So this is an issue, again, that faces all of us. The Federal Government can-not solve this issue alone. It is going to take the local schools, K–12, as well as community colleges, as well as univer-sities, as well as business and industry to come together to figure out ways to solve this problem. Of course, what we are doing with the career and technical education bill as well as with the PROSPER Act is to provide the framework for those people to do what needs to be done out there. We are taking the heavy hand of the Federal Government away and saying: We want you to make many, many de-cisions at the local level, colleges and universities to make decisions. I think we are on the right track. With the leadership of Mr. W
ALBERG  and other members of the committee, I think we are going to get there. Mr. WALBERG. Will the gentle-woman yield? Ms. FOXX. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, on that very point, I think it is crucial to un-derstand that, if we are going to get people educated for real-world jobs, we are going to have to sometimes move the whole system out of its comfort zone, and that means higher education as well. It can’t be assumed that that is the only game in town when, in fact, employers are looking for something in certain cases very different and very unique and very specific, custom made to fit those jobs. Then, as the gentlewoman knows bet-ter than probably any of us, these same employers will add to the benefit by adding additional training opportuni-ties for these good employees to con-tinue to upgrade their skills with more education. That is where we see higher education is going to have to compete and come to an understanding that it is a different world now and there are changes that have to take place if we are going to continue to succeed. I ap-preciate that point, and we need to get it done. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Mr. WALBERG for being here to-night. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), another stellar member of the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, who in the past has led the way in the area of career and technical edu-cation in particular, but is well versed in education in all areas. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman F
OXX for yielding and for her leader-ship in the area of education, work-force development, career and tech-nical education. It is greatly appre-ciated and a pleasure and honor to work with the gentlewoman. Mr. Speaker, every Member of this Chamber is familiar with the issue sur-rounding the skills gap. The American workforce currently faces a shortage of 6 million skilled workers. That number continues to grow at a rate faster than anybody could anticipate. We expected not to hit 6 million job openings until the year 2020, and here we are, 6.5 mil-lion jobs open and available that need to be filled here in 2018. Employers from numerous different fields have weighed in on the issue, and the majority of employers agree that vacant positions remain unfilled be-cause candidates lack many of the skills that they need for a given job. While soft skills, such as communica-tions, creativity, collaboration, and critical thinking are important for many jobs requiring daily interaction and working as part of a team, hard skills, which are learned in a classroom or a skills-based course, have signifi-cantly contributed to the skills gap. As a senior member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce as well as co-chair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, I believe that by modernizing the current Fed-eral law and investing in skills-based education programs, we can begin to narrow the skills gap, put people back to work, and continue to grow this economy. The Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act has not been up-dated in more than a decade. The law no longer reflects the realities and challenges facing students and workers today. Current policies restrict the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.065 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3967 May 15, 2018 
ability of State leaders to invest Fed-eral resources and prioritize economic growth and local needs. It fails them in having the flexibility to be able to react to immediate workforce needs. In an effort to close the skills gap, my colleague Congressman R
AJA K
RISHNAMOORTHI and I introduced H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Cen-tury Act. H.R. 2353 makes impactful changes to the law by giving authority back to the State and local leaders, who have a thorough understanding of the regional workforce; aligning career and tech-nical education programs with high- skilled, lucrative, and in-demand jobs; and increasing transparency and ac-countability, while also assessing the success of skills-based education pro-grams; and limiting the Department of Education’s role in the CTE programs, empowering the State and the local leaders. Now, while this bipartisan legislation passed the House unanimously last year and still awaits action in the Sen-ate, in a time when critical industries have vacant jobs but not enough quali-fied workers to fill them, it is impera-tive that we work to get this bill signed into law for the prosperity of our economy and for the future of our workforce. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for the opportunity to weigh in on this important topic. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. T
HOMPSON for his time tonight. Again, I appreciate the work that he has done in this field session after session, and I appreciate the way he approaches his work on the Education and the Work-force Committee. We respect the gen-tleman greatly, and he is well re-spected by all of his colleagues here. Mr. Speaker, we are all pushing to get the bill passed out of the Senate and are very, very hopeful. In addition, we keep our fingers crossed. b2045 We pray, we keep our fingers crossed, and we hope. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ), another one of the great members of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her work in orga-nizing this Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of workforce develop-ment in America. Over the past 1
1⁄2years, this Congress has been working diligently to turn this economy around and get Ameri-cans across the country back to work. After passing the most comprehen-sive tax overhaul in 30 years and roll-ing back Obama-era rules and regula-tions, our economy is beginning to thrive, and the need for a developed and established workforce is more cru-cial right now than ever before. The simple fact is our workforce is aging and there are not enough people who currently have the skills to take the positions of retirees nor the thou-sands of private sector jobs being cre-ated every day in this new economy. And with over 6 million jobs available in this country as we speak, we have to ensure that our young people today are equipped for the job market of tomor-row. In fact, I enjoy meeting with young people and talking about this era in which, when they are educated, they have the greatest opportunity of any generation that I am aware of to find a job in an upward economy in just about every field that they desire. As someone who has worked in the construction industry for my entire ca-reer, I know firsthand how difficult it is to find skilled workers. And as a member of House Education and the Workforce Committee, this is why I was proud of supporting the Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act and the PROS-PER Act, both pieces of legislation that bridge the gap between the busi-ness community and our education ef-forts. Make no mistake, getting an edu-cation is essential, but it is equally im-portant that our education efforts are aligned with the in-demand jobs in our communities. In order to cultivate a qualified workforce for the future, our education and business communities must work together so our kids and grandkids have the opportunity to achieve the American Dream. As I said, I believe that opportunity is the best today that it has ever been. Back home in Georgia’s 12th District, I have visited small business after small business. And one question I al-ways ask is: What is your biggest chal-lenge? And the answer to that question almost every single time is: Workers. As a business owner, the greatest joy in my life was creating jobs. I look back, and I look at the buildings we built in the construction industry, and we got pretty good at it. But I will tell you, the one thing, when I look back, and the greatest joy that I had in life, was giving folks a good job, allowing them the dignity and respect that they deserve, to empower them to fulfill their God-given right to provide for their families, to provide for their com-munities, and yes, provide for this Na-tion; an opportunity I believe should be available to all Americans. One of the top factors in where a business decides to locate is based on workforce, and with Georgia being named as the number one State to lo-cate your business for the past 5 years in a row, our workforce needs in Geor-gia are growing each and every day. I will continue to work with my col-leagues in this body on the House Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee to ensure that we have an available workforce equipped with the skills nec-essary to jump directly into that work-force. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank Chairwoman F
OXXfor her lead-ership work here and her work here this evening in bringing attention to this critical matter. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. ALLEN . He and the other members of the committee who have been here to-night, as well as Members who serve on the committee, bring real-life experi-ences and help us better understand what it is that we need to be doing on the committee and in the Congress. Again, this skills gap is something that is of concern to all Americans and should be of concern to all Americans. The Education and the Workforce Com-mittee is doing its best to present good legislation to pass here so that the Federal Government can again give the structure that is needed for business and industry to do what it needs to do. We are the greatest country in the world. We will continue to be the greatest country in the world as long as we respond to the needs of our cul-ture and keep our country moving in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues again and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
THE HISTORY OF ROBERT MUELLER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I do ap-preciate the words of my friend from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX), and she has an amendment that is going to help a lot of folks in my district. Mr. Speaker, I continue to hear some people say that they think Robert Mueller is going to be fair-minded, he is going to do a good job. But I think probably more than any of my Repub-lican friends that profess to think they know Robert Mueller, I don’t think they know him as well as I do, and on the research I have done on the man, the dealings I have had with him, the questions I have asked him. But I don’t think they know him as well as Eric Holder does, and Eric Hold-er said a month or so ago he has known Bob Mueller for 20, 30 years, and, in es-sence, he wasn’t going to stop until he found something he could pin on Don-ald Trump. That is the essence, and I think he is right. We see from Robert Mueller’s history that when he decides somebody is not a good person, even when he is 100 per-cent wrong, then it justifies in his mind putting them in prison, leaving them for the rest of their lives, de-stroying their lives, destroying any friendships, family, caring relation-ship. He doesn’t care. He has destroyed good people, com-pletely destroyed good people, and as he has said more than once after he has destroyed good people, and in the case of Dr. Hatfill, the government had an over $6 million payout to him for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.067 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3968 May 15, 2018 
way Bob Mueller destroyed his life as an innocent individual, he said he had nothing to apologize for. And see, in his mind, he doesn’t think he does. He is justified in de-stroying anybody he doesn’t like, any-body he disagrees with. And he is de-termined in his mind that Donald Trump is somebody that needs to be brought down. It is so ironic, though. Here he was, pleading for the job of Director of the FBI again. He had already been that once. He did more damage than any-body since J. Edgar Hoover, and got 2 extra years because Obama liked the way that he was protecting President Obama and Eric Holder, and they gave him 2 extra years, much to the dismay of so many good FBI agents around the country and the thousands and thou-sands of years of experience of good FBI agents that he ran off, leaving our country all the more vulnerable be-cause of his bad decisions. But after I had had some of our Mem-bers approach me after a Republican Conference and say: Louie, you know so much about Robert Mueller. Is there one article we could go read where we would kind of get up to speed on his background? And I said: Well, there are hundreds of articles I have read; some helpful, some not. But every time I did prepara-tion to question him when he came be-fore our committee, I did more and more study. And they said it would really be helpful if we had one place we could just go read stuff about Robert Mueller’s background. So that inspired me to start writing, and I accumulated from other writers, always giving them proper credit, and put together a 48-page article about Bob Mueller. This does scratch the sur-face, but there is so much more that could be touched. Apparently, he served honorably and well in Vietnam, but that doesn’t give him the right to ruin the country. It doesn’t give him the right to destroy innocent people’s lives. And so here is just one chapter from my 48-page article, Mr. Speaker, and this particular chapter is entitled ‘‘Death of Dr. Steven Hatfill’s Reputa-tion and Productive Life.’’ Here is how Mollie Hemingway of The Federalist described the combina-tion Mueller/Comey debacle: ‘‘The FBI absolutely bungled its investigation into the anthrax attacker who struck after 9/11 terrorist attacks. ‘‘Carl Cannon goes through this story very well, and it is worth reading for how it involves both Comey and his dear ‘friend’ and current special coun-sel Robert Mueller. The FBI tried—in the media—its case against Hatfill. Their actual case ended up being thrown out by the courts.’’ I believe this is Carl Cannon’s ac-count: ‘‘Comey and Mueller badly bun-gled the biggest case they ever han-dled. They botched the investigation of the 2001 anthrax letter attacks that took five lives and infected 17 other people, shut down the U.S. Capitol and Washington’s mail system, solidified the Bush administration’s antipathy for Iraq, and eventually, when the facts finally came out, made the FBI look feckless, incompetent, and easily ma-nipulated by outside political pres-sure.’’ And I would insert here, that is ex-actly what has been proven with most of the big cases that Robert Mueller has personally been involved in. Carl Cannon goes on and says, ‘‘In truth, Hatfill was an implausible sus-pect from the outset. He was a virol-ogist who never handled anthrax, which is a bacterium. Ivins, by con-tract, shared ownership of anthrax pat-ents, was diagnosed as having paranoid personality disorder, and had a habit of stalking and threatening people with anonymous letters, including the woman who provided the long-ignored tip to the FBI.’’ So I would insert here, the FBI has gotten a lot of tips and warnings from very helpful, caring Americans, and even from Russia. Because we know that Russian officials tipped off Robert Mueller, tipped off the FBI, that the older Tsarnaev brother had become radicalized, he was going to be a threat to the lives of Americans, and, in fact, Russia had warned the U.S. twice. So perhaps there is the Russian col-lusion. Bob Mueller and the Russians, in fact. Unfortunately for all of those poor people that were killed or injured at Boston, Robert Mueller was not competent enough to realize the seri-ousness of the older Tsarnaev’s radicalization, so people died and Rob-ert Mueller continued to go on witch hunts for wrong people. He continued to protect radical Islamists. As some FBI agents have in-formed me, basically they said: Our training under Mueller on radical Islam was, when you get a credible warning or tip from an American cit-izen about a potential radical Islamist threat, then you probably have gotten that tip from an Islamophobe, and you probably need to investigate the person that gave you the tip. We know of cases played out in the news where that is exactly what hap-pened. Poor guy, I believe it was in Florida, that gave the tips this guy is a threat, and what happened? The FBI investigated him, but they didn’t in-vestigate the man that would go kill others. b2100 This article goes on: ‘‘So what evi-dence did the FBI have against Hatfill? There was none, so the agency did a Hail Mary, importing two bloodhounds from California whose handlers claimed could sniff the scent of the killer on the anthrax-tainted letters. These dogs were shown to Hatfill, who promptly petted them. When the dogs responded favorably’’—of course, they were being petted—their handlers then told the FBI that the dogs had alerted on Hatfill and he must therefore be the killer. There was no—let me repeat—there was no evidence whatsoever that Ste-ven Hatfill was the anthrax killer. Talking to some folks in Washington recently, one of them pointed out: Well, you know, actually, that also fits the mold that Mueller has created for himself. Here he purged the FBI train-ing materials of anything that offended radical Islamist terrorists, but as agents have told me, both intel and FBI, Mueller blinded our FBI of the ability to see our enemy. He took away some of their best training materials, one 700-page bit of training workbook on radical Islam. He had ordered that destroyed. He didn’t want anybody to know how to recognize a radical Islamist. He would rather his FBI— Mueller’s FBI agents—investigate those making complaints for being Islamophobes. ‘‘Unfortunately, both Mueller and Comey were absolutely and totally convinced of the innocent man’s guilt. They ruined his life, his relationship with friends, neighbors, and potential employers. ‘‘And from Carl Cannon, Real Clear Politics: ‘‘You’d think that any good FBI agent would have kicked these quacks in the fanny and found their dogs a good home. Or at least checked news accounts of criminal cases in Cali-fornia where these same dogs had been used against defendants who’d been convicted—and later exonerated. As Pulitzer Prize-winning Los Angeles Times investigative reporter David Willman detailed in his authoritative book on the case, a California judge who’d tossed out a murder conviction based on these sketchy canines called the prosecution’s dog handler ‘as bi-ased as any witness that this court has ever seen.’ ‘‘Instead, Mueller, who microman-aged the anthrax case and fell in love with the dubious dog evidence, and per-sonally assured Ashcroft and presum-ably George W. Bush that in Steven Hatfill, the Bureau had its man . . . ‘‘Mueller didn’t exactly distinguish himself with contrition, either. In 2008, after Ivins committed suicide’’—that is the person he went after after they were assured Hatfill was completely in-nocent. They go after Dr. Ivins. He ends up committing suicide. ‘‘ . . . and the Justice Department had formally exonerated Hatfill.’’ It is important to know, Mr. Speak-er, Mueller didn’t exonerate Hatfill; the evidence did. Mueller doesn’t be-lieve in apologizing after he destroys people’s lives, and he could not bother to apologize after he wrecks a constitu-tional government, republic, as we are here, and that is why, after the govern-ment paid Dr. Hatfill $5.82 million in a legal settlement—that is $150,000 per year for 20 years, plus $2.82 million cash, but ‘‘Mueller could not be both-ered to walk across the street to attend the press conference announcing the case’s resolution. When reporters did ask him about it, Mueller was grace-less. ‘I do not apologize for any aspect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.069 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3969 May 15, 2018 
of the investigation,’ he said, adding that it would be erroneous ‘to say there were mistakes.’’’ He ruins a man’s life. People with better judgment than Mueller decided: My gosh, we have destroyed an inno-cent man. We will pay him $6 million to try to recompense him in some way for all of the damage Mueller did to him and his family and his life. All Mueller has got to say is: It would be erroneous to say that mistakes were made. You have got to understand, Mr. Speaker, when Mueller goes after somebody to destroy them, even though they are not guilty of that for which he is pursuing them, he doesn’t feel he has made a mistake. He pre-sumes in his mind that he pursues only bad people, and when he destroys a per-son who is innocent of the crime for which he was pursuing them, in his mind it is not a mistake. He pursued a bad person, and, therefore, he doesn’t owe an apology to anybody. Going back to the article: ‘‘Though FBI jurisdiction has its limitations, Mueller’s ego does not. ‘‘Mueller and Comey’s next target in the anthrax case was Dr. Bruce Ivins. As the FBI was closing in and pre-paring to give him the ultimate Hatfill treatment, Dr. Ivins took his own life. Though Mueller and Comey were every bit as convinced that Dr. Ivins was the anthrax culprit as they were that Dr. Hatfill was, there are lingering ques-tions about whether or not there was a case beyond a reasonable doubt. Since Dr. Ivins is deceased and had some mental issues, we are expected to sim-ply accept that he was definitely the anthrax killer and drop the whole mat-ter. That’s a difficult ask after tax-payer money paid off Mueller’s pre-vious victim. Mueller had relentlessly dogged Dr. Hatfill using life-destroy-ing, Orwellian tactics. Either Mueller was wrong when he said it would be a mistake, ‘to say there were mistakes,’ in the railroading of Hatfill or Mueller did intentionally and knowingly per-secute an innocent man.’’ That is the bottom line. He says, ‘‘we didn’t make a mistake.’’ If they didn’t make a mistake, if Mueller didn’t make a mistake, then it means he in-tentionally and knowingly used the full power of the United States Justice Department to destroy an innocent man, again, innocently and knowingly destroying the life of an innocent man. So either he lied when he said ‘‘we made no mistakes,’’ or he didn’t lie when he said ‘‘we made no mistakes.’’ If he didn’t lie, it means he inten-tionally destroyed the life of an inno-cent man. It is that simple. So the book goes through 48 pages, sets out a number of things like this. When I hear my friends, especially down the hall in the Senate, talk about what a great man Mueller is, either, number one, they are intentionally keeping themselves ignorant of facts, or, number two, they want Donald Trump kicked out of the White House as quickly as possible. Those are the two possibilities, and I hope the Amer-ican public will wake up to that. Now, it is also interesting, here we have got Mueller raiding, or being an accessory to the raid of Donald Trump’s personal attorney’s home and office, places where he was. Lo and be-hold, it shouldn’t surprise anybody, but it turns out this article from April 17, by Jeff Murdock: ‘‘Federal Judge Kimba Wood, who is overseeing the court case against Donald Trump’s per-sonal attorney, Michael Cohen, offi-ciated the 2013 wedding of George Soros, a billionaire supporter of liberal political causes, according to the news reports at that time.’’ Now, I would submit, Mr. Speaker, that he is not just a supporter of lib-eral political causes. He supports any-thing that will help destroy the moral, upstanding United States of America that has been the greatest gift freedom has ever had in the world. The article goes on here, though it says: ‘‘The judge,’’ Kimba Wood, ‘‘is currently weighing whether to have a neutral third party review the docu-ments seized in FBI raids on the office, home, and hotel of Mr. Cohen. ‘‘Mr. Cohen’s attorneys have sought to keep the government from reviewing the materials by asserting attorney- client privilege’’—a legitimate privi-lege, of course. ‘‘Prosecutors have de-manded access to those documents claiming they are related to an ongo-ing criminal investigation. ‘‘The government is currently prob-ing Mr. Cohen’s $130,000 payment to porn star Stephanie Clifford, better known as Stormy Daniels, for possible violations of campaign finance laws. ‘‘Judge Wood, who will decide those issues, married Mr. Soros, then 83, and his 42-year-old bride, Tamiko Bolton, in September 2013, media outlets re-ported at that time. ‘‘The Bedford, New York, wedding was attended by 500 guests, including top Democrats such as House Minority Leader N
ANCY PELOSI of California and then-California Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom. U2 front man Bono also attended the reception, Reuters re-ported in a 2013 article. ‘‘In lieu of gifts, the couple asked that donations be made to several or-ganizations, including Planned Parent-hood and Global Witness, an environ-mental activist group, according to Reuters. ‘‘Mr. Soros donated nearly $10 mil-lion to political action committees that supported Hillary Clinton in the 2016 Presidential election. He also chaired the national finance com-mittee for a pro-Clinton PAC, dubbed Ready for Hillary. ‘‘Judge Wood was also then-President Bill Clinton’s second, but failed nomi-nee for U.S. Attorney General in 1993. Mr. Clinton had nominated Zoe Baird, but she was withdrawn after it was re-vealed she had hired an illegal immi-grant as a nanny and did not pay taxes on the employee. Judge Wood was then selected, but she had also employed an illegal immigrant, but did pay taxes on the employee. Fearing a repeat of the same disastrous nomination of Ms. Baird, Mr. Clinton quickly removed Judge Wood from consideration. ‘‘Media reports at that time said Judge Wood had not told the White House about the nanny even when she had been asked directly. Judge Wood said in a statement that she had not misled the White House.’’ In any event, people that care about fair, impartial, and blind justice that doesn’t decide a case by looking to see who is on either side, they are sickened by what has been happening at the De-partment of Justice, at the top of the FBI, and under a special prosecutor who has made abundantly clear by his hires of those—not who would be fair and impartial, but those who would help Mueller do as he is so good at doing, and that is finding somebody he doesn’t like and destroying their lives. b2115 The additional problem in this case is that if he destroys and uses his illegal tactics and unfair weight to throw against innocent people as he has in his past, it won’t just be Bob Mueller de-stroying one life, as he has in a number of these cases we discussed, but it will be removing an elected President of the United States. I pray and I will do what I can to en-sure that people wake up, people come peacefully out in America, and make clear that this railroading, egotistical, and unapologetic man who has de-stroyed the good that was once top to bottom of the FBI and who has de-stroyed innocent lives without apol-ogy, this man has no business being special counsel. In fact, he needs to be investigated for his role with Rosen-stein, their role, along with the guy that Mueller brought along to help in-vestigate Russia. I am not talking about the alleged collusion of the Trump campaign in Russia. I am talking about the real col-lusion with Russia where Mueller even had an inside informant providing evi-dence of Russia’s illegal activity in trying to obtain American uranium, and instead of using all of that infor-mation of Russia’s illegal activity to obtain American uranium, Rosenstein, Mueller, and Weissmann put the quash on information about all of that inves-tigation. They threatened and coerced their informer into keeping his mouth shut so that the sale could go through of American uranium that would end up in Russian hands. So that sale would go through, and lo and behold, the Clinton Foundation would be $145 million rich-er in gifts from those grateful people that benefited from Russia ultimately getting American uranium. Mueller needs to be investigated, as does Comey, as does Rosenstein, as does Weissmann. They are the last peo-ple on this Earth who ought to be in-vestigating somebody else over alleged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.070 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3970 May 15, 2018 
Russian collusion. Mr. Speaker, you needn’t look any further than the in-vestigators themselves. Mueller, in his arrogance, showed the country and world he was not inter-ested in fair, impartial justice. He wanted people who hated Trump and who loved Hillary Clinton and helped her all they could, because he had de-termined that he was going to under-mine the election of Donald J. Trump as President. And if he is not—Rosen-stein is the one who has to be removed first. He has got to be removed. He has got to be investigated. I hope and pray that is going to happen, that Rosen-stein is going to be investigated. I can’t count on Bob Mueller to do the honorable thing. There are so many examples where he had a great oppor-tunity to do the honorable thing by people whom he has wronged and whose lives he has destroyed. He was careful always to avoid doing the right thing, making comments as if he had nothing for which to apologize for destroying innocent lives. That doesn’t even get into the Ted Stevens case. He had to have been all over the top of that case. He was the director of the FBI. You know good and well they didn’t investigate the longest serving Republican Senator without Bob Mueller being all over the case. They framed an innocent man, manu-factured evidence, and destroyed evi-dence of his innocence. It wasn’t just a reasonable doubt he was innocent; he was innocent. They manufactured charges, and one might say: Well, but we don’t have di-rect testimony, direct evidence that Mueller personally knew of the frame- up of Ted Stevens. But what we do know is when the whistleblower FBI agent came out with sworn testimony of the frame-up of the innocent Ted Stevens, that God-fearing whistle-blower was run out of the FBI, and the one that he reported the wrongdoing on continued to get glowing praise, ad-vances, and promotions from Bob Mueller. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. M
ARINO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of his congressional primary. Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of prior event in district. Mr. C
UELLAR (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of travel delays. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on ac-count of travel delays. Mr. E
VANS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of official business in district. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on May 10, 2018, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 3210. To require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of per-sonnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 16, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-ond quarters of 2018, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CANADA, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 3 AND APR 7, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Randal R. Vickers .................................................... 4 /3 4 /7 Canada .......................................... ....... 596.70 467.20 .................... .................... 907.17 710.28 1,503.87 1,117.48 Catherine Szpindor .................................................. 4 /3 4 /7 Canada ........................................... ...... 596.70 467.20 .................... .................... 907.17 710.28 1,503.87 1,117.48 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 934.40 .................... .................... 1,814.34 1,420.56 3,007.74 2,234.96 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. CATHERINE SZPINDOR, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO JAPAN AND SOUTH KOREA, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 2 AND APR. 8, 20 18 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Nicole Foltz .............................................................. 4 /2 4 /5 Japan ...................................... .............. .................... 1,461.38 .................... * 9,534.41 .................... .................... .............. ...... 10,995.79 4 /5 4 /8 ROK ....................................................... .................... 1,112.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,112.00 Kelly Dixon ............................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Japan ...................................... .............. .................... 1,461.38 .................... * 12,265.41 .................... .................... ............. ....... 13,726.79 4 /5 4 /8 ROK ....................................................... .................... 1,112.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,112.00 Ben Napier ............................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Japan ....................................... ............. .................... 1,461.38 .................... * 12,265.41 .................... .................... .............. ...... 13,726.79 4 /5 4 /8 ROK ....................................................... .................... 1,112.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,112.00 Parker Poling ........................................................... 4 /2 4 /5 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 1,461.38 .................... * 9,534.41 .................... .................... ................ .... 10,995.79 4 /5 4 /8 ROK ....................................................... .................... 1,112.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,112.00 Shuwanza Goff ........................................................ 4 /2 4 /5 Japan ........................................... ......... .................... 1,461.38 .................... * 12,249.41 .................... .................... .................. .. 13,710.79 4 /5 4 /8 ROK ....................................................... .................... 1,112.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,112.00 Jason Smith ............................................................. 4 /2 4 /5 Japan ........................................ ............ .................... 1,461.38 .................... * 12,265.41 .................... .................... ............... ..... 13,726.79 4 /5 4 /8 ROK ....................................................... .................... 1,112.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 1,112.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 15,440.28 .................... 68,114.46 .................... .................... ..... ............... 83,554.74 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. * Transportation inclusive of both countries. NICOLE FOLTZ, Apr. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K15MY7.072 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3971 May 15, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Travel to South Korea—January 1–6, 2018 John Wason .............................................................. ............. ................. South Korea .............. ............................ .................... 936.07 .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... 936.07 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,658.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,658.26 Douglas Bush .......................................................... ............. ................. South Korea ................ .......................... .................... 936.07 .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... .................... 936.07 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,658.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,658.26 Travel to South Korea, Japan with CODEL Duckworth—January 11–16, 2018 Hon. Ruben Gallego ................................................. 1 /13 1 /15 South Korea ..................................... ..... .................... 951.80 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 951.80 1 /15 1 /16 Japan .................................................... .................... 499.85 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 499.85 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,714.16 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,714.16 Travel to Djibouti with STAFFDEL Silverberg—Jan-uary 23–26, 2018 Jennifer Bird ............................................................ 1 /24 1 /26 Djibouti .................................. ............... .................... 248.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 12,848.31 .................... ............ ........ .................... 12,848.31 Travel to South Korea—January 23–30, 2018 Jennifer Stewart ....................................................... 1 /26 1 /30 South Korea ................................. ......... .................... 1,359.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,359.88 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,571.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,571.00 Paul Arcangeli ......................................................... 1 /26 1 /30 South Korea ................................. ......... .................... 1,359.88 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,359.88 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,571.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,571.00 Travel to United Kingdom, Netherlands, Germany, Italy—February 15–24, 2018 Margaret Dean ......................................................... 2 /16 2 /19 United Kingdom ............................... ..... .................... 1,191.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 1,191.54 2 /19 2 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 546.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 546.00 2 /22 2 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 310.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 310.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,048.81 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,048.81 Brian Garrett ........................................................... 2 /16 2 /19 United Kingdom ............................. ....... .................... 1,191.54 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,191.54 2 /19 2 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 546.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 546.00 2 /22 2 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 310.00 .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... 310.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,048.81 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,048.81 Travel to the Philippines, Taiwan, South Korea, Japan—with CODEL Inhofe—February 15–26 Hon. Trent Kelly ....................................................... 2 /19 2 /20 the Philippines ............................. ........ .................... 289.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 289.00 2 /20 2 /22 Taiwan .................................................. .................... 574.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 574.00 2 /22 2 /24 South Korea .......................................... .................... 714.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 714.00 2 /24 2 /25 Japan .................................................... .................... 467.04 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 467.04 Travel to Germany with CODEL McCain—February 16–18, 2018 Hon. Joe Wilson ....................................................... 2 /16 2 /18 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 619.27 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 619.27 Hon. Michael R. Turner ........................................... 2 /16 2 /18 Germany ........................................... ..... .................... 483.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 483.21 Travel to Cuba with CODEL Leahy—February 17– 21, 2018 Hon. Susan Davis .................................................... 2 /17 2 /21 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... 444.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 444.00 Travel to Bahrain, Oman, Iraq—February 17–23, 2018 Jennifer Bird ............................................................ 2 /18 2 /19 Bahrain ................................... .............. .................... 374.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 374.14 2 /19 2 /20 Oman .................................................... .................... 318.05 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 318.05 2 /21 2 /23 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 8,550.00 . ................... .................... .................... 8,572.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,554.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,554.00 
Mark Morehouse ...................................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Bahrain ........................................ ......... .................... 374.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 374.14 2 /19 2 /20 Oman .................................................... .................... 318.05 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 318.05 2 /20 2 /23 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 8,550.00 . ................... .................... .................... 8,572.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,554.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,554.00 Jason Schmid .......................................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Bahrain ...................................... ........... .................... 374.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 374.14 2 /19 2 /20 Oman .................................................... .................... 318.05 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 318.05 2 /20 2 /23 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 8,550.00 . ................... .................... .................... 8,572.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,554.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,554.00 William Spencer Johnson ......................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Bahrain ............................................ ..... .................... 374.14 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 374.14 2 /19 2 /20 Oman .................................................... .................... 318.05 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 318.05 2 /20 2 /23 Iraq ....................................................... .................... 22.00 .................... 8,550.00 . ................... .................... .................... 8,572.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 18,554.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 18,554.00 Travel to Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine—February 17– 23, 2018 Hon. Elise Stefanik .................................................. 2 /18 2 /20 Latvia ........................................ ............ .................... 474.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 474.20 2 /20 2 /21 Estonia .................................................. .................... 271.21 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 271.21 2 /21 2 /24 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 883.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 883.26 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,805.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,805.71 Hon. Anthony Brown ................................................ 2 /18 2 /20 Latvia ........................................... ......... .................... 474.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 474.20 2 /20 2 /21 Estonia .................................................. .................... 271.21 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 271.21 2 /21 2 /24 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 883.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 883.26 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,805.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,805.71 Peter Villano ............................................................ 2 /18 2 /20 Latvia .................................... ................ .................... 474.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 474.20 2 /20 2 /21 Estonia .................................................. .................... 271.21 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 271.21 2 /21 2 /24 Ukraine ................................................. .................... 883.26 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 883.26 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 11,805.71 .................... ............ ........ .................... 11,805.71 Travel to Colombia—February 18–21, 2018 Catherine Sendak .................................................... 2 /18 2 /21 Colombia ....................................... ........ .................... 1,167.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 1,167.78 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,598.31 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,598.31 Brian Greer .............................................................. 2 /18 2 /21 Colombia .................................. ............. .................... 1,167.78 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,167.78 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,598.31 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,598.31 Delegation Expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 452 .00 .................... 452.00 Travel to Japan—February 18–24, 2018 Glendon Diehl .......................................................... 2 /19 2 /23 Japan ....................................... ............. .................... 1,653.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,653.77 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,445.01 ............. ....... .................... 4,445.01 Daid Giachetti ......................................................... 2 /19 2 /23 Japan ....................................... ............. .................... 1,653.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,653.77 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 4,445.01 ............. ....... .................... 4,445.01 Craig Greene ............................................................ 2 /19 2 /23 Japan ...................................... .............. .................... 1,653.77 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,653.77 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 6,284.31 ............. ....... .................... 6,284.31 Travel to Belgium—March 8–14, 2018 Hon. Michael Turner ................................................ 3 /8 3 /14 Belgium .......................................... ...... .................... 4,523.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 4,523.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,557.61 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,557.61 
Travel to Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia, Kenya, Sudan—March 22–29, 2018 Hon. William M. ‘‘Mac’’ Thornberry ......................... 3 /24 3 /26 Djibouti ................................................ . .................... 264.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 264.00 3 /25 3 /25 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3 /26 3 /26 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3 /26 3 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... 700.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 700.00 3 /27 3 /28 Sudan ................................................... .................... 399.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 399.70 3 /28 3 /28 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,480.51 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,480.51 Mark Morehouse ...................................................... 3 /24 3 /26 Djibouti ....................................... .......... .................... 264.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 264.00 3 /25 3 /25 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3 /26 3 /26 Somalia ................................................. .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 3 /26 3 /27 Kenya .................................................... .................... 700.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 700.00 3 /27 3 /28 Sudan ................................................... .................... 399.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 399.70 3 /28 3 /28 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.026 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3972 May 15, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,480.51 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,480.51 Travel to Egypt, Jordan with STAFFDEL Quinn— March 24–29, 2018 Jennifer Bird ............................................................ 3 /25 3 /27 Egypt ..................................... ................ .................... 594.12 .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 594.12 3 /27 3 /29 Jordon ................................................... .................... 778.72 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 778.72 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 8,749.71 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,749.71 Travel to South Korea—March 26–30, 2018 Kimberly Lehn .......................................................... 3 /27 3 /30 South Korea ................................. ......... .................... 936.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 936.82 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 5,924.41 .................... ............. ....... .................... 5,924.41 William Spencer Johnson ......................................... 3 /27 3 /30 South Korea ........................................ .. .................... 936.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 936.82 Commerical airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... 5,924.41 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 5,924.41 Delegation Expenses ....................................... ............. ................. South Korea ............................ .............. .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,189.95 .... ................ 1,189.95 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 39,514.04 .................... .................... 244,439.85 .................... 1,64 1.95 285,347.47 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Joan Condon ............................................................ 2 /17 2 /22 Bangladesh .................................. ......... .................... 892.71 .................... 359.11 .................... .................... .................... 1,25 1.82 2 /22 2 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 694.45 .................... 6,981.71  .................... .................... .................... 7,676.16 Janice Kaguyutan .................................................... 2 /17 2 /22 Bangladesh ..................................... ...... .................... 897.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 897.00 2 /22 2 /24 Italy ....................................................... .................... 685.00 .................... 6,981.71  .................... .................... .................... 7,666.71 Mira Resnick ............................................................ 1 /24 1 /25 Djibouti ................................... .............. .................... 187.00 .................... 8,322.21 .................... .................... ................. ... 8,509.21 Matthew Zweig ........................................................ 2 /19 2 /20 United Kingdom ................................ .... .................... 804.00 .................... 2,255.11 .................... .................... .................... 3,059.1 1 2 /20 2 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 698.50 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 698.50 2 /22 2 /25 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 999.16 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 999.16 Mira Resnick ............................................................ 2 /19 2 /20 United Kingdom ............................. ....... .................... 804.00 .................... 2,899.21 .................... .................... .................... 3,70 3.21 2 /20 2 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 815.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 815.00 2 /22 2 /25 Czech Republic ..................................... .................... 1,203.00 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 1,203.00 Jennifer Hendrixson-White ....................................... 2 /19 2 /20 United Kingdom .................................... . ................... 805.00 .................... 2,250.81 .................... .................... .................... 3,055.81 2 /20 2 /22 Germany ................................................ .................... 598.04 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 598.04 Chadwick Gore ......................................................... 3 /09 3 /12 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 1,418.36 .................... 2,081.81 .................... .................... ................... . 3,500.17 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 3 /09 3 /12 Belgium ....................................... ......... .................... 1,236.72 .................... 2,117.01 .................... .................... .................... 3,353.73 J. Patrick Megahan .................................................. 3 /09 3 /12 Belgium ........................................ ........ .................... 1,210.37 .................... 2,082.01 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,292.38 Scott Cullinane ........................................................ 3 /09 3 /12 Belgium ..................................... ........... .................... 1,211.72 .................... 2,081.81 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,293.53 Hon. James Sensenbrenner ..................................... 1 /13 1 /16 Peru .................................................. .... .................... 997.10 .................... 3,449.00 .................... .................... .................... 4,446.1 0 Leah Campos ........................................................... 1 /13 1 /16 Peru ......................................... ............. .................... 997.10 .................... 1,075.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 2,072.10 Sajit Gandhi ............................................................ 2 /20 2 /23 Pakistan ................................... ............. .................... 345.00 .................... 7,458.81 .................... .................... .................. .. 7,803.81 Hon. Gregory W. Meeks ............................................ 3 /08 3 /11 Belgium ........................................... ..... .................... 1,595.75 .................... 14,157.51 .................... .................... .................... 15, 753.26 Douglas Anderson .................................................... 3 /25 3 /28 Greece ......................................... .......... .................... 960.20 .................... 8,537.81 .................... .................... .................... 9 ,498.01 3 /28 3 /30 Switzerland ........................................... .................... 918.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 918.00 Shellie Bressler ........................................................ 1 /24 1 /26 Ethiopia ................................... ............. .................... 758.00 .................... 2,384.13 .................... .................... .................. .. 3,142.13 1 /26 1 /30 Uganda ................................................. .................... 1,245.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,245.00 Jeannette Windon .................................................... 1 /24 1 /26 Ethiopia ....................................... ......... .................... 751.00 .................... 2,384.13 .................... .................... .................... 3, 135.13 1 /26 1 /30 Uganda ................................................. .................... 1,176.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,176.00 Piero Tozzi ................................................................ 1 /24 1 /26 Ethiopia ................................ ................ .................... 800.00 .................... 2,191.38 .................... .................... ............... ..... 2,991.38 Janette Yarwood ...................................................... 1 /24 1 /26 Ethiopia ...................................... .......... .................... 800.00 .................... 2,524.13 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,324.13 1 /26 1 /29 Uganda ................................................. .................... 1,093.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,093.00 Codel Royce ** ........................................................ ............. ................. Italy ....................... ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... * 6,402.00 .... ................ 6,402.00 ............. ................. Botswana .............................................. .................... .................... ... ................. .................... * 15,681.00 .................... 15,681.00 ............. ................. Angola ................................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... * .................... .................... .................... ............. ................. South Africa .......................................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... * 7,090.74 .................... 7,090.74 Scott Cullinane ........................................................ 2 /18 2 /21 Czech Republic .............................. ....... .................... 1,108.17 .................... 2,528.81 .................... .................... .................... 3, 636.98 2 /21 2 /24 Sweden ................................................. .................... 972.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 972.00 Philip Bednarczyk .................................................... 2 /18 2 /21 Czech Republic ................................ ..... .................... 1,146.17 .................... 2,423.81 .................... .................... .................... 3,56 9.98 2 /21 2 /24 Sweden ................................................. .................... 1,002.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 1,002.00 Hon. Edward R. Royce ............................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Egypt ............................................. ........ .................... 546.00 .................... 339.20 .................... .................... .................... 885.2 0 2 /19 2 /21 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 1,029.00 .................... 144.76 ......
.............. .................... .................... 1,173.76 2 /21 2 /24 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,534.00 .................... 12,718.41 ......... ........... .................... .................... 14,252.41 Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 2 /17 2 /19 Egypt ........................................ ............. .................... 546.00 .................... 339.20 .................... .................... .................... 885.20 2 /19 2 /21 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 1,029.00 .................... 144.76 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,173.76 2 /21 2 /24 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,534.00 .................... 12,206.41 ......... ........... .................... .................... 13,740.41 Gabriella Ra’anan (Zach) ........................................ 2 /17 2 /19 Egypt .............................................. ....... .................... 546.00 .................... 339.20 .................... .................... .................... 885.20  2 /19 2 /21 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 1,029.00 .................... 144.76 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,173.76 2 /21 2 /24 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,534.00 .................... 16,140.41 ......... ........... .................... .................... 17,674.41 Cory Fritz ................................................................. 2 /17 2 /19 Egypt ................................... .................. .................... 546.00 .................... 339.20 .................... .................... ............... ..... 885.20 2 /19 2 /21 Saudi Arabia ......................................... .................... 1,029.00 .................... 144.76 ...... .............. .................... .................... 1,173.76 2 /21 2 /24 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 1,534.00 .................... 16,140.41 ......... ........... .................... .................... 17,674.41 Hon. Ted Poe ........................................................... 3 /02 3 /04 Moldova ..................................... ........... .................... 436.00 .................... 13,388.51 .................... .................... ................... . 13,824.51 Oren Adaki ............................................................... 3 /02 3 /04 Moldova ................................... ............. .................... 421.00 .................... 4,087.51 .................... .................... .................. .. 4,508.51 Hon. Ted Yoho ......................................................... 2 /19 2 /20 Indonesia .................................... .......... .................... 309.00 ....................
3 .................... .................... .................... 309.00 2 /20 2 /21 Singapore .............................................. .................... 547.30 ....................
3 .................... .................... .................... 547.30 2 /21 2 /23 Thailand ................................................ .................... 482.00 ....................
3 .................... .................... .................... 482.00 2 /23 2 /25 Laos ...................................................... .................... 421.00 ....................
3 .................... .................... .................... 421.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 46,876.82 .................... 164,144.53 .................... 29,173.74 .............. ...... 240,195.09 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. * Indicates delegation costs. ** Indicates a cancelled mission. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.026 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3973 May 15, 2018 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXP ENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Steve Russell .................................................. 2 /18 2 /19 Cameroon ....................................... ....... .................... 324.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 324.00 2 /19 2 /22 Niger ..................................................... .................... 399.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 399.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,287.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,287.00 Liam McKenna ......................................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Cameroon ...................................... ........ .................... 324.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 324.00 2 /19 2 /22 Niger ..................................................... .................... 399.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... 399.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,287.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,287.00 Delegation Expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 600 .00 .................... 600.00 Hon. Wm. Lacy Clay ................................................ 2 /21 2 /24 Colombia ......................................... ...... .................... 1,191.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,191.00 Hon. Dennis A. Ross ................................................ 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary .......................................... ...... .................... 586.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Robert Borden .......................................................... 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ...................................... .......... .................... 586.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Brick Christensen .................................................... 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ........................................ ........ .................... 586.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Delegation Expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 13, 601.00 .................... 13,601.00 Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 2 /16 2 /18 Germany ...................................... .......... .................... 690.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 690.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 1,029.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,029.00 Drew Baney .............................................................. 3 /4 3 /8 China ........................................ ............ .................... 1,240.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,240.00 3 /8 3 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 692.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 692.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,677.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,677.00 Michael Koren .......................................................... 3 /4 3 /8 China ......................................... ........... .................... 1,115.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,115.00 3 /8 3 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 567.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 567.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,677.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,677.00 Lena Chang ............................................................. 3 /4 3 /8 China ......................................... ........... .................... 1,240.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,240.00 3 /8 3 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 692.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 692.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,677.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,677.00 Katie Teleky ............................................................. 3 /4 3 /8 China ....................................... ............. .................... 1,240.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,240.00 3 /8 3 /10 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 692.00 .................... ................ .... .................... .................... .................... 692.00 Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 2,677.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 2,677.00 Delegation Expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,9 00.00 .................... 1,900.00 
Committee total .............................................. ............. ................. .................................... ........................... .................... 14,033.00 .................... 16,311.00 .................... 16,101.00 .......... .......... 46,455.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, May 9, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return.◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. DAVID P. ROE, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2018 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Kevin Brady ..................................................... 3 /2 3 /4 Mexico .......................................... ......... .................... 781.00 .................... 424.40 .................... 4,877.00 .................... 6,082.40 Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 3 /2 3 /4 Mexico ......................................... .......... .................... 781.00 .................... 801.36 .................... .................... .................... 1,5 82.36 Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 3 /2 3 /5 Mexico ........................................... ........ .................... 1,172.00 .................... 461.38 .................... .................... .................... 1,6 33.38 Hon. Bill Pascrell, Jr. ............................................... 3 /2 3 /4 Mexico ......................................... .......... .................... 781.00 .................... 481.38 .................... .................... .................... 1,2 62.38 Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 3 /2 3 /4 Mexico ........................................... ........ .................... 781.00 .................... 1,829.04 .................... .................... .................... 2,6 10.04 Hon. David Reichert ................................................ 1 /26 1 /28 Canada .......................................... ....... .................... 592.06 .................... 1,857.91 .................... 17,371.03 .................... 19,821.00 Hon. Adrian Smith ................................................... 1 /26 1 /28 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 592.06 .................... 2,621.06 .................... .................... .................... 3,2 13.12 Hon. Tom Rice ......................................................... 1 /26 1 /28 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 592.06 .................... 1,814.00 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,406.06 Hon. Mike Bishop .................................................... 1 /27 1 /28 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 296.03 .................... 680.69 .................... .................... .................... 976.7 2 Hon. Pat Meehan ..................................................... 1 /27 1 /29 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 209.46 .................... 1,232.42 .................... .................... .................... 1,4 41.88 Hon. Bill Pascrell, Jr. ............................................... 1 /27 1 /29 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 592.06 .................... 1,497.59 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,089.65 Hon. Sander Levin ................................................... 1 /25 1 /28 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 888.09 .................... 1,829.04 .................... .................... .................... 2,7 17.13 Hon. Suzan DelBane ................................................ 1 /27 1 /29 Canada ........................................... ...... .................... 592.06 .................... 1,852.84 .................... .................... .................... 2,444 .90 Hon. Terri Sewell ..................................................... 1 /27 1 /29 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 592.06 .................... 2,014.64 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,606.70 Hon. Brian Higgins .................................................. 1 /26 1 /29 Canada ......................................... ........ .................... 970.38 .................... 1,418.24 .................... .................... .................... 2,3 88.62 3 /9 3 /11 Hungary ................................................ .................... 586.00 .................... (
3) .................... .................... .................... 586.00 3 /11 3 /13 Poland ................................................... .................... 490.00 .................... (3) .................... .................... .................... 490.00 Angela Ellard ........................................................... 1 /25 1 /28 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 937.00 .................... 2,611.51 .................... .................... ................... . 3,548.51 Joshua Snead .......................................................... 1 /25 1 /28 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 937.00 .................... 2,611.51 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,548.51 Kelly Ann Shaw ........................................................ 1 /25 1 /28 Canada ....................................... .......... .................... 937.00 .................... 2,611.51 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,548.51 Katherine Tai ........................................................... 1 /25 1 /28 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 937.00 .................... 2,620.76 .................... .................... ................... . 3,557.76 Keegan Mull ............................................................. 1 /25 1 /28 Canada ..................................... ............ .................... 937.00 .................... 2,619.61 .................... .................... ................... . 3,556.61 Angela Ellard ........................................................... 2 /28 3 /5 Mexico ...................................... ............. .................... 1,828.00 .................... 461.38 .................... .................... .................. .. 2,289.38 Kelly Ann Shaw ........................................................ 2 /28 3 /5 Mexico ........................................ ........... .................... 1,953.00 .................... 461.38 .................... .................... .................... 2,414.38 Blake Harden ........................................................... 2 /28 3 /5 Mexico ....................................... ............ .................... 1,953.00 .................... 461.38 .................... .................... ................... . 2,414.38 Keegan Mull ............................................................. 2 /28 3 /5 Mexico ...................................... ............. .................... 1,848.88 .................... 461.38 .................... .................... .................. .. 2,310.26 Katherine Tai ........................................................... 2 /28 3 /5 Mexico ...................................... ............. .................... 1,953.00 .................... 461.38 .................... .................... .................. .. 2,414.38 
Committee totals ....................................... ............. ................. .......................................... ..................... .................... 25,863.10 .................... 36,197.79 .................... 22,248.03 ................ .... 83,955.02 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Apr. 30, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.026 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3974 May 15, 2018 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4820. A letter from the Acting PRAO Branch Chief, Food and Nutrition Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions and Clarifications in Requirements for the Proc-essing of Donated Foods [FNS-2017-0001] (RIN: 0584-AE38) received May 7, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4821. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Paul A. Grosklags, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4822. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Gary H. Cheek, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4823. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Admiral Scott H. Swift, United States Navy, and his advance-ment to the grade of admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4824. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Robin Rand, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4825. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report covering the period from January 9, 2018, to March 10, 2018 on the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 107-243, Sec. 4(a); (116 Stat. 1501) and 50 U.S.C. 1541 note; Public Law 102-1, Sec. 3 (as amended by Pub-lic Law 106-113, Sec. 1000(a)(7)); (113 Stat. 1501A-422); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 4826. A letter from the Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, transmitting annual audit of the American Red Cross’s consolidated financial statements for the year ending June 30, 2017, pursuant to 36 U.S.C. 300110(b); Public Law 105-225, Sec. 300110(b); (112 Stat. 1493); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4827. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-14, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4828. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 18-12, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 4829. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Economic Impact and Diversity, De-partment of Energy, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4830. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of a vacancy and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4831. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of a discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4832. A letter from the Director of Presi-dential Appointments, Department of State, transmitting thirty-one (31) notifications of either a federal vacancy, designation of act-ing officer, nomination, action on nomina-tion, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4833. A letter from the Acting Associate Commissioner, Office of Civil Rights and Equal Opportunity, Social Security Adminis-tration, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4834. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Do-mestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Louisiana Pinesnake [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2016-0121; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BB46) received April 24, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4835. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Do-mestic Listing, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Yellow Lance [Docket No.: FWS-R4-ES-2017-0017; 4500030113] (RIN: 1018-BB45) received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 4836. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2017-0903; Product Identifier 2017-NM-074-AD; Amendment 39-19225; AD 2018-06-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4837. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0495; Product Identifier 2017- NM-017-AD; Amendment 39-19222; AD 2018-06- 02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 4838. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0177; Product Identifier 2017-SW-138-AD; Amendment 39-19218; AD 2018-05-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4839. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2018-0164; Product Identifier 2018-NM-026-AD; Amendment 39-19220; AD 2018-05-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 4840. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0060; Notice No.: 6] (RIN: 2130-AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4841. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0060, Notice No.: 4] (RIN: 2130-AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4842. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Training, Qualification, and Oversight for Safety-Related Railroad Employees [Docket No.: FRA-2009-0033, No-tice No.: 4] (RIN: 2130-AC68) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4843. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0060, Notice No.: 6] (RIN: 2130-AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4844. A letter from the Trial Attorney, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — System Safety Program [Docket No.: FRA-2011-0060, Notice No.: 5] (RIN: 2130-AC31) received April 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 4845. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Office of Legislative and Intergovernmental Affairs, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the FY 2017 Annual Report on Small En-tity Compliance Guides, pursuant to Sec. 212(a)(6) of the Small Business Regulatory Enforcement Fairness Act; to the Committee on Small Business. 4846. A letter from the Impact Analyst, Of-fice of Regulation Policy and Management, Office of the Secretary (00REG), Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15MY7.000 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3975 May 15, 2018 
of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Eligibility for Supple-mental Service-Disabled Veterans’ Insurance (RIN: 2900-AQ03) received May 7, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 4847. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2017 Section 45K(d)(2)(C) Reference Price [Notice 2018-32] received April 24, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4848. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major interim final rule — Medicare Pro-gram; Durable Medical Equipment Fee Schedule Adjustments to Resume the Transi-tional 50/50 Blended Rates to Provide Relief in Rural Areas and Non-Contiguous Areas [CMS-1687-IFC] (RIN: 0938-AT21) received May 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 4849. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report titled ‘‘Action Plan for Enhanced Enforcement of Mental Health And Substance Use Disorder Coverage’’, pursuant to Sec. 13002 of the 21st Century Cures Act; jointly to the Commit-tees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 613. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the di-rector of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the se-cure perimeter of the Federal penal or cor-rectional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–674). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Reources. H.R. 4069. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of authentic Alaska Native arti-cles of handicraft containing nonedible mi-gratory bird parts, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–675). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee on Armed Services. H.R. 5515. A bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–676). Referred to the Committee of Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 891. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2372 to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial receptacles for remains buried in Na-tional Parks, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–667). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 4294. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthorized disclo-sures of certain individually identifiable in-formation by officers or employees of a Fed-eral department or agency (Rept. 115–678, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. f TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILL Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 4294. Referral to the Committee on the Judiciary extended for a period ending not later than May 18, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. DUNN (for himself, Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida): H.R. 5787. A bill to amend the Coastal Bar-rier Resources Act to give effect to more ac-curate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-self, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5788. A bill to provide for the proc-essing by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion of certain international mail shipments and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information on international mail shipments of mail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Homeland Secu-rity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. G
UTHRIE ): H.R. 5789. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicaid coverage protections for pregnant and post- partum women while receiving inpatient treatment for a substance use disorder, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 5790. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to provide for clinical psychologist services models to be tested by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Inno-vation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5791. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in High-lands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sher-iff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5792. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. CLEAVER ): H.R. 5793. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a housing choice voucher mobility dem-onstration to encourage families receiving such voucher assistance to move to lower- poverty areas and expand access to oppor-tunity areas; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. E
NGEL , and Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 5794. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to enhance the national strategy for combating and eliminating tu-berculosis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5795. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confiden-tiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California): H.R. 5796. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide tech-nical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (for herself, Mr. K
NIGHT , and Mr. G
UTHRIE ): H.R. 5797. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to pro-vide under Medicaid services for certain indi-viduals with opioid use disorders in institu-tions for mental diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mrs. D
INGELL , and Mr. P AULSEN ): H.R. 5798. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require a review of current opioid prescriptions for chronic pain and screening for opioid use disorder to be included in the Welcome to Medicare initial preventive physical examination; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. B
ARR, and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 5799. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require as a condition of receipt of full Federal medical assistance percentage under Medicaid that State Med-icaid plans have in place certain drug utili-zation review activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. UPTON (for himself and Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California): H.R. 5800. A bill to require the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission to conduct an exploratory study and report on requirements applicable to and practices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15MY7.000 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3976 May 15, 2018 
of institutions for mental diseases under the Medicaid program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5801. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for require-ments under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled substances; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5802. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to in-clude under their State Medicaid plans cov-erage for medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5803. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human Services to consider the potential for misuse and abuse when determining whether to approve certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SHIMKUS (for himself, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , and Mr. R OSKAM ): H.R. 5804. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for modifica-tions in payment for certain outpatient sur-gical services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 5805. A bill to designate certain amounts authorized to be appropriated for the provision by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of hospital care and medical services in non-Department of Veterans Affairs facili-ties pursuant to contracts as changes in con-cepts and definitions for certain budgetary purposes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. B
UCSHON , and Mr. G RIFFITH ): H.R. 5806. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to issue guid-ance with respect to the expedited approval of certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 5807. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to allow for more flexibility with respect to medication-assisted treat-ment for opioid use disorders and to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder pa-tient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5808. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to op-erate drug management programs for at-risk beneficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. B
UCSHON ): H.R. 5809. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to encourage the use of non-opioid analgesics for the management of post-surgical pain under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself, Mr. WELCH , and Mr. R OTHFUS ): H.R. 5810. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for an exten-sion of the enhanced FMAP for certain Med-icaid health homes for individuals with sub-stance use disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself and Mr. G
RIFFITH ): H.R. 5811. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for cer-tain controlled substances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 5812. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention to carry out certain activities to prevent controlled substances overdoses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan): H.R. 5813. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to exclude from the defini-tion of personal holding company income certain royalties and rents derived in the ac-tive conduct of a trade or business; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of In-diana, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. E
SHOO , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 5814. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the deduction for certain expenses of elementary and sec-ondary school teachers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 5815. A bill to require the Federal Trade Commission to establish privacy pro-tections for customers of online edge pro-viders, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5816. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to provide that the United States Postal Service may provide certain basic financial services, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 5817. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5818. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the dis-tribution of additional residency positions to help combat the opioid crisis; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Ms. B ASS, Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. C OOK, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S OTO, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G
ARRETT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R USSELL , Mr. R USH, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C ULBERSON , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M
OORE , Ms. L EE, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. B
EYER ): H.R. 5819. A bill to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Ju-diciary, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 5820. A bill to prohibit the expansion of immigration detention facilities, to im-prove the oversight of such facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ): H.R. 5821. A bill to establish a process for the termination of certain programs of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. H ECK, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. R USH, and Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER ): H.R. 5822. A bill to establish a National Of-fice for Cyberspace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15MY7.100 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3977 May 15, 2018 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Mr. G
AETZ ): H.R. 5823. A bill to prohibit Federal agen-cies from mandating the deployment of vulnerabilities in data security technologies; to the Committee on Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself and Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5824. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve assistance for socially disadvan-taged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5825. A bill to expand crop insurance available to beginning farmers and ranchers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5826. A bill to amend the Combat Duty Pay Act of 1952 to require that former mem-bers of the uniformed services who were cap-tured or entered a missing-in-action status during the Korean War while serving as a member of a combat unit in Korea receive combat pay for each month spent in a cap-tured or missing-in-action status, rather than just a total of four months; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5827. A bill to extend the authoriza-tion for the National Dam Safety Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. P
OCAN ): H.R. 5828. A bill to require States to tem-porarily disregard income earned through participation in certain apprenticeship pro-grams, in making eligibility and benefit de-terminations under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5829. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inform each physician of the Veterans Health Administration of the opioid prescribing rate of the physician and to require pain management training for the physicians with the highest opioid pre-scribing rates; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. C
OFFMAN ): H.R. 5830. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to establish peer specialists in patient aligned care teams at medical centers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 5831. A bill to require a demonstration program on the accession as Air Force offi-cers of candidates with auditory impair-ments; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida): H.R. 5832. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to award grants to nursing homes, assisted liv-ing facilities, and other long-term care fa-cilities to improve their preparedness for power outages; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. NORTON: H. Res. 892. A resolution expressing support for SummerSet DC in the Nation’s capital to benefit the District of Columbia and regional residents as well as visitors and to honor the public service of the performers and part-ners; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SIRES (for himself and Ms. KAPTUR ): H. Res. 893. A resolution recognizing the memorials and monuments to the Katyn Massacre are important historical reminders of the heinous acts that took the lives of ap-proximately 22,000 innocent Polish prisoners of war at the order of Joseph Stalin; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIPTON: H. Res. 894. A resolution seeking the return of the USS Pueblo to the United States Navy; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H. Res. 895. A resolution recognizing the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and the contributions of Lawrence Parks and Timothy Simons; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. C
OHEN ): H. Res. 896. A resolution condemning Boko Haram and calling on the Governments of the United States of America and Nigeria to swiftly implement measures to defeat the terrorist organization; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 5787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 5788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. CONST. art. I, §8, cl. 1 and 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .;’’ and ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes . . . .’’ By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 5789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 5790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 5792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 5793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: HR. 5795. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 5796. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII, Clause I By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: H.R. 5797. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 5798. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5799. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 5800. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5801. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5802. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 5803. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L15MY7.100 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3978 May 15, 2018 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: H.R. 5804. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 5805. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 5806. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; AND Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5807. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 5808. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5809. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 5810. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the United States Constitution which states the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. M
CNERNEY: H.R. 5811. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States grants Congress the au-thority to enact this bill. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 5812. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 5813. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. BROWN of Maryland: H.R. 5814. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1, Sec. 8, Cl. 18) By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 5815. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the Constitution. By Ms. CLARKE of New York: H.R. 5816. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the power granted to Congress under Arti-cle I of the United States Constitution and it subsequent amendments, and further clari-fied and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. COOK: H.R. 5817. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 5818. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. ENGEL: H.R. 5819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution. By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 5820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 5822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 5823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 5824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 5828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 5830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 5831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. WILSON of Florida: H.R. 5832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 3: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 40: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 90: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 161: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 173: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania and Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 247: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 379: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 502: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 525: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 545: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 671: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 754: Mr. N
OLAN and Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts. H.R. 785: Mr. B
IGGS and Mr. C OMER . H.R. 788: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 911: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 914: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York and Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1006: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1130: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1134: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1142: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1150: Mr. A
DERHOLT . H.R. 1171: Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. F ASO, and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 1194: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1204: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. S
HUSTER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T
URNER , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1291: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1300: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1318: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1322: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1439: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1494: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 1676: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1683: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1734: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. B OST. H.R. 1759: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1772: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 1813: Mr. N
ORMAN and Mr. B URGESS . H.R. 1825: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 1854: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 1861: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1911: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2043: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2049: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2077: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. E VANS , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2095: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2234: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mrs. M CMOR-
RISRODGERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.036 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3979 May 15, 2018 
H.R. 2259: Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 2276: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2290: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 2315: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 2317: Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. C OSTA , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2322: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2491: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2587: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 2653: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2790: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 2840: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2856: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 2860: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 3023: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 3186: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3197: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 3207: Mr. P
ALLONE and Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3222: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 3273: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´Nand Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 3303: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. A
MODEI . H.R. 3307: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 3331: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3497: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 3511: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3513: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 3531: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 3587: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 3592: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 3605: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3670: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3733: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3773: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3840: Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 3861: Mr. C
UELLAR and Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 3866: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3919: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3944: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 4022: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4099: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 4142: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4143: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4206: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 4268: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4271: Mr. N
OLAN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 4274: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 4284: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 4342: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4343: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4344: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4392: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 4410: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 4443: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 4525: Mr. S
OTOand Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 4556: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4610: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4655: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4680: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 4724: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 4805: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 4815: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland. H.R. 4846: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 4888: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 4940: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 5001: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 5002: Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Mr. M CKINLEY , and Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 5041: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 5047: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 5067: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 5105: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 5136: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 5138: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 5188: Ms. F
UDGE . H.R. 5199: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5223: Mr. R
USHand Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 5226: Mr. S
CHIFF and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5251: Mr. V
ARGAS and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 5255: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 5272: Mr. P
OLIQUIN and Mrs. B LACK -
BURN . H.R. 5307: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 5310: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 5321: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas. H.R. 5333: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 5343: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C OMER , Mr. G
IANFORTE , and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 5385: Mr. R
USH, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 5396: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5418: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 5452: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 5467: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 5476: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 5508: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 5546: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 5570: Mr. R
OHRABACHER . H.R. 5574: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 5606: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5610: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 5612: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 5626: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 5661: Mr. G
RIJALVA and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 5669: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 5671: Mr. C
OMER . H.R. 5682: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. M ARINO . H.R. 5694: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 5715: Mr. L
ATTA . H.R. 5723: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 5731: Mr. M
EADOWS and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 5732: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 5735: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 5753: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5754: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5761: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 5765: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.J. Res. 129: Ms. F
UDGE . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. W
ILSON of South Caro-lina. H. Con. Res. 120: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 69: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Res. 136: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Res. 285: Mr. C
OHEN . H. Res. 332: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R USH, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. G
OMEZ , Ms. E STYof Con- necticut, and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H. Res. 401: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Ms. B ONAMICI . H. Res. 785: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. R OSS, Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. H URD, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri. H. Res. 861: Mr. M
ARINO . H. Res. 869: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. C APUANO . H. Res. 876: Mr. S
HERMAN . H. Res. 877: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Ms. M
OORE , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico. H. Res. 889: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. S
HERMAN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted, as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources in S. 2372 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. ROE OF TENNESSEE  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Veterans Affairs in S. 2372 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Chairman G
OODLATTE , or a designee, to H.R. 5698, the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act of 2018,’’ does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY7.030 H15MYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2657 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 2018 No. 79 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable C
INDY H
YDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Our God and Father, the fountain of every blessing, we ask You to guide us through the challenges You use to test us and to lead those who represent the people of this Nation so that they will labor with courage, strength, and civil-ity. For those who are struggling, may they find clarity to resolve each dif-ficulty. Today, open our hearts to Your Di-vine guidance and our minds to Your peace. In a special way, be with the protectors of freedom who serve in our Armed Forces. Merciful Lord, we ask You to look after each of us in such a way that we may live up to our full po-tential for the glory of Your Name. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, May 15, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable CINDY HYDE-SMITH, a Senator from the State of Mississippi, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. HYDE-SMITH thereupon as-sumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to executive ses-sion and resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, today is Peace Officers Memorial Day, when we honor the men and women of law enforcement. During Police Week, thousands of of-ficers from across the Nation and the world travel here to Washington to re-member their fallen comrades and re-dedicate themselves to protecting our communities. I welcome them, particu-larly the peace officers from the State of Kentucky. I look forward to visiting later today with members of the Louis-ville Metro Police Department. We owe them and the departments across the Commonwealth our heartfelt thanks for keeping the Bluegrass State safe and secure. I also wish to pay tribute today to members of Kentucky’s law enforce-ment community who made the ulti-mate sacrifice on our behalf. Since Police Week last year, three of the Commonwealth’s finest have fallen in the line of duty. Officer Scotty Ham-ilton, a 12-year veteran of the Pikeville Police Department, was fatally shot while on duty. The Hopkinsville Police Department lost Officer Phillip Meacham, who was killed while off duty by someone who was imper-sonating a police officer. Officer Rod-ney Smith, of the Hickman Police De-partment, drowned while on patrol when his vehicle was washed into the water during this spring’s severe flood-ing. All of these men left behind spouses, children, and a Common-wealth indebted to them for their serv-ice. We also remember Sergeant David Ray Gibbs, of the Kentucky State Po-lice, who was killed in a car crash in 2015 while he was on the way to his grandmother’s funeral. Sergeant Gibbs’s name was added this year to the National Police Memorial—a fit-ting tribute to a fine officer. His sac-rifice and that of each of these heroes will not be forgotten. Finally, as we warmly welcome law enforcement from across the country, I would also like to especially thank the men and women of the U.S. Capitol Po-lice. Each day, their vigilance protects Members of Congress, our staffs, and visitors from around the world. After the terrible events at the baseball park in Alexandria last June, we are all re-minded of just how lucky we are to have them. 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS  
Madam President, on another mat-ter, yesterday, the Senate voted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.000 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2658 May 15, 2018 
confirm two more of President Trump’s fine circuit court nominees, Michael Scudder and Amy St. Eve—both of Illi-nois, both exceedingly qualified, and both carrying the bipartisan support of the Judiciary Committee. Michael Scudder carries an impres-sive legal record, with extensive expe-rience in both private practice and pub-lic service, and the American Bar Asso-ciation’s highest rating. Judge Amy St. Eve shares the ABA’s unqualified con-fidence. She has compiled a 17-year record in the Northern District of Illi-nois. That is why the Senate confirmed these highly qualified nominees to serve on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals with a bipartisan majority. Today, our progress will continue. We will vote to confirm John Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to serve on the Sixth Circuit and Joel Carson, of New Mexico, to serve on the Tenth Cir-cuit. Judge Carson has had a distinguished tenure as a U.S. magistrate judge. His peers say his ‘‘integrity, fairness, and respect for the dignity of others are top notch.’’ A bipartisan group of New Mexico lawyers has expressed con-fidence ‘‘he will be an excellent addi-tion to the Tenth Circuit.’’ The Judici-ary Committee agreed and reported Judge Carson’s nomination to the full Senate in a bipartisan fashion. We will also vote on John Nalbandian, who is from my home State of Kentucky, who has been nomi-nated to serve on the Sixth Circuit. Mr. Nalbandian has earned respect from across the political spectrum as a top appellate advocate. He is known for his fairness, collegiality, and legal ability. In 2007, Mr. Nalbandian was appointed to be a special justice on the Kentucky Supreme Court. He later sat on the se-lection panel for magistrate judges in the State’s Eastern District. More re-cently, President Obama nominated him to serve on the board of the State Justice Institute. He was confirmed by a voice vote. In addition to well-regarded work in private practice, Mr. Nalbandian has also dedicated himself to community causes, such as economic development in Northern Kentucky and greater local representation for minority at-torneys. To that end, the National Asian Pacific American Bar Associa-tion has joined the multitude of sup-porters of his nomination. They note that if confirmed, Mr. Nalbandian will be just the seventh active Asian Pacific American Federal appellate judge na-tionwide. John Nalbandian has the impressive credentials, the preparation, the broad support—every indication that he will be a worthy and capable judge. We should confirm both of these nominees without delay. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH  
Madam President, less than 16 months into the Republican govern-ment, our policies are helping to create a sea change in the economic climate in our country. The Washington Post recently reported on new data from the National Federation of Independent Business. Forty-three percent of small business owners say they are already investing in new equipment. More than half of manufacturing firms and con-struction firms expect demand to keep growing, and the percentage of small businesses that has raised worker com-pensation is the highest it has been since 2000. For years, Democratic policies, like high taxes and runaway regulations, have put a headwind in the faces of American job creators. Now, historic tax reform, regulatory relief, and the rest of our opportunity agenda mean the wind is once again at their backs. Republicans understand that Amer-ican workers don’t win when American businesses lose. Our economy is not a zero-sum game. If we want middle-class families to thrive, we need the Amer-ican businesses that compete to em-ploy them and pay them to thrive as well. Sure enough, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that the amount employers spent on worker pay and benefits grew more in 2017 than it did in any calendar year under President Obama. More prosperity, more opportunity, and more raises and bonuses for work-ing families are just the start of what the American people can accomplish when Republicans get Washington out of the way. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
NOMINATIONS OF ANDREW OLDHAM AND WENDY  
VITTER  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, the Judiciary Committee announced that it would be voting on a slate of ju-dicial nominees including Andrew Oldham, a nominee for the Fifth Cir-cuit, and Wendy Vitter, a nominee for the Eastern District of Louisiana. We prize the quality of moderation in all our judges at the district level, the circuit level, and, of course, at the Su-preme Court level. Mr. Oldham and Ms. Vitter unfortunately have expressed a number of sentiments that would put them on the political extreme, includ-ing troubling statements about wom-en’s healthcare rights. Asked separately by my colleague, Senator B
LUMENTHAL , if they agreed with the decision in the landmark Su-preme Court decision forbidding segre-gating schools in Brown v. Board of Education, both Mr. Oldham and Ms. Vitter demurred. Can you believe that? They would not say they supported Brown v. Board of Education, and this is who our colleagues are nominating to put on the bench? It shouldn’t be a tough question. Segregation and the false paradigm of ‘‘separate but equal’’ was a national disgrace. It remains a stain on our history. It has been widely discredited from one end of America to the other. Yet the nominees for the Fifth Circuit and the Eastern District of Louisiana could not say they agreed with the idea that we as a Nation should have one school system for all races. The Judiciary Committee will vote on Mr. Oldham and Ms. Vitter’s nomi-nations on Thursday, 64 years to the day since Brown v. Board was decided and segregated schools were deemed unconstitutional. In honor of this anni-versary, the 64th anniversary of Brown v. Board, my Senate Republican col-leagues aren’t rolling out a new edu-cation policy or a new civil rights pol-icy, they are voting to give these two individuals lifetime appointments to the bench. When we say that sometimes our Re-publican colleagues and this President is divisive, it is actions like this that document that and make the fact that they are being divisive irrefutable. Our Nation became a better nation—more just, more free—when the Supreme Court said that no official, high or petty, could determine where an Afri-can American child could or could not go to school. If you can’t agree with that decision, you don’t deserve to be a Federal judge, and my colleagues should make a stand and roundly vote against these two nominees. TRUMP ADMINISTRATION  
Madam President, next, I want to talk about an emerging theme from President Trump’s Presidency, and that is his failure to deliver. For all the ballyhoo about the President being an effective dealmaker, a get-it-done business executive, President Trump has failed remarkably to deliver on his promises to the middle class and to the American people as a whole. While sometimes I think some folks confuse chaos for activity, the truth is, the President’s impulsive and erratic behavior has scuttled bipartisan legis-lation, impeded progress, and pre-vented the middle class from gaining their rightful share. The rhetoric con-tinues unabated, the President talks a good game, but actions and accom-plishments in area after area after area escape him. President Trump, for instance, prom-ised the American people a better healthcare system. He said better qual-ity at lower prices. Premiums now have jumped double digits in State after State. It is clear he hasn’t deliv-ered on that promise. President Trump promised to protect Medicaid and Medicare from cuts, and then he proposed cutting both these programs. Just recently, the President backed off from a commitment to let Medicare negotiate lower prices for prescription drugs. When he cam-paigned, all the President would talk about, time after time, is drug prices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.002 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2659 May 15, 2018 
are too high, and yet the program he announced last Thursday was a humil-iation for the President. From one end of the Nation to the other, they said this does nothing. In fact, the stock prices of the pharmaceutical industry went up as he gave his speech—no bet-ter proof that he wasn’t doing any-thing. President Trump promised that his tax bill would be a middle-class mir-acle; instead, it is a giveaway mostly to corporations and the wealthy, with 80 percent going to the wealthiest peo-ple and most powerful corporations in America. Already we are seeing higher healthcare premiums and rising gas prices eat away at any meager tax ben-efit middle-class families received. So, to ask the question that has been asked time and time again of middle- class people, ‘‘Are you better off today than the day President Trump became President,’’ most people are not be-cause so many costs are going up and so many promises that President Trump made are not being fulfilled. The President seems to think rhetoric is in one place and action is in another and the twain never meet. So he talks a good game and acts on behalf of the powerful and special interests that hurt the middle class. Here is another one. What about in-frastructure? President Trump prom-ised the Nation a $1 trillion infrastruc-ture bill to build gleaming new roads, bridges, and tunnels. It took him over 1 year to propose a detailed infrastruc-ture plan, and when he did, it wasn’t even close to $1 trillion and has gone nowhere. One of his spokespersons said: We are not doing infrastructure this year. That was one of his biggest prom-ises to the American people—gone. How about trade? Trade is an issue where the President and I mostly agree. As I have said, I believe I am much closer to President Trump on trade than either Presidents Obama or Bush. I publicly and privately told him as much, but now I am beginning to doubt him even on trade. He talks a big game on China, he promises to be tough, and yet this weekend, on the toughest thing he did—the thing that woke up the Chi-nese and made them think we were se-rious—the President backed off. Not only may President Trump allow China to evade the consequences of rapa-ciously stealing American intellectual property, he also pledged to help a Chi-nese telecom company guilty of vio-lating U.S. sanctions. Even on trade, where the President and I mostly agree on policy, President Trump hasn’t de-livered, to the chagrin of me and mil-lions of Americans who depend on fair-er trade policies for jobs and income. Finally, what about draining the swamp? This is his big cry. That is all we hear on FOX News: The President wants to drain the swamp. It was a cen-tral campaign pledge, but what hap-pened when the President got to Wash-ington? He filled his Federal Govern-ment with industry lobbyists and rich executives with sprawling conflicts of interests. His Cabinet Secretaries have engaged in flagrant graft, enjoying lux-uries on the taxpayers’ dime. His administration hardly even vets its candidates. No President, at least in my career, has done as much to fill up the swamp as President Trump. If the American people look at his actions, not his rhetoric, the swamp has gotten much worse, and a lot of it is because of what President Trump did. Mr. President, you can’t say you are draining the swamp and then have an administration abounding with con-flicts of interests and abounding with people who favor the wealthy and hurt the middle class. Of course, there has been no ‘‘bill of love’’ for Dreamers. The President said he was going to stand up to the NRA. He told a couple of Senators that you shouldn’t be afraid of them. And we haven’t seen a check from Mexico on the border wall. It is a plain fact that this President talks the talk but fails time and time and time again to walk the walk. The Trump administration has left behind a trail of broken promises. There is ex-ample after example of this President’s failing to deliver. He has dropped the ball for the middle class on healthcare, on trade, on prescription drugs, on draining the swamp, and on infrastruc-ture. On each issue he said he would do something. He hasn’t. I actually agree with a good number of President Trump’s campaign prom-ises. I want us to be tough on China. I want to bring more accountability and transparency to government. We Democrats want a trillion-dollar infra-structure bill, and we want to bring down the alarming costs of prescrip-tion drugs, but this President either lacks the commitment, the consist-ency, or the know-how to make real progress on any of these issues. That is not good enough—not for the millions of Americans who voted for him because they expected him to de-liver or the millions who didn’t vote for him but need him to deliver because he is President of the United States and the buck stops with him. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
THE BUDGET AGREEMENT  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, notwith-standing what we sometimes hear about a deadlocked Washington, there are times when both parties work to-gether. Three months ago, Republicans and Democrats came together, and we reached a bipartisan budget agreement. Republicans and Democrats together reached an agreement to lift the budg-et caps and provide relief from seques-tration but, most importantly, to make responsible and new investments in the American people over the next 2 years. Then, President Trump, as he stated earlier that he would do if we reached that agreement, signed it into law. But now, even though he signed it into law and even though the agree-ment had been worked out with Repub-licans, Democrats, and the White House together, the President has pro-posed—and, unfortunately, House Re-publicans have drawn up a proposal—to claw back vital funding for children’s healthcare, to claw back funding for rural communities, to take back fund-ing for our infrastructure programs, and to take back funding for law en-forcement. These programs from which the White House and, apparently, their al-lies in the House want to raid the money aren’t Democratic priorities. They are bipartisan, American prior-ities. Ivanka Trump has said that American families need relief. The policies that allow women with chil-dren to thrive shouldn’t be just for a press conference or a photo oppor-tunity. They should be the norm. President Trump’s proposal would claw back $7 billion from the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. If you can’t keep a child healthy, what are they going to be like as an adult? CHIP currently provides health insur-ance for 8.7 million vulnerable children from low-income families. Millions of families from red States and blue States, urban and rural, depend on CHIP to keep their children healthy and happy and to make them the healthy and happy future generation. I don’t know how pulling $7 billion out of this program aligns with the policies to allow children to thrive and to say that should be the norm. You can’t say at a press opportunity: This will be the norm—to allow children to thrive—but oh, by the way, we are going to take back the money to make that work. And if the money can no longer be dedicated to the CHIP program, well, then reinvest it in other important programs as we have done in the past— programs that support our Nation’s children and families, including Head Start, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Program, opioid preven-tion, and cutting-edge research at NIH. The President’s proposal also takes away $159 million from our law enforce-ment. I began my career in law en-forcement. I can’t understand taking $159 million from law enforcement. The President claims that he is going to ‘‘support our police like our police have never been supported before.’’ This week is National Police Week. Today, May 15, is designated as Na-tional Peace Officers Memorial Day. This is when we pause to thank and recognize our Nation’s law enforcement officers for their important work and those officers who sacrificed their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.003 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2660 May 15, 2018 
lives. How does cutting $159 million in resources support our law enforce-ment? Then the President’s proposal will claw back $462 million from infrastruc-ture programs. The President has tweeted often that our infrastructure will, again, be the best in the world— the greatest in the world, he tweets. A tweet doesn’t cost anything, but if you are going to match your actions and your words, it may cost something. It doesn’t help if you are going to take al-most half a billion dollars out of our infrastructure at the same time that you are saying and tweeting that we are going to make it the best in the world. He said he is going to cut $252 million that is meant to combat infectious dis-eases that threaten the United States and threaten millions of Americans who travel, work, serve, and study abroad. Just last week, there were con-firmed cases of the Ebola virus in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. This is not a fight we should be re-treating from. We shouldn’t say we will stop money to fight infectious diseases but then we send our soldiers abroad. We send our Peace Corps abroad. We send our dip-lomats abroad, and Americans travel abroad. We have students who go abroad. Don’t retreat from that fight. The United States will not be ready to face the flu pandemic until it im-proves its vaccines, its healthcare in-frastructure, and its coordination with other countries—all of which we are told are top priorities for the White House, according to a National Secu-rity Council official who said on Mon-day: 
Influenza is a priority to the White House, and represents both a health security and a national security threat. Today, however, we cannot respond with the speed that we need to. 
This is probably because of the large number of deaths of Americans inside the United States during the last flu season. But what do they do? They cut back a quarter of a billion dollars meant to combat infectious diseases. The photo op where they say that we are against these kinds of infections in the United States looks good. Nobody is going to disagree with being against it. I hope my colleagues will disagree with cutting out the money we need to carry out the President’s promise. Then, there is the proposal to claw back $1 billion meant to invest in our rural communities. Almost 2 months ago, in about March—it seems so long ago—Secretary Perdue testified before the Senate that ‘‘prosperity in rural America is particularly vital, not just for the rural communities we love, that many of us call home, but also for our entire Nation.’’ I agree with Secretary Perdue. Many of us do call rural com-munities home. My own town has 1,800 people in it. I love it, so I agree with him, but whether it is a rural commu-nity in my State or any of the 50 States, we don’t invest in their pros-perity, as the administration has prom-ised, if we strip $1 billion in resources from them. In fact, the President’s promises this will not be his last proposal. He is going to send another package in the coming weeks that would attack the foundation of the bipartisan agree-ment—an agreement Republicans and Democrats reached in Congress and was signed into law by the President. He is going to go back on that, adding even more rescissions. I am sure he is looking at the deficit. The President’s tax giveaway to bil-lionaires and corporations increased our Nation’s deficit by $1.9 trillion. Ac-cording to the CBO, the rescission bill the House will debate next week will save only $1 billion—a tiny, tiny frac-tion of what has been given away to billionaires and corporations. The President’s actions should match his words. He says ‘‘America First,’’ but then just in the last few days, he has gone out of his way to fight to save jobs, but they are Chinese jobs. I would rather he fight to save jobs in our State. I wish that rather than spending his time fighting to save Chinese jobs, the President would work to save American jobs. We have people who could use jobs in our country. Let China worry about China’s jobs. Don’t have the President spending his time, first, cutting the money to create jobs in America and then spending time fighting to save Chinese jobs in China. You can’t strip investments from the American people and say you are in favor of saving jobs in China and say that somehow this is making America strong. In the Senate, though, there is good news. We are focused on moving for-ward, on a bipartisan basis, on the fis-cal year 2019 process. Just yesterday, Chairman SHELBY and I announced a schedule. We will mark up all 12 of the appropriations bills by the end of June. Our staffs, Republican and Democratic alike, are going to be working nights and weekends to get us in this position. We, as Senators, are committed to spending whatever amount of time it takes—whether we have to go into the evening, whether we have to go throughout the week—to get all 12 of them marked up by the end of June. I hope the House Republican leader will abandon this ill-considered rescis-sion bill. This is not the start to the fiscal year 2019 process I would have hoped for. Chairman S
HELBY and I have dif-ferent patterns and different philoso-phies, but we want the Senate to work. We are working very hard together. I have great respect for him in putting together our 12 appropriations bills. We can do it. We will be a better body if we do it. Let’s stop the tweeting and the sloganeering, and let’s deal with sub-stance. 
WELL WISHES FOR FIRST LADY MELANIA TRUMP  
AND HARRY REID  
Mr. President, before I yield the floor, I would say, on another matter, a personal matter, that my wife Marcelle and I wish the best and a speedy recov-ery to the First Lady. That is one thing I hope every single Member of this Senate, Republican and Demo-cratic, agree with. I hope she has a speedy and complete recovery. My wife knows, from personal experience, what she is going through. Recovery can come, but you have to work at it. I would also note, in our family, our thoughts and prayers are for the recov-ery of the former Democratic leader, Harry Reid. Our prayers are for him and his family. I am glad to hear he is recovering from his surgery, and we wish him the very best. I yield the floor. I see nobody else seeking recognition, so I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 2:15 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to the con-sideration of Executive Calendar No. 607 as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Carson nomina-tion? Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 77, nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 94 Ex.] YEAS—77 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cardin Carper Cassidy Collins 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.005 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2661 May 15, 2018 
Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—21 
Baldwin Booker Brown Cantwell Casey Cortez Masto Gillibrand Harris Hirono Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Peters Reed Sanders Smith Stabenow Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will resume consideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The bill clerk read the nomination of John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Nalbandian nomination? Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 53, nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 95 Ex.] YEAS—53 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—45 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:59 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of the fol-lowing nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Sec-retary of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 10 hours of debate equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I have come to the floor this afternoon to op-pose the nomination of GEN Mitchell Zais, who has been nominated to serve as Secretary DeVos’s Deputy Secretary at the Department of Education. I am opposing this nomination because those who work at the top of the De-partment of Education should be com-mitted to its top priority, which is helping educate our next generation of students. They should not be focused on demonizing teachers or public schools or the Federal Government’s role in public education, and they should not be promoting their extreme ideological agendas at the expense of our students. We need a Department of Education with a positive vision for our neighbor-hood public schools that believes that everyone has the right to a high-qual-ity public education no matter where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents make. That is what millions of parents and teach-ers and students stood up for during Secretary DeVos’s confirmation hear-ing. Despite the public rejection of her extreme ideology and her unprece-dented tie-breaking confirmation vote by Vice President PENCE , it is clear Secretary DeVos has led the Depart-ment of Education in the opposite di-rection. She has continued to push her privatization agenda, trying to siphon taxpayer funds away from our public schools. She has ignored key parts of our Nation’s K–12 laws, refusing to hold States accountable for the success of our most vulnerable students. She has made it easier for predatory, for-profit companies to take advantage of stu-dents, rolling back protections for stu-dents and dismantling the unit that in-vestigates claims of fraud and abuse. Time and again, she has failed to pro-tect students’ civil rights. She tried to shrink the Office of Civil Rights. She rolled back protections for transgender students. She rescinded guidance for schools on how to investigate claims of campus sexual assault. With Secretary DeVos’s ideological agenda steering this ship, it is clear to me that the Department of Education needs a strong and independent Deputy Secretary of Education to once again start putting students first. Unfortu-nately, General Zais made it clear that he would be proud to be Secretary DeVos’s right-hand man and shares her position on a number of concerning issues. He agrees with Secretary DeVos’s extreme privatization agenda to siphon taxpayer funds from our pub-lic schools. He largely opposes the Fed-eral role in education and, like Sec-retary DeVos, seems to lack even an understanding of key issues important to public schools. As the State superintendent of edu-cation, General Zais allowed his par-tisan ideology to hurt South Carolina students. He refused Federal funding that could have saved teachers’ jobs— the only State to do that—and he ob-jected to plans to expand access to uni-versal pre-K, calling 5-year-olds ‘‘too young to learn.’’ That is a particularly shocking comment to those of us who understand the importance of the first 5 years for children’s development. I come to the floor today on behalf of millions of parents and students and teachers who so loudly objected to Sec-retary DeVos’s agenda during her con-firmation, and I ask my colleagues to vote against this nomination and not allow another DeVos-like nominee into the Department of Education. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.001 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2662 May 15, 2018 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, every morning, across America millions of people get up, get dressed, and go to work. They all have similar experi-ences. They are getting ready for a new day. They are getting ready for a new set of challenges. They are getting ready to serve their company and the place where they work to the best of their ability. There is one group of Americans who get up every morning to go to work, and it is a slightly different experience because when those people report for work, they are knowingly and willingly putting their lives on the line. I am re-ferring to our police officers and law enforcement personnel across the coun-try. I think it is an important distinc-tion. All of us go to work. We all think about it. But stop and think for a mo-ment that when someone puts on that blue uniform or green uniform, or whatever it is, to serve the public, they are taking a risk with their life. They are literally laying their lives on the line for the rest of us. Fifty-six years ago today, President John F. Kennedy designated May 15 as a law enforcement memorial day, or Peace Officers Memorial Day, and the week in which May 15 falls is designed and set aside by our country ever since to recognize peace officers. I love that term—peace officers. They are here to protect us. The Constitution in its preamble lays out the basic outlines for our govern-ment, and this is one of them: to ‘‘in-sure domestic Tranquility.’’ What a lovely phrase that is—to ‘‘insure do-mestic Tranquility.’’ That means, in many cases, law enforcement. I rise today to recognize law enforce-ment officials across the country but, also, particularly in my State of Maine. As Governor, I spent 24 hours a day with the State Police. I learned in that job the quality of the people we have serving us, the quality of the peo-ple, who often could make more money and have more promotions in another line of work but who had chosen to serve the public and put their lives on the line. In Washington, there is a memorial to our law enforcement personnel, to our peace officers. On that memorial there are engraved the names of those who have lost their lives in the service of their fellow citizens. Two of those names that will be added this year are from the State of Maine. One was Chris Gardner. He was only 47 years old. He had worked with the University of Maine Police, and then he worked with the Maine Drug En-forcement Agency. He died November 15, 2016, from complications from a training exercise. He was involved in the Maine Law Enforcement Torch Run. Many law enforcement people across the country are involved with the Torch Run, which raises money and visibility for the Special Olympics. He is survived by his parents, his brother, his sisters, his stepmother, and by many aunts and uncles. He is also sur-vived by other loved ones. Chris Gard-ner served his public, served his people, and served his State and community, and he lost his life in that service. Another loss last year that will be going onto the monument this year is Nathan Desjardins. Nathan was a mem-ber of the Fryeburg Police Department. He was only 20 years old. He had just begun his career in law enforcement as a peace officer. He died on his first day of water training, responding to an in-cident of a capsized canoe. The boat he was on hit an object in the river. He was thrown out. Desjardins and an-other emergency responder were thrown from the boat. He sustained a head injury and died on June 6, 2017. Again, he is survived by his parents, his brother, his grandmother, and a large extended family. Both Nathan and Christopher will have their names added to the memorial this week. They got up, they went to work, they served their public, and they served their citizens and their community. They put their lives on the line, and, in this case, they made the ultimate sac-rifice. A name that will not be added to the memorial this year—the additions are from the prior calendar year, but we had an unbelievably tragic event in Maine barely 3 weeks ago—is that of Eugene P. Cole. He was shot and killed in the line of duty on April 25, 2018. He was born in a little town called Skowhegan, ME. He was raised in that area and was the oldest of five. He graduated from high school and went into the Army. He came back to Maine, worked in a repair shop, and then, in the year 2000, he decided to pursue what was really his calling as a law en-forcement officer. In 2006, at the age of 50, he went to the Maine Criminal Justice Academy, and he became a rural patrol deputy for the Somerset County Sheriff’s Of-fice. I used to live right across the street from the Somerset County Sher-iff’s Office. I remember the sheriff when I was there almost 50 years ago— Francis Henderson. Francis Henderson epitomized law enforcement in Maine and then Somerset County, and his fol-lowers as sheriffs have done the same. Gene Cole was in that mold. He was admired in his community. He was well-known in his community. He was respected. He embodied the values of law enforcement, and he was an inspi-ration to the officers who served with him. He is survived by his wife Sheryl of 41 years, four children, several grand-children, his siblings Tom and Sheryl, his mother, and a large extended fam-ily. His funeral was in Bangor, ME, just a week and a half ago, and 3,600 people were there. Law enforcement officers from across the Northeast and from across the country were there to pay their respects to one of their fallen comrades. Eugene Cole was a hero. He wouldn’t call himself that. He would be embar-rassed to be called that. From my un-derstanding, he was a modest and unas-suming man, but he was a hero because every morning he got up to go to work. He put on his uniform, and he put his life on the line for the people of Som-erset County, Skowhegan, and Norridgewock and for the people of the State of Maine. I rise today to pay tribute to Gene Cole, to Chris Gardner, to Nathan Desjardins, and to all of the peace offi-cers, the law enforcement officers— those across our country in our com-munities—who every day are willing to put their lives on the line for us. Peace Officers Memorial Day—and the week— is a fitting tribute to those brave peo-ple across the country who serve us every day and every night around the clock to ‘‘insure domestic Tran-quility,’’ in the wonderful phrase of our Founders. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, across the country this week and as is evident in the Nation’s Capital, people are hon-oring men and women who serve in law enforcement. If you are visiting the Capitol this week, you will see more law enforcement officers in many dif-ferent uniforms than you would have expected to see, unless you are already here for law enforcement week. When the Presiding Officer and I came to the Senate, Senator C
OONS  from Delaware came at the same time. We started the bipartisan Senate Law Enforcement Caucus. It is a privilege for me to speak during law enforce-ment week as we honor those in law enforcement and to speak on behalf of Senator C
OONS and myself at a time when we think it is particularly impor-tant to recognize what law enforce-ment officers do. I want to talk a little bit about the law enforcement officers who lost their lives this year in the line of duty. Too many law enforcement officers around the country have lost their lives or have been fatally injured in the line of duty. Three law enforcement officers in Missouri were killed in the line of duty in the past year. The Clinton Police Department lost two of those officers— Officers Gary Lee Michael, Jr., and Christopher Ryan Morton. Miller County Deputy Sheriff Casey Shoemate also lost his life. Deputy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.011 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2663 May 15, 2018 
Shoemate was killed last month while responding to a structure fire. He was in a fatal car accident. He served at the Miller County Sheriff’s Office for 1 year. He is survived by his two chil-dren, his fiancee, and his parents and siblings. In March, Clinton, MO, Police Officer Christopher Ryan Morton was shot and killed when he and two other officers responded to an unknown situation as the result of a 9–1–1 call. As Officer Morton and his colleagues arrived at the scene, the subject opened fire. The officers returned fire. They entered the home in an attempt to take the man into custody. The man continued firing and wounded all three of the officers. Officer Morton’s colleagues survived their injuries, but Officer Morton’s wounds turned out to be fatal. He served the Clinton Police Department for 3 years. Prior to joining law en-forcement, he had served in the Mis-souri Army National Guard, and he de-ployed to Kosovo and Afghanistan. But it was at home in Clinton, MO, where he lost his life serving others. He is survived by his parents and his sib-lings. In August of last year, another offi-cer, Gary Michael, was shot and killed during a traffic stop. Officer Michael had stopped a vehicle for a suspected registration violation, and the driver exited the vehicle and immediately opened fire. Even though he was mor-tally wounded, Officer Michael was able to return fire and wound the sub-ject, who was later apprehended. He had been with the Clinton Police De-partment for only 1 year. He was an Army veteran. He left behind his wife, his three children, and a grandchild. In April, the Clinton Police Depart-ment placed a tribute to the two fallen officers in the station. The plaque quotes John 15:13: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.’’ Officers leave their homes every day likely to face more difficult situations than most of us face. The families of officers always have in the back of their minds thoughts about what is going to happen to the person they love when that person is out there defend-ing us. When officers put on their uni-forms, say goodbye to the people they love, and walk out the door, they put their lives on the line to try to keep others safe. We are forever indebted to them. We are indebted to their fami-lies. This debt becomes a responsibility for the sacrifices they make and the trauma some families face every day. When we see more police officers am-bushed, when we see officers becoming targets more frequently than they used to be, this is the debt we owe to them and their families. Every year in conjunction with Na-tional Police Week, the names of fallen officers like the three I just mentioned are added to the wall of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial. There are more than 21,000 names on that wall, dating back to the first law enforcement death in 1791. This week, Senator C OONS and I will be introducing the National Law En-forcement Museum Commemorative Coin Act. That bill authorizes the Treasury Department to mint coins to commemorate the opening of the Na-tional Law Enforcement Museum lo-cated in Washington, DC. The museum is scheduled to open later this year and is dedicated to highlighting and hon-oring the work of law enforcement past and present. After the government is reimbursed for costs associated with producing the coin, proceeds will sup-port the National Law Enforcement Of-ficers Memorial Fund’s educational and outreach programs. I certainly hope our colleagues will join Senator C
OONS and me—as 15 Members already have—as we circulate the request to have a coin minted and used in that way. Men and women of State and local law enforcement put themselves in harm’s way every day to protect our communities. The Federal Government shares the responsibility of ensuring that they have the training, equip-ment, and support they need to do their jobs. We benefit every day from the people who are law enforcement officers in and around this building. One of the things they do is obviously keep the people safe who work here, but they also make the U.S. Capitol the most open and accessible Capitol in the world. People come here every day and walk through this building where his-tory has been made and where the work of democracy still goes on. It wouldn’t be possible for them to do that if it weren’t for the police officers who serve and protect the Capitol and the places around the Capitol where people who want to see democracy in action come. The stress and fatigue that law en-forcement officers face in the line of duty can take a heavy toll and can lead to behavioral health issues, such as anxiety, depression, and post-trau-matic stress. They have the stress that wherever they are can become the frontline when working in law enforce-ment. I was proud that the Senate passed by unanimous consent the Law Enforcement Mental Health and Wellness Act during Police Week just 1 year ago. This bill, which I cospon-sored, will help law enforcement agen-cies better understand and address the behavioral health needs of their offi-cers. On that topic, too often in the last decade, we have expected police offi-cers to generally be the frontlines of behavioral health delivery. This is not a job that is best done by police offi-cers and emergency rooms, but too much of it is still being done that way. Police departments all over the coun-try have turned into crisis intervention teams, where they prepare officers—in some cases, every officer in a depart-ment is prepared to be a crisis inter-vention officer. They must not only be a law enforcement officer but also the on-site person who must recognize a mental health problem and deal with that issue differently than they might if it were another kind of problem. Recently, I cosponsored the Proba-tion Officer Protection Act, which would allow Federal probation officers to protect themselves and enhance their ability to do their job by giving them the authority to arrest third par-ties who are interfering with their doing their job as they try to secure a person who has violated their proba-tion. Currently, probation officers don’t have the authority to arrest a third party who forcibly interferes with the officer’s performance of his or her official duties. We recently had Jim Goehring from the Eastern District of Missouri in our office for a couple of weeks to advise us on this and other issues, to be our pol-icy adviser on Federal probation issues. I know he and the people he works with would like to see that bill passed this year. There are a few things we can do and are doing to honor the men and women in law enforcement and to help them better meet the real challenges of their job. They are our first responders. They run toward danger when others are able to run away. All of us in this Chamber have an obligation to honor their service not just today, not just during Police Week, but every day and every week. This is a week set aside for that, as we see officers here in Wash-ington and at home. It is a good week to say thank you. Whether it is here or where we live, reaching out and saying thank you to those who serve us is the right thing to do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, today, on Peace Officers Memorial Day, I would like to honor the service and sacrifice of Colt Eugene Allery, a sher-iff’s deputy in Rolette County, ND, who was killed in the line of duty in Janu-ary of 2017. Deputy Allery was only 29 years old, but he spent much of his young life serving in law enforcement. His loved ones said that he was happiest when he was doing for others, which is why he chose law enforcement as his career. In his life and service, Deputy Allery ex-emplified courage and a willingness to do whatever had to be done, regardless of the circumstances. Deputy Allery’s name was inscribed on the National Law Enforcement Offi-cers Memorial earlier this week—a lasting tribute to his bravery and dedi-cation to serving his community. His name joins 51 other North Dakota law enforcement officers who have paid the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.012 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2664 May 15, 2018 
ultimate price. We honor their legacy, along with police officers across the country who have died in the line of duty. Here in the Senate, we are also pay-ing tribute to our men and women in blue. I am proud to join my colleagues in sponsoring a Senate resolution that pays tribute to Deputy Allery and the 128 other law enforcement officers killed on duty in 2017. Their dedication to community and the rule of law is characteristic of so many of our police-men and policewomen, without whose efforts our communities would not be the same. In recognition of such ef-forts, our resolution also honors the service of all law enforcement officers by designating this week, May 13 through 19, as National Police Week. We want to thank our men and women in blue—those who leave their homes and loved ones each day to pro-tect our communities and heed the call to serve. While we pay special tribute to their service during National Police Week, we are always grateful for their sacrifices on our behalf. We honor them and thank them for heeding the call to serve. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I am honored to join with my colleagues in honoring the men and women of law enforcement during National Police Week. This year, it was our colleague Mr. B
LUNT , the Senator from Missouri and the leader of our Senate Law Enforce-ment Caucus, who arranged an oppor-tunity for us to speak on the floor, and I thank him for that. I wish to commend my colleagues Senators G
RASSLEY and F EINSTEIN for putting together the National Police Week Resolution. As of yesterday afternoon, there were 75 cosponsors to this resolution, which is more than we have had previously. In 2017, the law enforcement commu-nity lost 199 of its bravest to line-of- duty incidents. The National Law En-forcement Officers Memorial Fund re-ports that 53 officers have given their lives in 2018; 28 of those killed by fire-arms. This is a 56-percent increase over the same period in 2017. I am very grateful that in Alaska we have not lost an officer in 2018. We are praying that continues and that we don’t see any moving forward, but we know, like every other State out there, we are living on borrowed time. Law enforcement families live on borrowed time. The job is inherently dangerous, and we pray and wish and hope that loved ones return home at the end of his or her shift. Really, we know there are no guarantees, and there never will be. The last Alaska officer to give his life to protect ours was Sergeant Allen Brandt. He was with the Fairbanks Po-lice Department. His end of watch was October 28, 2016. Sergeant Brandt was shot multiple times just a couple of weeks before his death. Everyone thought he would survive his injuries. I had an opportunity to speak with him while he was in the hospital with his wife and his best friend. He was re-leased from the hospital. Eight days after the shooting, Allen felt strong enough to actually appear before the Fairbanks City Council in person to thank the community for their out-pouring of love and support and the un-conditional love they had offered him and his family in the wake of this trag-edy. He was very thankful to the com-munity, most certainly, but he also went on to admonish the community. He said: We need your support, not just when bad things happen. The officers do a hard job and most of the time it’s thankless. 
Those were truly his famous last words. He went to Anchorage for a sec-ond surgery a few days later, and he died on the operating table. Officer Allen is clearly not forgotten in the Fairbanks community. He lived a hero’s life, and his words before the Fairbanks City Council will be long re-membered: ‘‘We need your support, not just when bad things happen.’’ That has to be the reminder to all of us all of the time—to be there for those who are serving us, to be there to support them. In an editorial published this morn-ing, the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner offers the following: 
With police receiving much negative media attention on the national level, sometimes people forget the vast majority of police offi-cers are good men and women who put their lives on the line. . . . Take time to remem-ber the . . . fallen officers who have given their lives up for their communities. And be sure to thank the police officers you do see for the hard job they do, even if nothing bad has happened lately. 
Those were words taken from the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner this morning. This week, thousands of members of the law enforcement family have come to Washington, DC, for public cere-monies on the Mall and here at the Capitol. There have been private mo-ments visiting lost colleagues at the memorial site. The surviving relatives of the fallen are grieving and recov-ering at events sponsored by Concerns of Police Survivors. This is a great or-ganization, a vital organization, whose existence is barely known outside of the law enforcement community. I have had several—several—opportuni-ties over the years to work with this extraordinary organization as they have been there for the families who have lost their heroes. There are ample opportunities this week to thank members of our law en-forcement family for their sacrifices in public and, certainly, ample opportuni-ties every day of the year to thank our officers in private, starting with our own U.S. Capitol Police who greet us at the door every morning. They remain on post when we leave at the end of very long days. They are here for us day in and day out. I would just end with an observation. I think the editorial this morning in the Fairbanks paper offers up words of wisdom. As the memories of National Police Week 2018 fade, I hope we will not wait until next May to thank the men and women of law enforcement for their selfless and at times thankless service to our communities. With that, I thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. HEALTHCARE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise today in support of legislation I have introduced with several of my col-leagues—Senators M
URKOWSKI , B AR-
RASSO , STABENOW , and C ASSIDY —that would remove a barrier that prevents patients from getting the most afford-able prescription drug prices at the pharmacy counter. Mr. President, Americans have the right to know which payment meth-od—whether it is using insurance or paying with cash out of pocket—would provide the most savings when they are purchasing prescription drugs. The two bills we have introduced would estab-lish some clarity in this incredibly opaque drug pricing system. Nearly 60 percent of Americans, in-cluding roughly 90 percent of seniors, take at least one prescription drug. In 2016, Americans spent more than $330 billion, including a staggering $45 bil-lion out of pocket, on retail prescrip-tion drugs. The Federal Government picked up another $139 billion through Medicare, Medicaid, and other pro-grams. Prescription drugs amount to nearly 18 percent of all healthcare expendi-tures and are the second fastest grow-ing expenditure within healthcare. Moreover, two-thirds of personal bank-ruptcies in our country have been at-tributed to the cost of medical care, in-cluding prescription drugs. To make in-formed decisions, at the very least, we should have the right to know how much our prescription drugs cost. At a series of hearings held by the Senate HELP Committee, I have ques-tioned repeatedly one particularly egregious practice that conceals prices from patients at the pharmacy counter. This practice is the result of what are known as ‘‘pharmacy gag clauses.’’ These are contract terms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.014 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2665 May 15, 2018 
that prohibit pharmacists from proactively telling consumers if their prescription would actually cost less if they paid for it themselves rather than using their insurance plan. In other words, if the consumer is using insur-ance, pharmacists can actually be pro-hibited from disclosing whether the consumer is paying the lowest possible price. In fact, the pharmacist is prohib-ited from sharing this vital informa-tion unless the consumer explicitly asks. Most consumers would never guess that it would be cheaper for them to pay out of pocket than to use their in-surance plan to purchase the medicine they need. Insurance is intended to save consumers money in this situa-tion, but that is not always the case. Gag clauses in contracts that prohibit pharmacists from telling patients how to obtain best prices obscure what the true cost of the drug could be and the fact that it could be lower than what the patient is paying. Several recent investigations, including by the New York Times and NBC News, have high-lighted this unacceptable practice. For example, a consumer paid a copay of $43 for a cholesterol drug; however, had that same consumer paid cash rather than using his insurance, the cost would have been only $19. Another in-vestigation told the story of a con-sumer who used insurance to pay $129 for a drug when the cost would have been just $18 had he paid out of pocket. From Maine to California, the stories are endless. And this practice is not an outlier issue. According to a survey by the National Community Pharmacists Association, more than 50 percent of community pharmacists reported that gag clause restrictions prevented them from telling patients about other less expensive options, such as paying in cash, at least 10 times in the past month. Recently, I was at the pharmacy counter at a grocery store in Maine, and the couple in front of me decided not to take the prescription they need-ed because the copay of $111 was more than they could afford. I could not help but wonder: If they hadn’t used their insurance, would they have been able to purchase that drug at a lower price? It is so counterintuitive that very few consumers are going to think to ask the pharmacist that question. I first learned about these gag clauses from pharmacists in Maine who were frustrated that they were prohib-ited from providing their patients with information on the most cost-effective way for them to purchase the medica-tion they had been prescribed. Phar-macists are barred from speaking up, and those who do face penalties for doing so. Pharmacists are on the frontlines in helping patients manage multiple medications, and they would also like to help ensure that their pa-tients are getting the best, most af-fordable price. The first bill we have introduced, the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, which is S. 2554—which I have co-sponsored with the four Senators I mentioned, Senators M
CCASKILL , BAR-
RASSO , STABENOW , and C ASSIDY —would prohibit pharmacy gag clauses in healthcare plans that are sold on the exchange and in group plans as well. The second bill, the Know the Lowest Price Act, which is S. 2553—which I am a lead cosponsor on with Senator S
TA-
BENOW —would ban these clauses in Medicare Part D and Medicare Advan-tage plans. Specifically, both bills would pro-hibit health insurance plans and any pharmacy benefit managers with whom they contract from restricting the abil-ity of a pharmacist to provide a plan enrollee with information about any price difference that may exist between the price of the drug under the insur-ance plan and the price of the drug pur-chased out of pocket. Our bills would also prohibit penalties from being im-posed on any pharmacist who shares such vital and valuable information. Some States have already taken ac-tion to combat this problem. For exam-ple, the State of Maine enacted a law last year that prohibits charging an in-surance enrollee a copayment or other charge that is higher than the cost of the drug to the pharmacy provider. The Maine law also protects pharmacists who disclose information related to out-of-pocket costs from being penal-ized by insurance companies or PPMs under gag clauses. These are common-sense solutions. In announcing his drug pricing plan last week, the President, I am pleased to say, stated his intent to ban any gag clauses that would apply to phar-macies. While the administration can take some steps administratively to curb this practice, the enactment of our two bills would ensure that this protection for pharmacists and for pa-tients is required under law. As consumers continue to face sky-rocketing prescription drug prices, we ought to do all we can to ensure that Americans are getting the best prices possible. As Congress looks at innova-tive ways to bring down prices and to increase transparency throughout the healthcare system, our bills tackle an overlooked issue that directly affects consumers and pharmacies across our country. Our legislation has already received strong endorsements from more than a dozen organizations, including Patients for Affordable Drugs, the American Pharmacists Association, the Pharma-ceutical Care Management Associa-tion, and other groups, ranging from the Arthritis Foundation to the AIDS Institute. I ask unanimous consent that these letters and statements be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. It is only logical that pharmacists want to be able to provide their cus-tomers with information that will help them afford the medications they have been prescribed. It is absolutely unac-ceptable for pharmacists in this coun-try to be banned, under gag clauses, from providing that invaluable infor-mation to patients, particularly those who may be struggling with the cost of prescription drugs. I urge my colleagues to support ban-ning pharmacy gag clauses and the pas-sage of both S. 2554 and S. 2553. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
PATIENTS FOR  A
FFORDABLE DRUGS NOW, April 2, 2018. Hon. Senator S
USAN COLLINS , Washington, DC. Hon. Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Washington, DC. Hon. Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW , Washington, DC. Hon. Senator J
OHNBARRASSO , Washington, DC. Hon. Senator B
ILLCASSIDY , Washington, DC. Hon. Senator R
ONWYDEN , Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS COLLINS , MCCASKILL , STA-
BENOW , BARRASSO , CASSIDY , AND WYDEN : As an organization that represents patients hurt by high prescription drug prices, Pa-tients For Affordable Drugs NOW is acutely aware of the importance of patient access to information on drug prices. Today we are writing to endorse The Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act (S. 2554) and The Know the Lowest Price Act (S. 2553). Pharmacy Benefit Managers (PBMs) often write contracts that prevent local phar-macists from communicating with patients openly about the prices of drugs. PBMs are a black box in the drug distribution pipeline, and these contracts extend their lack of transparency into our community phar-macies. Patients For Affordable Drugs NOW has heard from patients all over the country who are cutting pills in half, skipping doses, and going without food to pay for their drugs. It’s wrong. At the very least these patients deserve to understand where their costs come from and how to find the best price for the drugs they need. Your leadership on this issue is greatly appreciated, and these bills are a step toward giving patients the infor-mation they deserve. Patients For Affordable Drugs NOW strongly supports S. 2554 and S. 2553 and urges Congress to move quickly in passing them. Sincerely, D
AVID MITCHELL , Founder, Patients For Affordable Drugs NOW. 
AMERICAN PHARMACISTS ASSOCIATION , March 22, 2018. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , Washington, DC. Hon. C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS COLLINS AND MCCASKILL : On behalf of the American Pharmacists As-sociation (APhA), and our 64,000 members, I am pleased to announce our support for the Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act, S. 2554—legislation to permanently remove a significant barrier imposed on pharmacists from pharmaceutical benefit managers’ (PBMs) use of ‘‘gag clauses’’ in contracts. APhA appreciates your efforts to increase patients’ access to more affordable and cost- effective medicines by empowering phar-macists to inform patients that a medication may be less expensive if purchased at the ‘‘cash price,’’ rather than through their in-surance plan. For years pharmacists have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:34 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.017 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2666 May 15, 2018 
been frustrated by their inability to help their patients who they knew were strug-gling with high co-payments. APhA, founded in 1852 as the American Pharmaceutical Association, represents pharmacists, pharmaceutical scientists, stu-dent pharmacists, pharmacy technicians, and others interested in improving medica-tion use and advancing patient care. APhA members provide care in all practice set-tings, including community pharmacies, physicians’ offices, hospitals, long-term care facilities, community health centers, man-aged care organizations, hospice settings and the uniformed services. America’s 300,000 pharmacists are the health care professionals most often at the front lines of informing patients about their medication costs or copay amounts and ex-plaining complicated insurance coverage policies. However, under many contracts with PBMs, pharmacists cannot inform pa-tients that a medicine is less expensive if they pay the cash price and do not run it through their health plans. Thank you for your efforts in removing this barrier on pharmacists—the medication expert on the patient’s health care team—to assist patients in receiving the affordable medications they need. APhA is committed to working collaboratively with you and other stakeholders to improve the accessi-bility and affordability of effective medica-tions. If you have any questions or require additional information, please contact Alicia Kerry J. Mica, Senior Lobbyist, Government Affairs. Sincerely, T
HOMAS E. M ENIGHAN , BSPharm, MBA, ScD (Hon), FAPhA, Executive Vice President and CEO. 
[From PCMA, March 15, 2018] PCMA R
ESPONDS TO ‘‘PATIENT RIGHT TO  K
NOWDRUGPRICES ACT’’ W
ASHINGTON , DC.—The Pharmaceutical Care Management Association (PCMA) re-leased the following statement on legisla-tion, the ‘‘Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act,’’ introduced today in the Senate: ‘‘We support the patient always paying the lowest cost at the pharmacy counter, wheth-er its the cash price or the copay. This is standard industry practice in both Medicare and the commercial sector. We would oppose contracting that pro-hibits drugstores from sharing with patients the cash price they charge for each drug. These rates are set entirely at the discretion of each pharmacy and can vary significantly from drugstore to drugstore. Fortunately: to the degree this issue was ever rooted in more than anecdotal informa-tion, it has been addressed in the market-place.’’ 
APRIL 16, 2018. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNBARRASSO , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. D
EBBIE STABENOW , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLCASSIDY , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARSENATORS COLLINS , MCCASKILL , BAR-
RASSO , CASSIDY , ANDSTABENOW : On behalf of the patient and provider organizations listed below, all of which are members of the Coali-tion for Accessible Treatments, we write in support of the bipartisan Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act (S. 2554), which would prohibit health plans offered through the ex-changes or by private employers from using so-called gag clauses that can be used to pro-hibit the disclosure of pricing options to pa-tients. We are also supportive of legislation you introduced with Senator Wyden, the Know the Lowest Price Act (S. 2553). The bill would similarly afford protections for patients en-rolled in Medicare Advantage plans and Medicare Prescription Drug Plans. As you know, some pharmacists are re-quired to sign ‘‘gag orders,’’ which typically apply to generics and prevent the patient from making the cheaper choice of paying out-of-pocket rather than paying a higher co-payment. In fact, in some cases if a pa-tient were to pay the cash price, they would pay less for their medication than if they used their health insurance. However, a pharmacist that has signed a gag order would be prohibited from informing a pa-tient of this option. Research published earlier this month in the Journal of the American Medical Asso-ciation found that overpayments affected 23 percent of prescriptions filled out of the nearly 10 million claims that were evaluated. The study also calculated that these over-payments totaled $135 million in 2013. Thank you for your leadership. It is crit-ical that patients are made aware of pay-ment options at the pharmacy counter and understand whether utilizing insurance or paying out-of-pocket would provide the most savings to purchase needed medication. We look forward to working with you on these and other important access issues affecting patients with chronic diseases. Sincerely, The AIDS Institute, American Academy of Dermatology Association, American Academy of Neurology, American Autoimmune Related Diseases Associa-tion, American College of Rheumatology, Arthritis Foundation, Hematology/Oncology Pharmacy Asso-ciation, Leukemia & Lymphoma Soci-ety, Lupus and Allied Diseases Associa-tion, Inc., National Psoriasis Founda-tion, Sjo¨gren’s Syndrome Foundation. CVS H EALTH , Woonsocket, RI, March 15, 2018. CVS H
EALTH APPLAUDS NEWLEGISLATION TO  B
ETTER INFORM PHARMACY CHOICES  
BIPARTISAN ‘‘PATIENT RIGHT TO KNOW DRUG  
PRICES ACT ’’ AND‘‘KNOW THE LOWEST PRICE  
ACT OF 2018 ’’ INTRODUCED IN THE U .S. SENATE  W
OONSOCKET , R.I., March 15, 2018—CVS Health (NYSE: CVS) today released the fol-lowing statement regarding the ‘‘Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act,’’ introduced by U.S. Senators Collins, McCaskill, Bar-rasso, Stabenow and Cassidy and the ‘‘Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018,’’ introduced by U.S. Senators Stabenow, Collins, Wyden, Cassidy, McCaskill and Barrasso. These bills prevent companies from instituting contract provisions, known as ‘‘gag clauses,’’ which prohibit pharmacists from informing pa-tients if the cash price of a prescription is lower than the cost the patient would pay using their health insurance. ‘‘CVS Health applauds the introduction of the ‘‘Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act,’’ and the ‘‘Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018,’’ which will help ensure all consumers can make informed decisions about their prescription drug costs at the pharmacy counter. CVS Health’s own pharmacy benefit manager, CVS Caremark, does not engage in the practice of preventing pharmacists from informing patients of the cash price of a pre-scription drug, known as ‘‘gag clauses.’’ Ac-tually, our contracts with all dispensing pharmacies in our network require that CVS Caremark members always get the benefit of at least the lower of the pharmacy’s cash price and the plan’s copay. If a CVS Caremark plan member’s copay for a drug is greater than the dispensing pharmacy’s con-tracted rate, it is not our practice to collect that difference from the pharmacy. We are pleased to see these bills align the industry to these consumer best practices and applaud Senators Collins, Stabenow, Wyden, McCas-kill, Barrasso, and Cassidy for their leader-ship.’’ [From CISION PR N EWSWIRE , Mar. 16, 2018] 
EXPRESS SCRIPTS ENDORSES ‘‘KNOW THE LOW -
EST PRICE ACT OF 2018 ’’ AND‘‘PATIENT RIGHT  
TO KNOW DRUG PRICES ACT ’’ (By Express Scripts) S
T. LOUIS, March 16, 2018 /PRNewswire/— Express Scripts (NASDAQ: ESRX) today re-leased this statement in support of S. 2553, the ‘‘Know the Lowest Price Act of 2018,’’ in-troduced by U.S. Senators Stabenow, Collins, Wyden, Cassidy, McCaskill and Barrasso, and S. 2554, the ‘‘Patient Right to Know Drug Prices Act,’’ introduced by U.S. Senators Collins, McCaskill, Barrasso, Stabenow and Cassidy. Express Scripts is against clawbacks and gag clauses, anti-patient practices that have been used by other pharmacy benefit man-agers. ‘‘Express Scripts has long supported the goals of S. 2553 and S. 2554, and we have worked with state lawmakers across the country to prohibit the anti-consumer prac-tice of so-called ‘‘gag clauses.’’ We applaud the Senators for leading on this important issue. Since we are already in compliance, we are prepared for an effective date of today. ‘‘Drug makers want plan sponsors and pa-tients to think that pharmacy benefit man-agers gain from this anti-consumer practice, which is clearly not the case. We encourage swift consideration of S. 2553 and S. 2554 so lawmakers can focus on the real issue—high drug prices set by manufacturers.’’ As part of its mission to put medicine within reach of patients, Express Scripts be-lieves its members should pay the lowest cost possible, and be informed about the out of pocket cost of their medication in advance of filling a prescription. We provide members real-time pricing information, customized to their individual plans, via our website and mobile app. Moreover, pharmacies in our re-tail network are not permitted to charge a member more for their copay under their benefit than the pharmacy’s cash price. While there is never an instance where a pharmacist or pharmacy would need to tell an Express Scripts member about a lower cost by paying cash because the claim would process at the lower cost, we agree that so- called ‘‘gag clauses’’ are not in patients’ best interest. Therefore, they are not part of our retail network agreements. More information on this issue can be found at: http://lab.express-scripts.com/lab/ insights/drug-options/keeping-copays-afford-able. 
Ms. COLLINS. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I commend my friend and colleague from Maine who has been such an extraor-dinary leader on these issues. She is the chairwoman of our Aging Com-mittee. We recently had a hearing on how we can do better on pricing for in-sulin diabetes products. She is tireless, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.031 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2667 May 15, 2018 
and we are very grateful for her hard work. 
PENSIONS  
Mr. President, over the next hour, we will hear from a group of Senators speaking in support of the hundreds of thousands of workers and retirees across the country at risk of losing their pensions. We are here, once again, calling on Congress to enact pension legislation before it is too late. I thank Senator B
ALDWIN for helping me organize this block of floor speech-es, and I thank Senators H
EITKAMP , M
ANCHIN , K LOBUCHAR , C ASEY , and P
ETERS for their participation today and for their years of hard work in search of a solution. I also want to rec-ognize my friend and colleague Senator B
ROWN for his tireless leadership on this issue. If we don’t act soon, in my home State of Indiana, nearly 22,000 Team-sters and 2,700 mine workers could face significant pension cuts—and they are not alone. There are nearly 150 multi-employer pension plans listed by the U.S. Department of Labor as in ‘‘crit-ical or endangered status.’’ The failure of those plans would likely lead to the collapse of the Federal pension insur-ance program—the PBGC—the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. Over the last several years I, along with a number of my colleagues, have been calling on the Senate to take ac-tion. I helped introduce the Butch Lewis Act, which puts pension plans on solid footing through a new financing option. I also helped introduce the Min-ers Pension Protection Act, which would ensure the solvency of the United Mine Workers of America pen-sion plan. I met with Hoosier pension bene-ficiaries countless times to hear their stories, including hundreds of Team-sters at Local 135 in Indianapolis and dozens of mineworkers in Oakland City. Additionally, I have hosted bipar-tisan meetings and spoken with the current and previous administrations to push for action now. Though I wish legislation had al-ready been enacted, Congress did cre-ate a joint select committee earlier this year to hopefully craft a legisla-tive solution by the end of the year. That is why I am here—to continue shining a light on this important issue and to push for a solution. This issue has significant, real-life implications for the thousands of Hoo-siers who are affected by it. Don’t take my word for it; listen to the heartfelt words of my constituents. Rex and Cristine in Fort Wayne, IN, wrote: 
We both worked really hard for a combined number of 48 years . . . and now to be faced with the possibility of elimination or reduc-tion of our pensions—through no fault of our own—would severely impact our peace of mind and quality of life. . . . A promise is a promise and we, as retirees, need these prom-ises to be honored. 
Randy, who is a retiree and Teamster since 1972 in Fort Wayne, IN, wrote: My entire working career . . . I was prom-ised what I would earn from my pension. . . . Now I am sixty-five years old and have health issues. . . . I need your help to pass the Butch Lewis Act of 2017 . . . that way we can all live the rest of our years with dignity and respect without becoming a burden on anyone. 
Steven is a marine veteran from Co-lumbia City, IN. He served from 1971 through 1974. He wrote: 
Without my pension, Social Security is my only income. We are not asking for a hand out, only what most of us worked 30 years for. We earned our pension and as a member of Central States Pension fund, the govern-ment was already watching over our fund. What happened? Not many of us have any-thing else to live on. I am 66 years old and cannot replace a lost pension. 
Elizabeth, from Fort Wayne, IN, wrote: 
My husband and I are both drawing a pen-sion from Central States. Together we worked 45 years without employer contribu-tion to the pension fund. During this time we sacrificed a large amount in hourly wage so our company could contribute to our pen-sion. Since retiring my husband suffered a heart attack and had two knee surgeries. It would be very difficult for him to find work that would replace the lost income if we no longer have our pensions. 
Russel from Yoder, IN, wrote: 
Without my pension, it will become much more difficult to buy groceries, pay for our medicine . . . my wife and I are both 81 years old. I paid into the pension fund for 41 years and I ask you to protect your constituents by urging the leadership to include the Butch Lewis Act in the agenda. 
David, who is also from Fort Wayne, wrote: 
We planned on having this pension for 30 years. All those years I worked hard, paid my dues . . . I thought I would be able to se-cure my family’s ability to relax and enjoy retirement and not have to worry about pen-nies spent . . . this is not cheap and cuts into our Social Security. Our pension helps ab-sorb these added costs for our household money and is not extra money. 
Nelson, who is from Andrews, IN, wrote: 
I started driving a truck in 1957 and since that time I’ve driven well over 3.2 million ac-cident-free miles. . . . Now, my wife and I . . . rely on my pension for basic living ex-penses and to cover medical expenses. If my pension is cut, we’ll be unable to make ends meet. We urgently need your help to protect my pension. 
Rex and Cristine, Randy, Steven, Elizabeth, Russell, David and Nelson all earned their pensions, and they are just a small representation of the thou-sands of working families—and every-one has their own story—who are de-pending on us to do our job and act. They don’t want a handout. That is not the American way. That is not the Hoosier way. They did their part. Now it is time for us to help make good on what they were promised. They don’t care about politics. They don’t want anything to do with par-tisanship. They just want us to fix this. That is part of why we were sent here— to solve problems—and it is time to solve this problem now. Let’s reach a solution that allows American workers to retire with the fi-nancial security they expected and the financial security they earned. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise on behalf of the more than 25,000 work-ers and retirees in Wisconsin who have paid into the Central States Pension Fund. If Washington does not act, workers and retirees face massive cuts to the pensions they have earned over decades of work. If Washington does not act, small businesses will be on the hook for a pension liability they cannot af-ford. I have been proud to work side by side with Wisconsin workers and retir-ees and with Senator BROWN , who in-troduced the Butch Lewis Act, and I have been proud to work with Senator D
ONNELLY and others to organize this afternoon’s opportunity to share the stories of the hard-working people and retirees we represent. The bill—the Butch Lewis Act—will put failing multiemployer pension plans, including Central States, back on solid ground, and it does so without cutting a single cent from the pension retirees have earned. I have also introduced legislation to help shore up the government’s insur-ance plan for these pensions. Earlier this year, I shared the stories of Wis-consin retirees who stand to lose more than 50 percent of their pensions if Washington does not act. Since then, nothing has been done. I am here once again to remind my colleagues that this is about a promise that must be kept. This is about a promise made to Gary, from Marshfield, WI. Gary told me: 
We recently got custody of our great grandson, and raising an 8 year old is expen-sive, more expensive than when our kids were young. If my pension gets cut, it would definitely affect our family. 
I relate to Gary’s comments because I was raised by my grandparents. I can’t imagine raising a great-grand-child. So thank you for doing that. Also, yes, it does cost money, and you need to have the stability of keeping the promises that you were given when you enrolled in Central States Pension. This is about a promise made to Diane and her husband, from Luxem-burg, WI. Diane wrote to tell me: 
If my husband loses his pension, we could lose our house. My husband has been through polio, cancer, a knee replacement—and he needs another. He worked hard all his life lifting thousands of pounds every day in a grocery warehouse. We paid into a pension expecting to have a comfortable life in re-tirement—and now it’s at risk of being lost. 
This is about a promise we made to Michael, from De Pere, WI, a Vietnam veteran. For over 30 years, Michael was a driver at a local construction busi-ness. His wife is a retired nurse. They both worked long hours and are now at the age where finding a new job is not an option. Michael told me: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.019 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2668 May 15, 2018 
With increasing costs of living and pre-scription drugs, losing my pension would leave us in a state of devastation. 
This is about a promise made to Ran-dall. Randall is from Suamico, WI. He is a retired truckdriver. Randall told me about long hours on the road and leaving his wife at home to care for their children. In 2015 he received a let-ter from Central States Pension Fund informing him that his pension would be cut in half. I can’t imagine receiving that sort of devastating news. Randall is 68 years old, he is in poor health, and he would find it impossible to find another job today. He said: 
My wife and I both worked hard our entire lives. Our hard work should have meant a se-cure retirement, and we are worried sick about the possibility of losing my pension. It is difficult to sleep at night. 
If Washington does not act, we will be breaking a promise made to 1.5 mil-lion workers and retirees nationwide. Small businesses will make hard deci-sions to lay off workers or close their doors. Washington needs to act, and we need to do it now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Wis-consin for those heartfelt and inspiring remarks. It illustrates the problem— the problem I was talking about with my friend Randy, from Fort Wayne, who said: ‘‘My entire career I was promised what I would earn from my pension.’’ These are people who every day got up in the dark, worked all day, and went home in the dark so they could take care of their families, so they could meet their obligations. All of the businesses to which many of these teamster drivers delivered counted on those drivers to be there every day, on time in order to keep their business going, and they always kept their word. The coal miners from my State were promised by Harry Truman that this pension was a sacred obligation that would be kept, and they counted on President Truman’s word and the word of everybody else after that. They kept the lights on in our coun-try. They helped to make sure that we were able to win wars. They stood up every single day to fight for the red, white, and blue. All they ever asked is for us to keep our word. That is what we need to do. I am honored to have with us here today my colleague from North Da-kota, who fights every single day for the people of her State. We are so blessed to have her with us right now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, this is such an important issue, and those of us who have spent time with any of the workers and those of us who have spent time with small business owners who are deeply concerned about the vi-ability of their business under a ‘‘last man standing’’ kind of rule completely understand the level of grave concern these Americans are experiencing as a result of the problem with multiem-ployer pension funds like Central States. It is clear to me that if we fail to act, workers and retirees could, and probably will, see their retirement se-curity disappear. Small businesses across the country could, and probably will, face bankruptcy, and taxpayers would still be left on the hook. Today we are here to tell the stories and give the voice to the workers, small businesses, and retirees who are most at-risk for losing their pensions after years of hard work and playing by the rules. Today I rise to give a voice to thousands of North Dakota workers and retirees who are at risk of losing their retirement security because of the financial instability of our multi-employer pension system. The only way to prevent these work-ers and retirees from losing their pen-sions is for Congress to act. These men and women did everything right, and they live not just in North Dakota but in almost every State. They played by the rules. They worked for years, if not decades, often in labor-intensive jobs, like coal miners or as workers in the trucking industry, such as UPS pack-age delivery and grocery supply stores. They acted responsibly when they ne-gotiated for and started putting money away in their pensions, taking wage re-ductions to guarantee that their family had a future. I also want to point out that when I asked how many of the pensioners who come to my meetings served their country by putting on a uniform to stand up, usually it is about a third to a half of the room. So let’s not forget that these are veterans who returned home. They started working in their communities. They took off that uni-form and continued to build our com-munities, and now they are struggling to understand how a government and how a society could be leaving them in this level of uncertainty regarding their economic future. I want to tell a couple stories of some of the people that I have met. I want you to know that on Saturday, I had a meeting with over 140 workers in Fargo. They came from all over, and their stories were heartbreaking. They couldn’t understand, if they did every-thing right, how in the United States of America they would have their fi-nancial viability at risk. I had one man stand up who was 80 years old who told me that he went back to work when he knew there was going to be a problem, and he worked in the oil fields. He said: I am worn out; there is nothing more I can do. I want to talk about Donna Matson and her husband Mike, who worked as a UPS driver for 30 years in Fargo, a job that had an impact on his time with his family and his health. In 2013 he was diagnosed with a progressive supranuclear palsy, a degenerative dis-ease that requires regular and expen-sive speech, physical, and occupational therapies. That pension he put money into was supposed to be there to sup-port his family after Mike’s decades of labor. Now, when he needs it most and when his wife Donna needs it most, that pension could be ripped away. Tina Kramer, from Mandan, was a member of the Teamsters, working as a secretary for the local union for 25 years, through which she earned a pen-sion. Her husband was a member of the Steelworkers and worked for Bobcat for about 30 years as a forklift driver, and he earned a pension. Several years ago, both of them retired. Soon after, Tina’s husband suddenly passed away. Tina lost her husband’s pension and now relies solely on her pension. Tina has just a little bit of savings, and she has already had to dip into that each month to pay her bills for groceries and property taxes. Should the Central States Fund go bankrupt, it is only going to get worse. Mark Rothschiller, from Bismarck, gave up a lot to work many long hours as a UPS driver for 27 years. When we say ‘‘gave up a lot,’’ he gave up going to his kids’ plays and sports games be-cause he often worked late. Because of the intensive labor of his work, he has had five back surgeries and another ro-tator cuff surgery, which forced him to retire early. If Congress doesn’t act to fix the Central States Pension Fund, he doesn’t know if he will be able to pay his healthcare bills. Mark Lundeby, from Grand Forks, never thought he would be in the posi-tion where after 36
1⁄2years of driving a semi, putting in 14-hour days, with ex-tensive stretches away from home, he no longer may have his retirement sav-ings. That is the reality. He followed the rules and paid into his pensions throughout his entire career. He tells me that if we don’t move legislation to protect his pension soon, he will have to sell his house. I invite any of our colleagues in this body to call a meeting of the people who have been affected. I serve on the Select Committee on Pensions. At our first meeting, we had a lot of discus-sion about how difficult solving this problem will be. There was a lot of talk about the math and how we could make the math work and how we could bring this fund back into solvency. I said: That is right. We need to fix the economics of the pension fund, but we cannot ignore our moral imperative. That moral imperative is to do the right thing, to make sure that, as we are standing there, we realize that for very, very many—in fact, for hundreds of thousands of citizens of our State— this is life or death. This is the dif-ference between having dignity in re-tirement and being completely depend-ent on someone else to help them through. This is at a time that they did nothing wrong, other than to plan for a pension that would work for them, other than to bargain for a pension that would work for them. We cannot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.020 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2669 May 15, 2018 
ignore the moral imperative. Yes, we need to fix this, and we need to fix it soon because time is wasting. The longer we wait, the more difficult it is going to be. I invite all of our colleagues who aren’t familiar with this issue to call a meeting or to come to one of our meet-ings and to look these veterans in the face, look these hardworking people in the face, look at the active folks who don’t know if their benefits are already going to be given and available to them, look them in the face and say: It is simply a math problem. Your prob-lem is a math problem. No, their problem is an American problem. It is a congressional problem. It is an administration problem, and it needs to be fixed. We need to make a commitment to making sure that the people who have worked hard all their lives—the people we talk about every day on this floor—are kept whole and moving in securing their pensions. It is an American imperative. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I want to thank my friend and colleague from North Dakota, who works nonstop for the people of her State. We often talk about making sure the things we do in the Senate reward hard work, that they stand up for hard work, that they are focused on making sure there is a fair deal for those, as I mentioned before, who go to work in the dark, who work all day and all evening, and who come home in the dark, and on making sure we keep our word in regard to pensions related to them—to the people who have worked 30, 40 years. My colleague from Michigan, Senator P
ETERS , has always been at the fore-front of making sure we keep our word, that we do what is right, and that we stand up for the working men and women of Michigan and our country. I yield to the Senator from Michigan. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I thank Senator D
ONNELLY for bringing this issue to the floor. I also thank him for his leadership on this issue. He has fought for Indiana families day in and day out on the Senate floor. They are facing a crisis now as the people of Michigan are facing a crisis. As the Senator spoke about a fair deal, I can say, with a great deal of certainty, that the people of Michigan, just like the people of Indiana, believe a deal is a deal. This is a saying we have all heard, but it is also something on which we should all agree throughout the country. The American commitment to hon-oring contracts is part of why our economy is the greatest in the world. Businesses know that if their partners in duly executed deals back out, they have access to the full power of our courts and our legal system to make them whole. This is basic fairness. A deal is a deal. Workers deserve the same fairness. Workers who have band-ed together to negotiate for pensions during their retirements in exchange for lower upfront pay deserve the pen-sions they have earned. Generations of Americans have built their lives around the idea that if you work hard and play by the rules, you will have a fair shot at success. The certainty that hard work will be re-warded empowers Americans to achieve economic security, provide for loved ones, and retire with dignity, but for many Americans who have spent dec-ades working hard, their retirements are now at risk. Tens of thousands of Michiganders will be denied their hard-earned retire-ments if Congress does not act to pro-tect the pension benefits they have earned. More than 400,000 Americans, including over 47,000 in Michigan, will face massive cuts to their pensions if the Central States Pension Fund is al-lowed to fail. Central States is not the only multiemployer pension plan that is on a rapid path to insolvency. As many as 200 financially troubled plans are at risk of being closed while the re-tirements of 1.5 million Americans hang in the balance. When Michiganders contact me about this issue, they are frustrated and angry, but more than anything else, they are afraid. They are afraid they will lose their homes. They are afraid they will be unable to afford the healthcare they need. They are afraid they could, one day, become burdens on their adult children. I appreciate that it is not very easy to share very personal fears, but I would like to share some of the stories I have heard from Michigan retirees and from folks who are hoping to retire soon. Carl from Menominee would have to sell his house and find a new job he and his aching joints would, hopefully, be able to handle at the age of 72, after 30 years of hard physical labor. Jan and his wife Thelma, from Deer-field, would lose the home Jan built over 50 years ago with his own two hands. Although Thelma still works and pays into a pension plan, she will not receive the benefits she has earned over the last decade—ever since the troubled plan froze the funds for active workers. For people like Thelma, the uncertainty of pension cuts is quickly becoming a harsh reality. William from Erie is enduring an 80- percent cut to his pension. He describes it as the worst thing that could have possibly ever happened to him and his wife in their golden years. William is a Navy veteran who drove 120 miles to and from work every day to keep his pension and the promise of a com-fortable retirement. The extreme cuts he is facing have forced him to go back to work. He had to overcome multiple barriers to senior employment in order to land a minimum-wage job. The job pays for basic necessities, like elec-tricity, food, and heat, but he still can-not afford health insurance for his wife, who is still more than a year away from qualifying for Medicare. These Americans made deals with their employers—decades of hard work in exchange for fair earnings and de-cent retirements. A deal is a deal. We have the FDIC to make sure Americans don’t lose their life savings if banks go under. We have federally backed crop insurance to help protect farmers who face unpredictable growing seasons. We even have federally backed mortgage insurance to protect banks if home-owners can’t pay their mortgages. Workers like Carl, Thelma, and Wil-liam are not asking for handouts. They are asking for the pension benefits they earned, that they bargained for, and that they worked their entire lives to secure. A deal is a deal. We must make this right. I urge my colleagues to stand up for American workers and support the Butch Lewis Act. We must address pen-sion insolvency without sacrificing workers’ hard-earned benefits. I thank Senator DONNELLY for bring-ing this issue to the floor. I am with him, and we need to bring our col-leagues with us as well. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Michigan, who has so many teamster members who travel back and forth across our respective borders every day, who ride some of the most difficult and dan-gerous roads in the world, who, on a constant basis, are helping families who may be in trouble on the road, who are helping others whom they see along the way. They are not only profes-sional drivers and other Teamster members; they are people who keep a sharp eye out for others in order to help them if they are in trouble. They keep an eye on every family who is out there on the road and on their fellow drivers. They make America go. So many auto parts from the Sen-ator’s State of Michigan come down to my State of Indiana. So many parts go from my State to his State of Michigan to create jobs, to make America go. We want to tell all of those workers: This is your capital. This is your govern-ment. We are the hired help. We work for you. It is our obligation to fix this because promises were made. President Harry Truman promised our mine workers that their pensions would be protected and that their healthcare would be protected. Those mine workers went down underground and powered our economy and powered our war efforts in World War II, in Korea, in Vietnam. They were there to ensure that when our men and women were overseas, they would have what they needed. Promises were made. It is our obligation to keep them for the Central States Pension Fund and for other pension programs. As I mentioned before, these are the people who go to work in the dark and come home in the dark, who drive our economy and who make our country the envy of the world. They don’t come up with excuses. They make sure all of the other workers in our Nation have all of the goods they need to put cars together, to build planes—to drive our Nation forward, to continue to increase our productivity. That is what these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.021 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2670 May 15, 2018 
men and women have done for 30, 40 years, and they have contributed to their pension plans. All they are asking is for a fair deal. It is our job—it is up to us—to make sure we keep that sa-cred bond, and that is what we will fight to do. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, we are blessed to have with us my friend and colleague from West Virginia, Sen-ator M
ANCHIN . No one fights harder for the working folks than Senator M
ANCHIN . No one fought harder to make sure we were able to protect the healthcare benefits of our retired mine workers. We worked together on that nonstop to make sure that promise was kept, and Senator M
ANCHIN has contin-ued to work nonstop to protect the pensions of these mine workers and of so many others, like of the Central States. Senator M
ANCHIN has been kind enough to join us this afternoon, and we look forward to his remarks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, first of all, to my colleague from Indiana, there is nobody who has been a greater ally or greater friend than Senator D
ONNELLY in some of the fights we have had, basically making sure that there is fairness between business and workers and that workers are treated fairly. We fought for that. Mr. D
ON-
NELLY has fought for miners in Indiana, and he brought me into his State to spend time with them, and I appreciate that very much. We will continue to make sure that we get the job done. This should not be a conversation we are having right now—fighting for min-ers’ pensions. This was all rolled into one bill. The healthcare and pensions were all done at one time. We had a pay-for. We had it worked out. We thought we had an agreement, and it was bipartisan. It came out of the Sen-ate Finance Committee in a bipartisan way. I thank Senator H
ATCH for taking an interest in leading that. We will have to go back and fix this now. We have half of the job done and half more to do. Two weeks ago marked the 1-year an-niversary of having a permanent fix for the miners’ healthcare, preventing 22,600 coal miners, just in my State alone, from losing their healthcare. Now the Joint Select Committee on the Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans, of which I am very proud to be a member, is determined to find a per-manent solution for the miners’ pen-sions. Over 70 years ago, President Harry Truman recognized the importance of the coal that our miners produced for this country, and he promised that the Government would guarantee that our great coal miners would have those benefits in return for their service. Let me tell you that up until that point in time, my grandparents, on both sides of my family, were coal miners. They both then started little grocery stores. Up until that time, there were no guar-antees or benefits. When they said you owed your soul to the company store, that was literally and figuratively cor-rect. My grandfather lived up until 1927. He worked and loaded coal since he was 9 years old and never got a paycheck. He got scrip. At the end of the pay pe-riod, he always owed more than they paid him. So they were fighting for this for many years. It was Harry Truman who finally realized what the coal in-dustry and coal mining had done for America. There has not been a group of people who have ever given more in blood, sweat, and tears in hard labor. I tell people that they mined the coal that made the steel that built the guns and ships that defended our country and helped to build the Industrial Rev-olution and really helped to lift the middle class to what it is and what it has been. It was over 70 years ago that Presi-dent Truman recognized that impor-tance, and he made sure that would not go unnoticed. He passed a bill with John L. Lewis and, at that time, Sen-ator Krug. He passed a piece of legisla-tion. This was not from taxpayers’ money. They basically said that from every ton of coal mined from this day forward by the Mine Workers of Amer-ica, a percentage of the price of that commodity, of that coal, would go to-ward their benefits so they would have something. Let me tell you exactly what we have gotten today. The average miner’s pen-sion is $595. We are not talking about thousands of dollars. Most of this goes to widows whose husbands have passed away. Without this, they don’t have a lifeline. In 2022 it goes away. The agreement was a sacred promise between workers and the country, and it captured the best of America and who we are. But the multiemployer pension sys-tem in the United States is in crisis. As many as 114 multiemployer pension plans, including the United Mine Work-ers of America 1974 Pension Plan, are expected to become insolvent. The miners’ pension fund is up first. We are the first ones on the block. This crit-ical plan, which covers 87,000 retired miners—27,000 in my State alone—and 20,000 fully vested current workers is projected to be totally insolvent by 2022 or sooner. If Congress allows these pension funds to go under, the results will be devastating for retirees and for current employees and the commu-nities these companies and bene-ficiaries are members of, including those in West Virginia. These financial losses will be felt throughout the com-munities UMWA retirees live in and spend money in. We must work together to prevent this catastrophe and shore up miners’ pension plans—pensions they have earned and paid into. Let me state how most of them be-came insolvent. It didn’t happen until the 1980s, as far as the bankruptcy laws in America. Bankruptcy laws in our great country put the financial institu-tion before the human being who worked for the benefits they earned and paid for. There has to be a correc-tion. There has to be some right done there because these miners and work-ers all over this country basically leave that money in and pay for their bene-fits, and, at the end of their work life, it is gone because of some conglom-erate or some type of corporate take-over or through a bankruptcy. This can’t be tolerated any longer. We could not have passed a perma-nent fix for miners’ healthcare without the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and President Trump. I have spoken to President Trump about this, and he is all for it. He is trying to help the miners. He knows what they have done for the country, and I appreciate his speaking up for coal miners and hard-working people across the country. We have no better advocates for se-curing a healthcare fix than the retired miners themselves. They come up here day by day, putting a real face to the families and the challenges they have. They have done this for years. For years they have walked the halls of Congress. They met with all of the Members and their staffs. They worked the phones and wrote letters urging us to keep the promise that was made to them. I stand by them, leading the fight to make sure retired coal miners’ pensions will not be taken away too. We are not going to let this happen. I have talked with thousands of West Virginians who will be devastated if they lost their pensions. We received letters from miners and their families about the fear and anxiety that comes with not knowing whether they will be able to pay the mortgage or put food on the table. If my good friend the Senator from Indiana will indulge me a little longer, I want to read about Ricky, from Hew-ett, WV. He is worried that if his pen-sion is taken away or reduced, he will not be able to support his family. He said: 
As a retired coal miner my family and I rely greatly on these very modest benefits. Losing or even having my pension reduced would cause great hardship on my family. A coal miner’s pension is not very much to start with. I am not asking for a handout— only what I earned through years of hard work. 
Benny, from Oceana, WV, would have to choose between buying food and pay-ing utility bills. He said: 
I only draw a small pension of $215.96 each month, but if I lose that I will have to decide between food or utility bills. I am an older disabled coal miner with a small social secu-rity check. The loss of my pension check would be devastating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.025 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2671 May 15, 2018 
Judy, from Sharples, is worried that if she lost her late husband’s pension, she and her grandson wouldn’t be able to make it. These are basically people who have become second parents be-cause the parents have become dys-functional. She wrote: 
I’m not a rich person, but if I lose my late husband’s pension I will lose everything I have. My husband worked 30 plus years at the mines with the promise that we would be taken care of. Yes, I get Social Security but that won’t cover my regular bills by itself, not to mention home and car insurance plus taxes. . . . 
After securing healthcare benefits for retired miners, we proved that Con-gress can work together and put par-tisan politics aside. This was truly done in a bipartisan way. It is a philos-ophy that I followed throughout my life in public service and in the West Virginia State Legislature, as the Gov-ernor of the great State of West Vir-ginia, and now as a U.S. Senator rep-resenting the great State of West Vir-ginia. The coal miners are among the hard-est working people in America, and they spent their lives empowering the Nation and keeping it the strongest in the world. I will leave you with this. When peo-ple ask: Where are you from? Let me tell you where I am from. I am from a little State that has the most patriotic people in the Nation. They have fought in every war and conflict and shed more blood and lost more lives for the cause of freedom than most any State. They have done the heavy lifting, min-ing the coal, making steel, and build-ing the guns and ships that defend us every day. The Good Lord has been so kind to us. He gave us a great venue, my State of West Virginia. We hope you come, and when you do, we hope you stay. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, we are so fortunate to have such a fighter for the people of West Virginia in Sen-ator M
ANCHIN . We are grateful for his hard work. We have another amazing fighter for the people of the State of Minnesota, Senator K
LOBUCHAR . Senator K LO-
BUCHAR has fought nonstop on this issue as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, thanks to my friends from West Vir-ginia and Indiana. I thank Mr. D
ON-
NELLY for his leadership and bringing us together today. Minnesota, like Indiana, has so many people who are in the Central States Pension Fund. Like Senator D
ONNELLY , I believe that promises made should be promises kept. Over 10 million Ameri-cans participate in a multiemployer pension plan and rely on those benefits for a safe and secure retirement. The Central States Pension Fund was established in 1955 to help truckers save for retirement. As Senator DON-
NELLY knows, coming from Indiana—a State where there are a lot of truck-ers—there are a lot of truckers still in this pension plan. Today the Central States Pension Fund includes workers from the carhaul, tankhaul, pipeline, warehouse, construction, clerical, food processing, dairy, and trucking indus-tries. I have heard from people all over my State. Fred, from Hibbing, worked 33 years as a bread man and serves as a caregiver for his wife who has serious back problems and was recently diag-nosed with leukemia. Daniel from St. Michael worked over 41 years as a mechanic. If he were to face a reduction in his pension, he would likely be forced to sell the house he has lived in since 1973. Sue, from Elk River, wrote about her husband Jim, who retired in 1998 and passed away in 2013. Jim left Sue a spousal benefit pension that was sup-posed to take care of her for the rest of her life. Sue writes that Jim’s passing was ‘‘devastating enough on its own,’’ but now she fears being forced into the labor market as a woman in her seven-ties, just to make ends meet. These are just a few of the examples. Unless Congress acts, hundreds of thou-sands of participants in the Central States Pension Fund face the real pos-sibility that their hard-earned pensions could be reduced. Many of these are from the Midwest. That is why it is called the Central States Pension Fund. We need to find a workable solution for underfunded multiemployer pension plans. I know Senator B
ROWN is leading a group that is working on that—the joint committee working together—to find a solution they can present to the American people. We all know that delay only makes the solution more costly. The time is here. It has arrived. We can’t put it off any more. We must move forward now to get this done. I thank Senator D
ON-
NELLY for his leadership. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Min-nesota. She has been a nonstop advo-cate for folks across her State and across the country. Another nonstop advocate has been my friend and col-league from Pennsylvania, Senator C
ASEY , who works tirelessly not only on behalf of the Keystone State but on behalf of working families all across America. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I rise, first of all, to thank Sen-ator D
ONNELLY for his leadership and my colleagues. I am speaking today on behalf of hundreds of thousands of people in Pennsylvania who currently rely or will rely upon a pension. The multiem-ployer pension program protects about 10 million workers and retirees in about 1,400 pension plans across the country. In Pennsylvania, that number is 230 multiemployer pension plans, with a total of about 910,000 bene-ficiaries. Without action, the full pen-sions of over 33,000 Pennsylvanians are at risk, as is the solvency of the Pen-sion Benefit Guaranty Corporation. In 2017 the Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration paid $462 million to Penn-sylvanians whose pension plans had failed. That is about $5,800 on average. Democrats in the Senate have been fighting to preserve these earned bene-fits for our retirees for years, including our Nation’s coal miners. The fight for our coal miners we have just half-won. We were successful in making sure that their promised healthcare benefits are there for them, but we still have work to do with regard to pensions. It is inexcusable that Americans who have earned these benefits have to worry, as some do, and they have been worrying for many years. We know what the tax bill did, among many things, for very wealthy interests. The tax bill that got rammed through the Senate in December of last year gave $13 billion in tax windfalls to our Nation’s six largest banks. That is $13 billion for 1 year—this year alone— and they are all unpaid for. So the debt goes up. Six big banks get $13 billion, and yet this body, the Senate, can’t de-liver on the promise of pensions to hundreds of thousands across the coun-try. Let me give you three quick exam-ples in the limited time we have. Debbie, from Western Pennsylvania, wrote about the miners pension act. She said in part, talking about her family: ‘‘We depend on my dad’s pen-sion to survive on the limited income.’’ So said Debbie from Western Pennsyl-vania. Dennis, also from Southwestern Pennsylvania, drove a truck for 25 years of his life, ‘‘working long hours away from my family,’’ he said, ‘‘to provide a good living.’’ He said: ‘‘I . . . would appreciate it if you could do whatever you can to preserve that pen-sion for my wife and for me.’’ Stuart from Northeastern Pennsyl-vania—the corner of the State I live in—is a bakery and confectionary union pensioner. He said: Please help save our BCTGM pension fund. I paid into that pension system for 26 years and depend on it greatly. I work three jobs and my wife works two jobs. We have put one child thru college and one just entered. 
None of these families should have to worry about these earned benefits— this measure of retirement security, so we have a long way to go. But I am grateful that we are willing to work to-gether on both sides of the aisle, and I am especially grateful that Democrats have been united in finally keeping that promise to those who have earned these benefits, those who have earned these pensions. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.026 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2672 May 15, 2018 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues from Pennsylvania and Minnesota, who are still in the Chamber with us right now. Their focus has always been on hon-oring hard work, on making sure that we keep our word to the truckdriver who has paid in every day, who is riding down the Pennsylvania Turn-pike or the Schuylkill Expressway or heading up I–35 in Minnesota and that we keep the promise that was made to them after 30, 35 years of hard work, of driving, of trying to keep people safe, of making a difference, of delivering the food people have to eat, the parts people have to put together at work to make sure our country can continue to move forward. Those are the folks we are talking about. If either of my colleagues would like to say anything else in regard to the amazing, hard work of the miners in Pennsylvania or the teamsters in Min-nesota—those are the folks, the Cen-tral States Pension Fund and so many other pension funds, as well, that we fight for every single day to try to get this done because, as the Senator from Pennsylvania said, this is a job that is half done right now. We were able to make sure we protected the healthcare benefits that were promised. There was a miner and his wife with whom I spent time in Oakland City, IN, down in Gibson County where we have so many coal mines. When I saw him, he said: This is one of the greatest days for me when we were able to keep healthcare benefits. He said: ‘‘It’s not for me. It’s because my wife, who is ill’’—and they are both in their eighties—‘‘can now get her medicine again next week.’’ That is what his concern was. It wasn’t about himself. It was about his wife and mak-ing sure, with the pain she was strug-gling with and the healthcare problems that she had, that he was able to make sure she would be OK. That is our job; it is to back up the word that was given to him because he spent his life working nonstop to keep our country moving forward, and all he asked in return is that we keep our word. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the fu-ture for American workers is looking bright. A combination of tax reform, which we passed in December, plus other economy-boosting measures, such as lifting burdensome regulations, is starting to produce the kind of econ-omy we need to give Americans access to a future of security and prosperity. Our goal with tax reform was pretty simple: Make life better for American workers. That involved a couple of things. For starters, it involved put-ting more money in Americans’ pock-ets right away by cutting their taxes, and that is what we did. We cut tax rates across the board, nearly doubled the standard deduction, and doubled the child tax credit. Americans are al-ready seeing this relief in their pay-checks, but we knew that tax cuts, as helpful as they are, weren’t enough. We needed to make sure that Ameri-cans had access to good jobs, good wages, and good opportunities—the kinds of jobs and opportunities that would set them up for security and prosperity for the long term. Since jobs and opportunities are created by busi-nesses, that meant reforming our Tax Code to improve the playing field for businesses so they could improve the playing field for their workers, and that is what we did. I am pleased to re-port that it is already working. Less than 5 months into the new tax law, business after business has an-nounced good news for workers—pay increases, bonuses, better benefits, like increased retirement benefits, like new and better education benefits, and en-hanced parental leave benefits. So far we have more than 530 examples of businesses making things better for their workers and customers, from giant corporations like Apple to small businesses like the Don Ramon res-taurant in West Palm Beach, FL. Economic indicators are looking good. Last month, the unemployment rate hit its lowest level since 2000. That is right; the last time unemployment was this low, the iPod hadn’t even been introduced yet. Economic growth is on a solid track. The economy’s growth rate in the first quarter of 2018 was nearly double what it was during the same period last year. Small businesses are thriving. The president of the National Federation of Independent Business reports: Small and independent business owners are notably confident about the economy. They are reporting that sales are strong, profits are good, and employee compensation is in-creasing. And many are setting into motion plans to expand. 
That, again, is from the president of the National Federation of Independent Business. That is borne out by NFIB’s recent survey data, which shows the net percentage of businesses raising worker compensation over the last 3 months has increased to 33 percent— the highest level since 2000. That is good news for American workers. Americans had a tough time during the last administration. Our economy stagnated, and American families struggled. But our economy—and our country—are coming back, and they are coming back stronger than ever. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and other policies we have passed are creating an economy that will allow families to ac-cess the jobs, the wages, and the oppor-tunities they need for security today and for prosperity tomorrow. The fu-ture is indeed looking brighter. NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. President, I also want to take a moment to discuss the partisan net neutrality resolution that we will be taking up this week. There is support among Senators of both parties for passing net neutrality legislation, and Democrats know that. But instead of moving forward with bipartisan discus-sions on a net neutrality bill, certain Democrats decided they wanted to play politics. So instead of bipartisan legis-lation this week, we are taking up a partisan resolution that will do noth-ing to provide a permanent solution on the issue of net neutrality. For most of its existence, the inter-net thrived under a light regulatory touch from Washington, DC. Wash-ington avoided weighing down the internet with burdensome regulations, and the internet flourished as a result, becoming a vehicle for an endless stream of innovation and economic growth. During the Obama administration, Democrats became convinced that we needed to heavily increase the Federal Government’s role, so the Obama FCC reclassified the internet under a regu-latory regime that was developed more than 80 years ago to govern monopoly telephone services. That decision posed a number of problems for the future of the internet. For starters, heavy-handed government regulations tend to stifle the kinds of growth and innova-tion that have always flourished around the internet. There was also serious reason to be concerned that this new regulatory re-gime would discourage companies from investing in upgrades to their networks and infrastructure to expand access to broadband. That is a big concern for my State of South Dakota, where too many individuals still lack reliable internet access. In fact, the FCC has since found that the decision to regu-late the internet under the 1934—that is right, 1934—telephone regulatory re-gime has slowed investment, which has restricted the improvement of internet services for rural Americans like those I represent in South Dakota. In response to these problems, the FCC recently decided to restore the light-touch regulatory regime that the internet had thrived under and which had been in place for two decades prior to 2015 under administrations from both political parties. That, in turn, created the opportunity for us to adopt net neutrality legislation to perma-nently address concerns about block-ing, throttling, and paid prioritization—and to deal with these concerns under a regulatory regime suitable for the 21st century internet. So that is why the FCC went back to the light-touch regulatory regime, rather than the heavyhanded 1934 law that would treat the internet like a Ma Bell-type public utility. Instead of taking this opportunity to work with Republicans to develop bi-partisan legislation, Democrats have decided to play politics. The internet, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.028 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2673 May 15, 2018 
like any industry, needs stability to grow and thrive. Internet innovators need to know what the rules of the game are now, and they need to know what the rules of the game are going to be in the future. We can’t have a situa-tion where internet regulations vary from administration to administration or, worse yet, from year to year. Imag-ine a basketball game where the rules changed every quarter or after every timeout. Well, it is pretty safe to say that players would quickly get fed up and start quitting the game, and that is exactly what will happen if we don’t have stable rules for the internet. Too many Americans are not going to be interested in taking risks or in-vesting in innovation if they can’t pre-dict what the rules will look like a year down the road. So internet regula-tion is a serious issue that will affect our Nation for decades to come. This is too important of an issue for partisan-ship. Yet here we are with just more political theater with a partisan reso-lution that everybody acknowledges isn’t going anywhere. So, in the wake of the FCC’s deci-sion—which gives Congress the perfect opportunity to step in to provide clear guidance and clear rules of the road for the future regarding how the internet is going to be regulated—we have Democrats in the Senate who are in the midst of a political stunt, instead of sitting down and having a serious conversation about net neutrality leg-islation. It is time to put together a bipar-tisan bill and establish long-term sta-bility on internet regulation so the internet can continue to grow and thrive long into the future and not be subject to the whims of one adminis-tration or the next administration and rules and regulations that are going to go back and forth with the winds of whatever political party is in the White House or, worse yet, end up spending all the time in court and spending millions of dollars on litiga-tion that could be spent investing in infrastructure that could deliver better services to people all across this coun-try, including those in rural areas like South Dakota. 
NOMINATION OF GINA HASPEL  
Mr. President, we have been getting some great judicial nominees in the Senate, including several this week. I am also looking forward to con-firming another important nomination in the near future, and that is Gina Haspel’s nomination to be the Director of the CIA. Acting Director Haspel is one of the most qualified candidates for the CIA we have ever had. She spent 33 years in the Agency. She served overseas and here at home during the Cold War and Global War on Terrorism. She served in the trenches, and she has held impor-tant leadership positions in the Agen-cy. She has won several awards for her work, including the Intelligence Medal of Merit, the George H.W. Bush Award, and the Donovan Award. Her nomination has been endorsed by six former CIA Directors, including Leon Panetta and John Brennan, who served as CIA Directors under Presi-dent Obama. Our Nation and our world are facing a range of conventional and unconven-tional threats from the possibility of a nuclear-armed Iran to an increasingly aggressive Russia and China, to the ever-present threat of terrorism. We need a leader like Gina Haspel at the head of the CIA—someone who knows intelligence inside and out and who can provide the President with the infor-mation he needs to make decisions af-fecting our Nation’s security. I look forward to confirming Ms. Haspel as CIA Director in the very near future. I hope my colleagues in the Senate, on both sides of the aisle, will join in that endeavor and make sure this important position, at this critical time in our Nation’s history, is filled with a very qualified nominee—the right person to serve as the head of that Agency. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. CHINA  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I want to begin by reading an excerpt of an arti-cle that ran on October 8, 2012. It was in the New York Times. The article opened with the following quote: 
A House committee issued a blistering bi-partisan report on Monday that accused two of China’s largest telecommunications com-panies of being arms of the government that had stolen intellectual property from Amer-ican companies and could potentially spy on Americans. The House Intelligence Com-mittee said that after a yearlong investiga-tion it had come to the conclusion that Chi-nese businesses, Huawei Technologies and ZTE Inc., were a national threat because of their attempts to extract sensitive informa-tion from American companies and because of their loyalties to the Chinese government. 
The story continued by saying: 
Allowing the Chinese companies to do busi-ness in the United States . . . would give the Chinese government the ability to easily intercept communications and could allow it to start online attacks on critical infrastruc-ture, like dams and power grids. 
This was from a bipartisan report in the year 2012, in the month of October, by the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Intelligence. Since then, over and over again, we have heard the intelligence community in this coun-try clearly define this threat. In vir-tually every one of the open hearings that we had on the Intelligence Com-mittee, I or one of my colleagues have had an opportunity to ask every mem-ber of the intelligence community—Di-rector of National Intelligence, Direc-tor of the CIA, Director of the FBI, the Director of Counterintelligence, Mr. Evanina, or the nominee before us today—and every time one of us would ask: Would you use a ZTE phone? We are still waiting for one of them to say yes. Every single one of them said no, which is why I was pleased a couple of weeks ago when the Commerce Depart-ment brought sanctions against ZTE. It was not a Congressional issue. Al-though it could be, it wasn’t. It was be-cause, on top of the spying and every-thing else, ZTE had helped Iran and North Korea evade international sanc-tions. So the penalty was, American companies could no longer sell compo-nent pieces to ZTE, which has led them to being on the brink of being out of business. No one should feel sorry for ZTE. This is a company heavily subsidized by the Chinese Government that pro-tects them at home, protects them in China, subsidizes them in China but ex-ports them abroad with the hopes that they can help them steal secrets, mon-itor, and be an arm and tool of intel-ligence for them. No one should feel sorry for them. So I was surprised to see, a couple days ago—as the President tweeted and then there have been articles about how perhaps maybe these sanctions might be going away in exchange for a deal on agriculture. I want to tell you, if that is what happens, the President has gotten terrible advice, and it would be a terrible thing for him to do. I think it would be deeply problematic for the national security of the United States and ultimately for his hopes of rebalancing America’s relationship with China, geopolitically, economi-cally, commercially, and certainly on security. The most important thing to under-stand is, China is carrying out a plan. They put it out there. It is not a con-spiracy. It is there for the world to see: Made in China 2025. Made in China 2025 is a plan to dominate the 10 most im-portant technologies of the 21st cen-tury. You may ask: Why is that a big deal? Countries would want to do that. They have every right to aspire to that, and I agree. If they want to domi-nate these 10 fields, they have every right to invest in research and innova-tion. They have every right to do all of that. The problem is, that is not how they intend to dominate these fields. The way they intend to dominate the 10 top technologies of the 21st century is to steal the intellectual property, basi-cally the protected, secret ideas our companies are innovating, that Amer-ican researchers are innovating—to steal that and use it for themselves. Furthermore, they insist that all of their companies be allowed to sell whatever they want to the United States without any restriction. On the other hand, our companies are re-stricted—some prohibited—from sell-ing to China’s 1.2 billion, 1.3 billion- person market, soon to be the largest economy in the world. So, in essence, they intend to domi-nate these 10 fields by cheating their way into a position of dominance, and that alone is not just an economic issue. This is a national security issue. If you dominate the field of artificial intelligence, if you dominate the field of telecommunications, if you domi-nate the field of aerospace technology, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.029 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2674 May 15, 2018 
you will dominate the field of national defense and national security, and you will pose a threat to other countries that do not. We are giving it to them. We are lit-erally allowing them to steal it from us, and they play our system against us. American companies go to China to do business, and here is what they tell them: You can only do business here if you partner up with a Chinese com-pany. You have to give them all the se-crets to how you do business. By the way, time and again, as soon as the Chinese company can do what the American company can do, the Amer-ican company gets kicked out. Sud-denly, you have a competitor all over the world that you helped build by giv-ing it to them for free. Sadly, a lot of American companies play the game because all they care about is being able to sell to China in the short term and have profits, with-out any thought about the long term or national security of the United States. I imagine many of these are the same voices that are trekking down to the White House to tell the President to do this deal on ZTE. The ZTE thing is not just a commercial and trade issue—al-though it is and it could be. It is much more than just that. It needs to be taken with the seriousness it deserves. It is not just about telecommuni-cations. If you have a ZTE phone—and they are widespread in the United States. These things are hitting up against our towers. They will not just use that to pull American phone companies out of business; they can use that to spy on American companies to steal the intel-lectual property of the United States. It is exactly what they have done. It is what the report said they do: spying on Americans and stealing intellectual property from American companies. This trade dispute with China is about a lot more than trade. It is about geo-political balance. It is about fairness. This is our last chance to get it right. It is almost too late. I am telling you, if we get this wrong—if we back down, when historians write about this period of time in our history, they are going to say the Americans literally gave it over to the Chinese; allowed them to steal from them because they were more interested in short-term gain and were willing to turn over the future. We will live in a world where China dominates many of the top fields, in-cluding many that are critical to our national security and the defense of our interests and of our Nation. I would argue to you that ZTE should not be allowed to sell anything in the United States. I would argue to you that if a technology company from an-other country is being used by that country not just to spy on government secrets but to steal the intellectual property of our businesses, they should be out of business in the United States. Some people would say: Well, China is very powerful. They are going to come back and use other means to punish us for this. Let me tell you something. We have extraordinary leverage over their technology industry. For example, one of the things ZTE can do is they can buy from a company named Tsinghua Unigroup, which is a government- owned company. They can buy compo-nents from them, but then we can cut them off as well. In fact, every major telecom in China—Huawei, BBK, Yiomi, Lenovo—every single one of these depends on component parts from the United States. Ultimately, what I would hope to ar-rive at is a balanced trade situation, a balanced commercial arrangement, and a balanced geopolitical situation be-tween the United States and China, but right now it is way out of balance, and when you allow imbalances to exist and persist in international relations, it leads to conflict. It leads to wars. It leads to showdowns. That is what im-balances lead to. An imbalance leads to the country that becomes dominant to try to take advantage of the countries that are not, unless you agree to sur-render to them. This issue of China and ZTE is a ter-rible mistake. If the President cuts a deal with ZTE that says: Pay a couple of hundred million dollars in fines and you are back in business in exchange— and they violated the law. This is a law enforcement function on top of every-thing else. These sanctions against them are punishment for evading and breaking sanctions. If you basically wave that off in exchange for a deal on agriculture—these farmers didn’t do anything wrong. These farmers are not being punished for evading sanctions. They are victims of retribution. We have other angles. In fact, what we should be saying is: If you don’t lift the tariff on our farmers, we will do the same thing we did to ZTE, to Huawei, BBK, Yiomi, Lenovo or any other company. That is what we should be saying, instead of being tricked into this apparent deal that someone is cooking up over there and giving the President terrible advice—which, by the way, I know that is not where his instincts are, but someone is getting to him. I don’t know if it is from Treasury or where it is, but someone is basically telling him now is the time to cut a deal. It is the wrong time to cut a deal. This would be a terrible deal. Let me close by telling you this. This is not just about technology. If you don’t believe that China uses its lever-age, the leverage of economics, to reach into your life here in America— people will ask: What does that have to do with me? What does it have to do with us? Yes, it is a bad thing. We are worried about China in the long term. What does that have to do with me here at home? China has no problem using its long arm and its economic leverage to inter-fere in the lives of Americans. I will tell you how. About 2 weeks ago, two American airlines, United and American Airlines, got a letter in the mail from the Chi-nese Government telling them: We no-tice that your website says ‘‘Taiwan.’’ It doesn’t say ‘‘Taiwan-China.’’ Unless you change your website, we are going to punish you. We may even take away your routes. They haven’t made a decision yet. We have reached out to both companies. Let me clue everyone in right now. If they are anything like the other Amer-ican companies that have been threat-ened, they are going to cave. They are going to cave, especially United, which has all of these routes over there. This is an American company, headquartered in the United States, that is going to have to change their website because China has threatened them. If you think that is not bad, I will tell you something crazy. Yesterday, the Gap clothing store came out with a T-shirt. It had a map of China, but it didn’t have Taiwan on the T-shirt. China threatened them. Within hours, the Gap put out a tweet: We are so sorry. We apologize. We didn’t mean to offend you. We respect your sov-ereignty. This is over a T-shirt, for God’s sake. This is the leverage they have. Do you know there are Hollywood movies that are written in a way to avoid certain topics because, other-wise, they will not be allowed to play the movie in China? Do you know there are actors—such as Richard Gere—who are not allowed to be in certain movies or who can’t get a Hollywood block-buster movie because they can’t dis-tribute it in China? They will not let them. They can’t have Richard Gere in movies in China because he is pro- Tibet. This is crazy stuff. Here is perhaps the most egregious one. Marriott, a great American com-pany, a hotel—everybody has stayed at one. Marriott had an employee, a guy who lives in America; he is not even an executive—just a good guy, a hard- working guy. He accidentally went on-line and accidentally—it wasn’t even on purpose—liked a tweet about Tibet, and China went crazy. They threatened Marriott. Marriott didn’t just apolo-gize; they fired him. This is an Amer-ican. He didn’t live in China. He lives in the United States of America. He lost his job for accidentally liking a tweet that China didn’t like. This happens over and over again, and it isn’t noticed. This is how they use economic leverage. This is how they get Panama to tell Taiwan: We no longer recognize you diplomatically; we now recognize China. This is how they got the Dominican Republic to do the same thing last week or a couple of weeks ago, and they are not going to stop. I hear Paraguay might be next. This has to stop. We don’t want to contain China. We welcome a prosperous China. We want a global partner. Imagine the United States and China working together against nuclear proliferation, against radical terrorism, and against all the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.032 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2675 May 15, 2018 
threats in the world. But this is not leading to a partnership. This is lead-ing to a world in which China domi-nates every key industry, remakes every institution, and America be-comes a junior partner the way Vladi-mir Putin and Russia already are to China, and that we cannot accept. But that is where we are headed because administrations—both Republican and Democrat—have taken this threat too lightly. They thought that when China got rich, they would start playing by the rules. Guess what. They not only have not played by the rules, but they assume all the benefits of the rules and live by none of the responsibilities. This is our last chance. This adminis-tration has been given the historic op-portunity—the last chance—to get the balance of this relationship right. One misstep could blow the whole thing apart and doom generations of Ameri-cans to living in a world—not one with a powerful China, one with a dominant China and a declining America. That may sound like hyperbole, but if they win this battle on ZTE, the world will notice, and the message it will send is that when push comes to shove, this administration is no dif-ferent from the others. When they come under pressure, you can get to the right people with the right friends in corporate America, and they will back down. Once that happens, every country in the world will govern them-selves accordingly. They will not join us in confronting China’s aggression and China’s unfairness because in the back of their minds, they will be say-ing to themselves: When push comes to shove, America is going to back down the way they did for ZTE. The issue itself is problematic. We can’t be selling phones in America that they use to spy on us in our companies. But on a broader scale, it sends a mes-sage that demoralizes this effort and I think has dramatic consequences. I encourage the President to think very seriously and very carefully. He is in a very strong position right now. I urge him to think very carefully about the next step and to listen to the peo-ple in his administration who are talk-ing to him about the ZTE issue for what it is—a national security threat much bigger than just one company in the telecom industry. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
NATIONAL DRUG COURT MONTH  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise today to highlight some of the great successes of our drug courts around the Nation. May is National Drug Court Month, and I have come to the floor today to highlight the work of these innovative courts—I think that is an understatement—which play a unique role in our justice system. Participants in the drug court sys-tem receive treatment and support services to help these individuals re-cover, and the individuals are held ac-countable through regular drug testing and judicial supervision. These courts are uniquely equipped for nonviolent substance abuse offend-ers, and they provide eligible individ-uals with intensive treatment, individ-ualized consequences, and other med-ical services in order to help them overcome their substance use dis-order—something we have heard a lot about in every State. Participants are randomly tested for drug use and mandated to appear fre-quently in court so that the drug court judge can review their progress. The judge also holds drug court partici-pants accountable for their obligations to the court and, of course, to society at large. All of these features make drug courts particularly important as we deal with the opioid crisis that has affected so many individuals, families, and communities in Pennsylvania and across the country. No neighborhood— no region of the State—is safe in this horror that we have been living through now for several years. Given the scope and severity of the opioid epidemic, we need to invest in effective solutions. I use that word pur-posefully—‘‘invest.’’ With their proven track record of success, drug courts should be a keystone of our efforts to deal with the opioid crisis. Drug court systems not only save money, but they also reduce both drug use and crime itself. Recidivism rates among drug court participants are sig-nificantly lower than for those defend-ants undergoing traditional sentencing procedures. Around 50 to 70 percent of drug court participants complete at least a year of treatment, and 75 per-cent of graduates remain arrest-free for the next 2 years. Let me say that again: 75 percent of drug court grad-uates remain arrest-free for the next 2 years. Additionally, studies have found that the use of drug courts save taxpayer money by lowering overall criminal justice costs. There are a lot of success stories from drug court graduates, and I want to highlight one today from Schuylkill County, PA, the Schuylkill County Drug Treatment Court. This constituent of mine struggled with opioid and alcohol use disorder and spent time in prison before going through the drug court system. Ac-cording to the probation officer, this Pennsylvanian is now ‘‘gainfully em-ployed, has regained a positive rela-tionship with family, is working to-wards maintaining sobriety and is now working towards the long-term goal of buying a home.’’ That is just one story about one indi-vidual, who said: 
I used to think about how much I wanted to use and what I wanted to use. Now I think about going to work and coming home to my fiancee and children. 
That is one success story but a very powerful story. As the probation officer said, that is just one of many ‘‘incredible stories of progress and redemption found in drug courts.’’ As we observe National Drug Court Month, I encourage my colleagues to continue supporting the innovative and effective work of these drug court pro-grams. I want to thank the judges, offi-cers, and other professionals who help make these success stories a reality every week. NATIONAL POLICE WEEK  
Mr. President, I also rise to talk about one other issue. It is an issue that we are hearing about today be-cause of the ceremony at the Capitol. In addition to this being National Drug Court Month, it is also National Police Week, which we have observed as a na-tion since 1962. National Police Week is an oppor-tunity to pay respect to the men and women who have lost their lives in the line of duty, as well as their families. It is also an opportunity to express gratitude and appreciation for the work that police officers do to keep our communities safe every day. We owe a great debt of gratitude to those who have served and the families who have sacrificed alongside them. Today I want to recognize those who have lost their lives in the line of duty in my home State of Pennsylvania, two officers who were killed in 2017. First is Brian David Shaw of the New Ken-sington Police Department. That is in Westmoreland County in the south-western corner of our State. Second is Michael Paul Stewart III of the Penn-sylvania State Police. These fallen he-roes gave what President Lincoln once called ‘‘the last full measure of devo-tion’’ to their country. We have a solemn obligation to pay tribute to these fallen law enforcement officers and to have their families’ backs. Paying tribute is not enough, though. We must honor those in law enforcement and the families of the fallen in word and in deed. One of our top priorities should be fighting for policies and programs that make law enforcement officers safe. That includes working to secure fund-ing for the COPS Hiring Program, Byrne Justice Assistance Grant— known as Byrne JAG—and the Bullet-proof Vest Partnership Program, just to name a few. Some around here want to cut these programs or limit in-creases to their funding. Fortunately, in the latest spending agreement, there were increases for all three. I want to thank colleagues on both sides of the aisle for ensuring that these programs are well funded in the omnibus bill that we passed in March. In addition to fighting for law en-forcement dollars, we also have a basic obligation to ensure that our law en-forcement officers are appropriately compensated and that their families receive the care and financial security they need and deserve—of course, espe-cially for families who have lost a loved one in the line of duty. That is why I am thankful that the omnibus legislation in March included a bill that I worked on with my col-league from Pennsylvania, Senator T
OOMEY —the Children of Fallen Heroes Scholarship Act, which will help chil-dren of fallen law enforcement officers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.033 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2676 May 15, 2018 
and first responders afford college by making them eligible for the maximum Pell grant available, now roughly a lit-tle more than $6,000—almost $6,100. Every day, each of us has a part to play in working to make sure that law enforcement officers are safer and also to play a role in supporting the fami-lies of the fallen. I hope we can recom-mit ourselves to this goal during Police Week as we honor those who have lost their lives in the line of duty, recognize their sacrifices and their families’ sac-rifices, and express our gratitude to the men and women in uniform who keep us safe every day. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, there is no more noble sacrifice than laying down your life in the service of others. Every year, more than a million law enforcement officers work to keep our country safe and to serve the needs of our communities. Our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line as they fight crime, and each year, law enforcement officers die in the line of duty. Many of these deaths occur while these officers are investigating crimes and enforcing our laws. Some are even the result of targeted violence against police officers. Other deaths involve tragic accidents, such as Sheriff’s Dep-uty Julie Bridges and Sergeant Joseph Ossman—two police officers who were killed in a traffic accident while work-ing to help their communities weather the onslaught of Hurricane Irma. On Friday, I spoke at the Iowa Peace Officer Memorial Ceremony in Des Moines, where we honored six law en-forcement officers from Iowa who lost their lives in the line of duty. It was my honor to pay tribute to these brave Iowa heroes, along with their families. Losing members of our law enforce-ment leaves a hole in families and com-munities that no one else can fill, but we can honor them and remember them and work to support the efforts of other law enforcement officers who carry on their mission, officers who, despite the risks and the rigors of their work, work tirelessly to protect and serve their communities. Yesterday, in memory of those who have fallen in the line of duty over the past year, I was proud to submit a reso-lution designating this week ‘‘National Police Week.’’ This resolution is co-sponsored by 76 of my Senate col-leagues. I am also working to clear the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Pro-gram Authorization Act through my Judiciary Committee so that the bill can be sent to the floor for consider-ation of the full Senate. This bill au-thorizes a nationwide partnership be-tween Federal, State, and local law en-forcement and prosecutors dedicated to the reduction of violent crime. This partnership will use evidence-based and data-driven approaches to policing. It emphasizes initiatives designed to build trust and collaboration with com-munity leaders and organizations ad-dressing violent crime. A companion bill is working its way through the House of Representatives, and I look forward to voting to support it. In addition, I have been a long-standing supporter of the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits Program, which pro-vides death and education benefits to survivors of fallen law enforcement of-ficers, firefighters, and other first re-sponders. It also includes disability benefits to officers catastrophically in-jured in the line of duty. I introduced a bill to strengthen the Public Safety Of-ficers’ Benefits Program, and that bill was signed into law last year. We worked hard on oversight efforts of this program to make sure that bene-ficiaries’ claims don’t linger forever but are timely paid. Today, as I stand here on the Senate floor, my thoughts turn to my own home State of Iowa, where on March 1, 2017, Sheriff’s Deputy Mark Burbridge went to work for his employer, Pottawattamie County. He and fellow deputy Pat Morgan were assigned to transport a man to prison who had just been sentenced to 45 years for vol-untary manslaughter. On the way from the court to the prison, the prisoner as-saulted Deputy Burbridge with a home-made knife, grabbed one of the dep-uty’s guns, and shot both deputies. Deputy Morgan was seriously wounded in the attack. Deputy Burbridge was critically injured and died an hour later. The prisoner fled the scene, mak-ing it as far as Nebraska. Other brave law enforcement officials tracked him down and brought him to justice. Deputy Burbridge was a family man who loved to work on cars and motor-cycles. He also loved to fish and tell jokes. He is survived by his wife Jes-sica, daughter Karley, son Kaleb, and stepdaughter Kelsey Brant. We mourn his loss and remember his legacy of sacrifice and service this week. Our law enforcement officers in Iowa deal with many of the same problems facing law enforcement officers throughout the United States. They work every day to stop violent crime, and they are on the frontline of the fight against illegal drugs and the opioid addiction crisis that every State faces. To help law enforcement officers in Iowa and in the rest of the country, we need to optimize our justice system so it puts resources where they are needed most. Law enforcement should target the worst offenders, like violent criminals, major drug traffickers, and criminal masterminds. We should do more to help those who have done their time re-enter society in productive ways so they don’t backslide back into a life of crime. A bill I introduced this Con-gress—the Sentencing Reform and Cor-rections Act—does just that, and I ap-preciate Senator D
URBIN standing with me on its introduction. It is a vastly bipartisan bill that improves fairness in sentencing, while permitting law en-forcement to devote resources to tack-ling their top priorities. It also in-creases incentives for criminals to co-operate with police and to put into place tougher criminal penalties for fentanyl distribution, for crimes of ter-rorism, and for crimes of domestic vio-lence. In addition, the Grassley-Durbin bill provides for recidivism-reduction pro-grams to prepare inmates to leave pris-on and live a productive, law-abiding life. On that point, I give particular credit to Senator CORNYN and Senator W
HITEHOUSE for their work on that part of the bill. Similar sentencing and prison reform initiatives at the State level have closed prisons, reduced crime, and increased public safety. On a final note, I would like to take a moment to thank the Capitol police who serve right here in the Halls of Congress. The President, the Vice President, Cabinet Secretaries, and thousands of visitors from around the country visit the Senate every year. We Senators come and go several times a day with our staff. It is easy to take our feelings of safety and security for granted in this Capitol Complex, but we are able to carry out our duties be-cause of the continued hard work of these Capitol Hill police officers. So thank you to the Capitol police for your dedication and your service. Our law enforcement officers deserve our respect, surely our support, and our ad-miration for putting their lives on the line. We honor all law enforcement offi-cers this week—especially those who died in the line of duty in the past year. We thank their families for their sacrifice, and we will remember the values of public service, of diligence, and the bravery they stood for. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 12 noon tomorrow the Senate resume legisla-tive session and Senator S
CHUMER or his designee be recognized to offer a motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 52; fur-ther, that following disposition of S.J. Res. 52, the Senate resume consider-ation of the Zais nomination; that any remaining time be yielded back and the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid on the table and the President be im-mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.034 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2677 May 15, 2018 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume legislative session for a pe-riod of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the May 14, 2018, vote on Executive Calendar No. 780, confirmation of Michael Scudder, of Il-linois, to be a judge for the Seventh Circuit. I would have voted yea. (At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for vote No. 92 on May 14 on the confirmation of Exec-utive Calendar No. 780, Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, to be United States circuit judge for the Seventh Circuit. On vote No. 92, had I been present, I would have voted yea on confirmation. I was also necessarily absent for vote No. 93 on the confirmation of Executive Calendar No. 781, Amy J. St. Eve, of Il-linois, to be United States circuit judge for the Seventh Circuit. On vote No. 93, had I been present, I would have voted yea on confirmation.∑ (At the request of Mr. D
URBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF MICHAEL SCUDDER ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I supported the nomination of Michael Scudder, of Illinois, to be a United States circuit judge for the Seventh Circuit. Mr. Scudder is a dedicated public servant with a distinguished legal ca-reer. Upon graduating from North-western University Pritzker School of Law, Mr. Scudder served as a clerk for a Supreme Court Justice, clerked on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and worked as an As-sistant U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. Later in his ca-reer, Mr. Scudder served as general counsel to the National Security Coun-cil, counsel to the Deputy Attorney General of the United States, and sen-ior associate counsel to the President. In the private sector, Mr. Scudder managed complex civil litigation and white-collar defense for more than a decade. He also serves as an adjunct professor at his alma mater and a lec-turer at the University of Chicago Law School. Mr. Scudder’s commitment to pro bono work was recognized by the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Mr. Scudder also volunteers for the Federal Defender Program, which provides free legal rep-resentation to individuals accused of Federal crimes. Mr. Scudder’s experience, expertise, and devotion to his community and ac-cess to justice makes him well pre-pared to serve as a United States cir-cuit judge for the Seventh Circuit. ∑ (At the request of Mr. DURBIN , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF AMY ST. EVE ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I supported the nomination of the Hon-orable Amy St. Eve, of Illinois, to be a United States circuit judge for the Sev-enth Circuit. Judge St. Eve hails from Belleville, IL. Since her 2002 confirmation by voice vote in the U.S. Senate, Judge St. Eve has made Illinois proud with her service as a Federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. Judge St. Eve possesses extensive ex-perience in the public and private sec-tors. Her diverse legal career includes serving as senior counsel of Abbott Laboratories in Illinois, working as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the North-ern District of Illinois, and serving as an associate independent counsel for the Office of Independent Counsel con-ducting the Whitewater investigation. In addition to an accomplished pro-fessional career, Judge St. Eve is ac-tive in our community, serving on the board of directors of the Chicago branch of the Federal Bar Association and as a member of the American Bar Association, the Chicago Bar Associa-tion, the Illinois State Bar Associa-tion, and the Women’s Bar Association in Chicago. Judge St. Eve is also an ad-junct professor at Northwestern Law School where she teaches trial advo-cacy. Judge St. Eve has established a rep-utation as being an efficient and fair jurist presiding over high-profile cases and is prepared to be an effective United States circuit judge for the Sev-enth Circuit. 
f 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH BOYLE Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, 75 years ago over Brech, France, an American B–17 bomber was downed by hostile fire. The copilot of that bomber was Second Lieutenant Joseph Boyle, a proud Granite Stater. Lieutenant Boyle was one of four survivors out of a crew of 10, and while two of the crew escaped capture, Lieutenant Boyle and another aviator were captured and in-terned in Stalag Luft III, a notorious prisoner of war camp operated by the German Luftwaffe. For his service dur-ing the Second World War, which in-cluded 16 bombing raids over enemy-oc-cupied territory, Lieutenant Boyle was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and the Purple Heart. After he returned home, Mr. Boyle raised a family, opened a furniture business, and was active in his commu-nity. Mr. Boyle was a lifelong tennis player and golfer and cherished the time he spent with his eight grand-children. Mr. Boyle passed away in 2009, after a life well-lived and full of love. He is missed by his family and all those whose lives he touched in New Hampshire and across the world. In 2001, before his passing, the people and government of France enacted a monument to Mr. Boyle and the other members of his aircrew. Standing out-side the town of Brech, this memorial displays the names of the Americans who were in that downed B–17. As this year marks the 75th anniversary of the day that Mr. Boyle and his crew were shot down, the people of Brech have in-vited Mr. Boyle’s family to join them to remember the events of that day and the sacrifice that many Americans made so that the people of France could once again be free. Ceremonies such as this one are so important, both to honor the service and sacrifice of the Greatest Genera-tion and as a symbol of the enduring relationship between the United States and our oldest ally, France. It is crit-ical that we remember all those who sacrificed in the fight against totali-tarianism and helped keep our nations safe and free. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DR. SUSAN J. HUNTER ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Dr. Susan J. Hunter. Dr. Hunter, who currently serves as the president of the University of Maine, UMaine, at Orono, will retire from that position at the end of June. I want to recognize Dr. Hunter for her many years of work at the university not only as president, but also as a re-searcher, professor, vice chancellor of academic affairs, provost, and more. Dr. Hunter became the university’s 20th president in June of 2014 and was the first woman to lead the institution in its 150-year history. Dr. Hunter has led the university to many achieve-ments, including advances in enroll-ment, fundraising, advocacy, and part-nerships. During her tenure, UMaine has welcomed the largest incoming classes and largest number of out-of- State students in the university’s his-tory. The school has also seen a 22-per-cent increase in private giving to its annual fund. Dr. Hunter also continued the implementation of UMaine’s inno-vative five-year strategic plan, which was developed during her tenure as Provost. Dr. Hunter’s influence is not limited to the halls on the Orono campus. On July 1, 2017, she also became president of the University of Maine at Machias. Dr. Hunter also served her community by serving on numerous boards of di-rectors, including the Maine School of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G15MY6.036 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2678 May 15, 2018 
Science and Mathematics, the Bangor Symphony, the Maine Mathematics and Science Alliance, and on the advi-sory network for the Olympia Snowe Women’s Leadership Institute. While it is easy to see the impact Dr. Hunter has had on the University and the Orono community, her lasting leg-acy will be her impact on students. Thousands of students have benefited from Dr. Hunter’s knowledge and guid-ance over the years, and UMaine is lucky to have also benefited from such an experienced educator and adminis-trator. The new programs Dr. Hunter brought to the university have contrib-uted to the region’s cultural and eco-nomic development. Dr. Hunter’s con-tributions have been so important—to the university, the region, and across the entire State of Maine—and we are so grateful for her decades of service. She will be missed; however, I am con-fident that the institution she leaves behind, ‘‘the college of our hearts al-ways,’’ will continue to benefit from her legacy of service for years to come. In her honor, I ask that we ‘‘fill the steins to dear old Maine’’ and ‘‘drink to Maine, our alma mater, the college of our hearts always.’’∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MUHAMMAD BABAR KHOKHAR ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Muhammad Babar Khokhar, an intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all the hard work he has done on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Currently, Babar is attending the University of South Dakota in Vermillion, SD, where he studies eco-nomics and psychology. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Babar for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bill was read the first time: S. 2850. A bill to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, without amendment: S. 2559. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. *Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. *Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. *Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE—TREATIES The following executive reports of committee were submitted: 
By Mr CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations: Treaty Doc. 114–13(A) The Treaty with the Federated States of Micronesia on the De-limitation of a Maritime Boundary with 1 declaration (Ex. Rept. 115–2); and Treaty Doc 114–13(B) The Treaty with the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries with 1 declaration (Ex. Rept. 115–3) 
The text of the committee-rec-ommended resolutions of advice and consent to ratification are as follows: 
[Treaty Doc. #114–13(A) The Treaty with the Federated States of Micronesia on the De-limitation of a Maritime Boundary] As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Mari-time Boundary, signed at Koror on August 1, 2014 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc. 114–13A), subject to the declaration in section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. [Treaty Doc. #114–13(B) The Treaty with the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries] As reported by the Committee on Foreign Relations: Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), Section 1. Senate Advice and Consent Sub-ject to a Declaration. The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc 114–13B), subject to the declaration in section 2. Sec. 2. Declaration. The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. f INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. D UR-
BIN): S. 2838. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain informa-tion on distribution of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Ms. S
MITH, Mr. J ONES , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 2839. A bill to amend the Food, Agri-culture, Conservation, and Trade Act of 1990 to improve assistance for socially disadvan-taged farmers and ranchers and veteran farmers and ranchers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. ROUNDS: S. 2840. A bill to require a strategic plan to improve capabilities of Department of De-fense training ranges and installations; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 2841. A bill to require policies and pro-grams to research, prevent, and address the harmful consequences of gambling disorder among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 2842. A bill to prohibit the marketing of bogus opioid treatment programs or prod-ucts; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 2843. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the dis-tribution of additional residency positions to help combat the opioid crisis; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2844. A bill to require the Surface Trans-portation Board to implement certain rec-ommendations of the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. BALDWIN: S. 2845. A bill to provide collective bar-gaining rights for public safety officers em-ployed by States or their political subdivi-sions; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 2846. A bill to provide for multidisci-plinary teams for military installations on child abuse and other domestic violence, to require a pilot program on nurse home visits 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\MAY\S15MY8.REC S15MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2679 May 15, 2018 
to reduce child abuse and improve safe childcare among military families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. T
ILLIS , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): S. 2847. A bill to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clay-ton Act and only in the same procedural manner as the Attorney General exercises such authority, and to require the Federal Communications Commission to approve or deny a license transfer application within 180 days of submission; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THUNE: S. 2848. A bill to improve Department of Transportation controlled substances and al-cohol testing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. HARRIS: S. 2849. A bill to prohibit the expansion of immigration detention facilities, to improve the oversight of such facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2850. A bill to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund; read the first time. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. B
URR): S. 2851. A bill to improve regional health care emergency preparedness and response systems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. A
LEXANDER , and Mrs. M URRAY ): S. 2852. A bill to reauthorize certain pro-grams under the Pandemic and All-Hazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER: S. Res. 507. A resolution recognizing the importance of the goal of National Women’s Health Week to empower adolescent girls and women of all ages to make informed choices about their sexual activity and effec-tive steps to prevent against HIV; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): S. Res. 508. A resolution supporting the goals of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome International Awareness Day; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. Res. 509. A resolution providing for members on the part of the Senate of the Joint Committee on Printing and the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library; con-sidered and agreed to. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 510. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the month of May 2018 as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 308 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 308, a bill to amend title XI of the So-cial Security Act to require applicable manufacturers to include information regarding payments made to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and other advance practice nurses in trans-parency reports submitted under sec-tion 1128G of such Act. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriv-ing through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other pur-poses. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to elimi-nate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 909 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 909, a bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to extend and improve conservation programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1086 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1086, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to remove the prohibition on eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Se-lect of members of the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces who are eli-gible to enroll in a health benefits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. 
S. 1238 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1238, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease and make permanent the exclu-sion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical re-sponders. 
S. 1278 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1278, a bill to provide for the admission of the State of Washington, D.C. into the Union. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. COONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protec-tions of the Fair Housing Act to per-sons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 2144 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2144, a bill to provide a process for granting lawful permanent resident status to aliens from certain countries who meet specified eligibility require-ments. 
S. 2415 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2415, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to streamline en-rollment of certain Medicaid providers and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes. 
S. 2499 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2499, a bill to require the Fi-nancial Industry Regulatory Authority to establish a relief fund to provide in-vestors with the full value of unpaid arbitration awards issued against bro-kerage firms or brokers regulated by the Authority. 
S. 2568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2568, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2572 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2572, a bill to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to address and take action to prevent bullying and harassment of students. 
S. 2652 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Sen-ator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE- S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2652, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Glea-son. 
S. 2667 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2667, a bill to amend the Agricul-tural Marketing Act of 1946 to provide for State and Tribal regulation of hemp production, and for other purposes. 
S. 2802 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.008 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2680 May 15, 2018 
(Mr. W ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2802, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide the op-portunity for responsible health sav-ings to all American families. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2829 
At the request of Ms. H ARRIS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2829, a bill to amend the Federal Reserve Act to require Federal Reserve banks to interview at least one individual reflective of gender diver-sity and one individual reflective of ra-cial or ethnic diversity when appoint-ing Federal Reserve bank presidents, and for other purposes. 
S. 2835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2835, a bill to require a study of the well-being of the news-print and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 5, a joint resolution remov-ing the deadline for the ratification of the equal rights amendment. 
S.J. RES. 24 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 24, a joint resolu-tion proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States rel-ative to balancing the budget. 
S.J. RES. 56 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as co-sponsors of S.J. Res. 56, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Payday, Vehicle, Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans’’. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 368, a resolution supporting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. 
S. RES. 414 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 414, a resolution condemning the continued undemocratic measures by the Government of Venezuela to un-dermine the independence of demo-cratic institutions and calling for a free and fair electoral process. S. RES. 435 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 435, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the 85th anniversary of the Ukrainian Famine of 1932–1933, known as the Holodomor, should serve as a reminder of repres-sive Soviet policies against the people of Ukraine. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2838. A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to require the Drug Enforcement Administration to report certain information on distribu-tion of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise with my colleagues, Senators G
RASSLEY , CAPITO , and D URBIN to in-troduce the Using Data to Prevent Opioid Diversion Act. This legislation provides additional tools to drug manufacturers and dis-tributors to better enable them to de-termine when orders of opioids are sus-picious. It also provides additional tools for law enforcement to hold manufacturers and distributors who fail to identify, report, and stop suspicious orders of opioids accountable. Between 2006 and 2016, nearly 21 mil-lion opioids were distributed to two pharmacies in Williamson, West Vir-ginia, which has a population of nearly 3,000. Even worse, between 2007 and 2008, nearly 9 million pills were distrib-uted to a single pharmacy in Kermit, West Virginia, which has a population of only 392. In total, between 2007 and 2012, 780 million oxycodone and hydrocodone pills—two powerful opioids—were dis-tributed to pharmacies throughout West Virginia. These two drugs con-tributed to 1,700 drug overdose deaths in the state. All of this happened despite the fact that opioid manufacturers and dis-tributors are required to detect and disclose suspicious orders of opioids to the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA). They are also required to keep complete and accurate records relating to the sale, delivery, or disposal of opioids through the Automated Re-ports and Consolidated Ordering Sys-tem, often referred to as ARCOS. While required by law to provide this information, once obtained, the DEA is not required to disclose to opioid man-ufacturers and distributors the total number of distributors serving a single pharmacy or practitioner, or the total quantity and type of opioids being dis-tributed. This creates a blind spot because there is no awareness of how many drugs are entering a community. This lack of information may be part of the reason that millions of opioids were able to be delivered to small mom and pop pharmacies in West Virginia. Our bill corrects this problem by re-quiring the DEA to provide to opioid manufacturers and distributors anonymized information related to the number of distributors serving a single pharmacy or practitioner, and the quantity and type of opioids being de-livered to each. This information, coupled with the algorithms that these companies al-ready use in their efforts to determine the legitimacy of opioid orders, will help manufacturers and distributors better prevent these substances from being diverted to someone other than the intended recipient who has a lawful prescription. Our bill also strengthens account-ability by establishing civil and crimi-nal fines for drug manufacturers and distributors who fail to consider ARCOS data when determining wheth-er an order for opioids is suspicious. Additionally, it increases existing civil fines for drug manufacturers and dis-tributors who fail to report suspicious orders and keep accurate records ten- fold, from $10,000 to $100,000. It also doubles existing criminal fines from $250,000 to $500,000. In addition to opioid manufacturers and distributors, accurate and timely data related to the manufacture and distribution of opioids can also assist state officials in stopping suspicious orders. That is why our bill requires the United States Attorney General to share standardized reports with state officials, including regulatory, licens-ing, attorneys general, and law en-forcement agencies, related to the dis-tribution patterns collected by the ARCOS database on a semi-annual basis. Finally, our bill requires the Depart-ment of Justice to provide an annual report to Congress on how it is using ARCOS data to identify and stop sus-picious activity related to opioids. Opioid manufacturers and distribu-tors are on the front lines and have an important role to play in combatting the opioid crisis. In 2016, we lost 64,000 individuals to drug overdose deaths in our country. More than 42,000 of these were opioid related. Prevention is critical to reducing these deaths. The Using Data to Prevent Opioid Di-version Act will help ensure that we never have another situation in which 9 million pills are delivered to a single pharmacy in a town that has a popu-lation of less than 400 people. It will provide drug manufacturers and dis-tributors with the tools they need to better prevent the distribution of opioids to bad actors, and will provide law enforcement with the authority to hold them accountable for failure to do so. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and look forward to its pas-sage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.009 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2681 May 15, 2018 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. M
CCAIN): S. 2850. A bill to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Set-tlement Fund; read the first time. 
S. 2850 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. USE OF FUNDS IN WMAT SETTLE-MENT FUND FOR WMAT RURAL WATER SYSTEM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF WMAT R URAL WATER  S
YSTEM .—Section 307(a) of the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3080) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘, (b)(2),’’ after ‘‘subsections (a)’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Section 312(b)(2)(C)(i)(III) of the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–291; 124 Stat. 3093) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including the planning, de-sign, and construction of the WMAT rural water system, in accordance with section 307(a).’’. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 507—RECOG-NIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE GOAL OF NATIONAL WOM-EN’S HEALTH WEEK TO EM-POWER ADOLESCENT GIRLS AND WOMEN OF ALL AGES TO MAKE INFORMED CHOICES ABOUT THEIR SEXUAL ACTIVITY AND EFFECTIVE STEPS TO PREVENT AGAINST HIV Mr. BOOKER submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 507 Whereas approximately 
1⁄2of the 36,700,000 people living with human immunodeficiency virus (commonly known as ‘‘HIV’’) world-wide are women; Whereas approximately 1,000 adolescent girls and young women worldwide are in-fected with HIV each day; Whereas 22 percent of new HIV infections worldwide in 2016 were in young women be-tween 15 and 24 years of age; Whereas 120,000 children worldwide died in 2016 of causes related to acquired immune de-ficiency syndrome (commonly known as ‘‘AIDS’’); Whereas AIDS is a leading cause of death among adolescents globally; Whereas young girls who experience vio-lence are 3 times more likely to be infected with HIV, and a survey of 11 countries found that 1 in 3 women reported their first sexual experience as forced or coerced; Whereas girls account for 74 percent of new HIV infections among adolescents in sub-Sa-haran Africa; Whereas 1 in 4 people living with HIV in the United States is a female who is 13 years of age or older; Whereas approximately 226,000 women live with HIV in the United States; Whereas 20 percent of the AIDS diagnoses in the United States, from the beginning of the epidemic through the end of 2015, were among women; Whereas HIV affects all demographics of women, however, African American women are disproportionately affected; Whereas African American women made up more than 61 percent of new HIV infections in 2015, while only accounting for 14 percent of the female population in the United States; Whereas 1⁄2of the women living with HIV in the United States are receiving care; Whereas only 4 in 10 HIV infected women in the United States have reached viral sup-pression; Whereas the annual number of HIV infec-tions through perinatal transmission in the United States has declined by over 90 percent since the early 1990s; Whereas, when a woman living with HIV receives comprehensive care before, during, and after a pregnancy, the risk of passing HIV to their child reduces to less than 1 per-cent; Whereas women and adolescent girls face serious prevention challenges due to inad-equate access to evidence-based, age appro-priate comprehensive sexuality and HIV pre-vention education and prevention tools, in-cluding— (1) male and female condoms; (2) pre-exposure prophylaxis (commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘PrEP’’) and testing; (3) sexual and gender based violence pre-vention and care services; and (4) sexual and reproductive health informa-tion and services, including screening and treatment for sexually transmitted infec-tions; Whereas PrEP regimens are more than 90 percent effective in reducing the risk of HIV infection from sex, yet only 10 to 20 percent of at risk women were aware of PrEP regi-mens as a viable HIV prevention option in 2014; and Whereas transgender women and women who are lesbian, bisexual, transgender, and intersex are between 19 and 40 percent more at risk of HIV than the general population, and have risk factors that are exacerbated by stigma, discrimination, and violence: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the importance of the goal of National Women’s Health Week to empower young women to make informed choices about their sexual activity and take effec-tive steps to protect against human immuno-deficiency virus (commonly referred to as ‘‘HIV’’); (2) applauds the leadership of the United States on efforts to eliminate new pediatric HIV infections in the United States and around the world, and supports providing ad-olescent girls and young women with the evi-dence-based approaches necessary to prevent new HIV infections in themselves and their children; (3) supports the investment of the United States President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (commonly referred to as ‘‘PEPFAR’’) in the DREAMS (Determined, Resilient, Em-powered, AIDS-free, Mentored, and Safe) partnership, that aims to significantly re-duce new HIV infections among adolescent girls and young women through evidence- based, multi-sectoral approaches and encour-ages PEPFAR to expand this approach and investment; (4) commends PEPFAR for significantly reducing in 2017, for the first time, new HIV infections among adolescent girls and young women within the highest-burden areas of 10 sub-Saharan African countries, and notes the need for ongoing work so women and girls can realize their right to live free from HIV, violence, and discrimination, including in the United States; (5) encourages State and local govern-ments, including public health agencies and media organizations, to recognize and sup-port National Women’s Health Week, pub-licize its importance among communities, and encourage individuals, especially women and girls, to get tested for HIV; (6) supports effective and comprehensive HIV prevention education programs targeted at women and girls to promote their knowl-edge and access to information and services, including for early identification of vulnerabilities through screening for vio-lence, testing, and other modalities that con-nect those in need to evidence-based and human rights-based prevention, care, and treatment services; and (7) urges continued investment and engage-ment across foreign assistance programs and diplomatic efforts to address violence against women and girls, to combat discrimi-nation on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity, and to recognize the inabil-ity of adolescent girls to access a full range of their sexual and reproductive health and rights as a key driver of the HIV pandemic. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 508—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS OF MYALGIC ENCEPHALOMYELITIS/ CHRONIC FATIGUE SYNDROME INTERNATIONAL AWARENESS DAY Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Ms. C OLLINS ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions: 
S. R ES. 508 Whereas the Health and Medicine Division of the National Academies of Sciences, Engi-neering, and Medicine (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘HMD’’), formerly known as the Institute of Medicine, has found Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘ME/ CFS’’) to be ‘‘a serious, chronic, complex, and systemic disease that frequently and dramatically limits the activities of affected patients’’; Whereas between 836,000 and 2,500,000 indi-viduals of all ages, races, and sexes in the United States are believed to be afflicted with ME/CFS, with millions more afflicted by ME/CFS worldwide, and the vast majority of individuals with ME/CFS are undiagnosed or misdiagnosed; Whereas ME/CFS is approximately 4 times more prevalent in women than in men; Whereas ME/CFS is a chronic disease that persists for decades and leaves 
1⁄4of individ- uals with ME/CFS housebound or bedbound, often for years; Whereas 50 to 75 percent of individuals with ME/CFS cannot work or attend school; Whereas medical expenses and lost produc-tivity related to ME/CFS cost the economy of the United States $17,000,000,000 to $24,000,000,000 annually; Whereas the cause of ME/CFS is unknown, there is no diagnostic test for ME/CFS, and there is no treatment for ME/CFS that is ap-proved by the Food and Drug Administra-tion; Whereas HMD has noted a ‘‘paucity of re-search’’ on ME/CFS and that ‘‘more research is essential’’; Whereas individuals with ME/CFS struggle to find doctors who are willing and able to care for them and ME/CFS is included in less than 
1⁄3of medical curricula; Whereas, in recognition of the dearth of re-search on ME/CFS and the profound impact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.017 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2682 May 15, 2018 
that the disease has on individuals with ME/ CFS and their loved ones and caretakers, the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘NIH’’) is ‘‘committed to unraveling the underlying biologic cause(s) of ME/CFS as swiftly as possible, and promoting research that will inform the development of effective strategies for treat-ment and prevention of this devastating con-dition’’; Whereas, in 2017, 11 Institutes at the NIH that participate in the Trans-NIH Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome Working Group and the Office of the Director of the NIH contributed more than $7,000,000 in grants to assist in establishing Collaborative Research Centers and a Data Management Coordinating Center to im-prove the coordination of ME/CFS research and help accelerate understanding of ME/ CFS; and Whereas, in 2018, May 12 is recognized as International Awareness Day for ME/CFS and other neurological conditions: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome International Awareness Day; (2) recognizes and affirms the commitment of the United States to— (A) discovering the cause of, and a cure for, Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome; and (B) improving the availability and quality of medical care for individuals with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome; and (3) encourages— (A) the National Institutes of Health and other Federal agencies to work with experts, stakeholders, and individuals with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome to— (i) consider the recommendations of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineer-ing, and Medicine relating to Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome; and (ii) support research to discover the cause of, and a cure for, Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syn-drome; and (B) the medical community to enhance practitioner training to provide appropriate and accessible care for individuals with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 509—PRO-VIDING FOR MEMBERS ON THE PART OF THE SENATE OF THE JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING AND THE JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 509 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be, and they are hereby, elected mem-bers of the following joint committees of Congress: J
OINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING : Mr. Blunt, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Wicker, Ms. Klobuchar, and Mr. Udall. J
OINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LI-
BRARY : Mr. Blunt, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Shelby, Ms. Klobuchar, and Mr. Leahy. SENATE RESOLUTION 510—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE MONTH OF MAY 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BLAD-DER CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 510 Whereas more than 700,000 people in the United States live with bladder cancer; Whereas more than 81,000 people are ex-pected to be diagnosed with bladder cancer and more than 17,000 will die due to the dis-ease in 2018 alone; Whereas bladder cancer affects people of all ages and backgrounds and is among the top 10 cancers with the highest incidence rates in the United States; Whereas bladder cancer is known as one of the most expensive cancers to treat on a per patient basis, with a recurrence rate of ap-proximately 50 to 80 percent, requiring life-long surveillance; Whereas bladder cancer symptoms, such as blood in the urine, are easily recognized, however, many are unaware of the threat of bladder cancer, often prolonging the time to diagnosis; Whereas, if diagnosed early, bladder cancer is treatable; Whereas military veterans are twice as likely as nonveterans to be diagnosed with bladder cancer; Whereas women are often diagnosed at a later stage in the development of bladder cancer, and when diagnosed at the same stage as men, women have a worse prognosis; Whereas, if diagnosis and treatment are de-layed, the life expectancy of an individual with bladder cancer decreases; Whereas the quality of life of a person with bladder cancer will depend on future treat-ment and diagnosis developments, which will rely on research advancements; Whereas research advancements for blad-der cancer are limited by a lack of awareness about the disease within the medical com-munity and the general public; Whereas increased awareness of bladder cancer will promote early diagnosis and in-crease the chances of survival; Whereas increased awareness of bladder cancer will bolster public support of the dis-ease and thus increase funding for innovative research and the development of new treat-ment options and diagnostic tools; Whereas, traditionally, on the first Satur-day in May each year, survivors, caregivers, and loved ones walk together throughout the United States to raise awareness of bladder cancer; Whereas the Bladder Cancer Advocacy Net-work and its community of patients, care-givers, and specialists seek— (1) to foster a community of hope and sup-port; (2) to fund and conduct research for inno-vative treatments and diagnostic tools; and (3) to increase public awareness and under-standing of bladder cancer; and Whereas May would be an appropriate month to designate as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of May 2018 as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Bladder Cancer Awareness Month; and (3) calls on the people of the United States, interested groups, and affected persons— (A) to promote awareness of bladder cancer and to foster understanding of the impact of the disease on patients and their families and caregivers; (B) to take an active role in the fight to end bladder cancer; and (C) to observe National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month with appropriate cere-monies and activities. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr BARRASSO. Mr. President, I have 9 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Thelma Drake, of Vir-ginia, to be Federal Transit Adminis-trator, Department of Transportation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Appleton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; to be imme-diately followed by a hearing to exam-ine the nominations of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomination of Aimee Kathryn Jorjani, of Wisconsin, to be Chairman of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining Oversight Reports on the 340B Drug Pricing Program’’. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Authorities and Resources Needed to Protect and Secure the United States.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.019 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2683 May 15, 2018 
of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting and Promoting Music Cre-ation for the 21st Century’’. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
The Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 3:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Small Business in America: An up-date from the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 10, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the nomination of William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Di-rector of the National Counterintel-ligence and Security Center. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON COMMUNICATION , 
TECHNOLOGY , INNOVATION , AND THE INTERNET  
The Subcommittee on Communica-tion, Technology, Innovation, and The Internet of the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, May 10, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL , INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL  
INSITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC , 
ENERGY , AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
The Subcommittee on East Asia, The Pacific, and International Cybersecu-rity Policy of the Committee on For-eign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘American Leadership in the Asia-Pacific, Part 5: The Asia Reassurance Initiative Act.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Alex Borgelt of my staff be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Bob Minchin and Tim Rodriguez, two law clerks with my Judiciary Committee staff, be granted floor privileges for today’s ses-sion, May 15, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 2850 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk, and I ask for its first reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2850) to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bill will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 197TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE INDEPENDENCE OF GREECE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the For-eign Relations Committee be dis-charged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the con-sideration of S. Res. 443. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 443) recognizing the 197th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 443) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 22, 2018, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
PROVIDING FOR MEMBERS ON THE PART OF THE SENATE OF THE JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING AND THE JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 509, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 509) providing for members on the part of the Senate of the Joint Committee on Printing and the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 509) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF THE MONTH OF MAY 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL BLAD-DER CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 510, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 510) expressing sup-port for the designation of the month of May 2018 as ‘‘National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 510) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 16; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Zais nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:03 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, May 16, 2018, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
GORDON HARTOGENSIS, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE DI-RECTOR OF THE PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORA-TION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE W. THOMAS REEDER JR., RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
SCOTT STUMP, OF COLORADO, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY FOR CAREER, TECHNICAL, AND ADULT EDU-CATION, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE BRENDA DANN-MESSIER. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.022 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2684 May 15, 2018 
THE JUDICIARY  
GARY RICHARD BROWN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE SANDRA J. FEUERSTEIN, RETIRED. DIANE GUJARATI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE JOHN GLEESON, RESIGNED. ERIC ROSS KOMITEE, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE ERIC NICHOLAS VITALIANO, RE-TIRED. RACHEL P. KOVNER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE CAROL BAGLEY AMON, RETIRED. LEWIS J. LIMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE PAUL A. CROTTY, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MARIA CHAPA LOPEZ, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLOR-IDA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ARTHUR LEE BENTLEY III, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
COREY LANDON MAZE, OF ALABAMA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF ALABAMA, VICE VIRGINIA EMERSON HOPKINS, RETIR-ING. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
BRIAN T. MORAN, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF WASHINGTON FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JENNY A. DURKAN, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
RYAN DOUGLAS NELSON, OF IDAHO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT, VICE NORMAN RANDY SMITH, RETIRING. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
TODD L. NUKES, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE NORTHERN DISTRICT OF INDIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE MYRON MARTIN SUTTON, TERM EXPIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOHN L. SINATRA, JR., OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE WILLIAM M. SKRETNY, RETIRED. MARY KAY VYSKOCIL, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE LORETTA A. PRESKA, RETIRED. JOSHUA WOLSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF PENNSYLVANIA, VICE JAMES KNOLL GARDNER, RE-TIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. CHARLES Q. BROWN, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOSEPH M. MARTIN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOSEPH L. OSTERMAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 716: 
To be major 
CHAD J. KIMBROUGH TRAVIS K. PUGH 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER IN THE GRADE INDI-CATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
COURTNEY T. TRIPP THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531, 716 AND 3064: 
To be major 
TAM BUI IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DOUGLAS A. BECK THEODORE O. COCHRAN BRIAN D. COURCHAINE JAMES A. DELARODERIE KENNETH C. GREGORY STEVEN R. HOEM ROBERT L. HORNER, JR. BRIAN M. KALAMAJKA NEIL A. MACMILLAN DEAN A. MIERAU LESLIE D. MONTGOMERY JERRY D. PINKSTON RICHARD J. SARMENTO PAUL E. SCHIRMER LUIS F. SOLER JAMES D. SWEET ANTHONY C. TASSO STEVEN W. TOPPEL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
ROBERT A. VITA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DARIN E. MARVIN ERIC E. PERCIVAL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JOHN J. DOHERTY JAMES T. HOLLAND, JR. WILLIAM ORTIZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
DAVID A. FORD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
RICHARD S. ARDOLINO ALLEN L. GARNER ROBERT E. HEISE SARAH E. ROLLINGS ANDREW C. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CHERYL D. DANDREA JOHN C. HAZLETT II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
RICHARD E. BOUCHER COLLEEN A. HOUSTON VALERIE J. LACROIX TRUNG D. NGUYEN CINDY L. RHODES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JEFFREY W. ADAMS ISAAC C. ARMSTRONG IV ROCKY A. BURNS MICHAEL A. EVANS IAN D. HAWLEY EDWARD A. HOAK CHRISTOPHER ISBELL JASON C. MCCOY JOHN M. MCLEAN ROBERT S. MERTON QUINTON S. PACKARD WILLIAM B. PALMER II DOMITILO M. PASTORIN, JR. EDWARD B. ROHRBACH ALBERT C. SEEMAN MICHAEL SMITH DANTE R. TERRONEZ GREGGORY M. UNGER RICHARD C. WHEELER III RICHARD B. WILDERMAN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
CLIFFORD J. ALLEN RICHARD C. ARTHUR STUART L. BAUMAN JOSEPH S. BELL THOMAS E. BOSWELL ANNA E. BOYD SLADE R. BROCKETT RICHARD M. BROCKMAN ERIC M. BRONSON DARIO P. CALABRESE MARCUS C. CAMACHO KETAN S. CHHIPWADIA WILLIAM H. CHRISTIAN JASON R. CRAIN MARGARET E. C. DEAN KRISTIAN F. DEMONSI DAMIAN S. DICKERSON SHANE G. DOVER JOHN J. DRISCOLL, JR. ERIK D. ECK PAUL J. FELINI LESLEY J. FIERST MATTHEW C. FREY SETH C. GAGLIARDI MIKEINAL T. GOMEZ MICHAEL C. GREEN MATTHEW C. HARPER WILLIAM K. HAXTON ANDREAS HEPPNER JOHN L. HILDEBRANDT IV DOUGLAS L. HOLTAN CAROLYN M. HURWITZ JENNIFER C. KIDD HAROLD M. KIM JAMES T. KING MATTHEW S. KOERBER JAMES E. LAWSON JASON M. LEVINE LAURENCE L. LIVINGSTON DEWEY A. LOPES WILLIAM C. MCDANIEL COLIN P. MCGUIRE DANNY MILICEVIC DANIEL M. MIRELEZ PETER W. MOORE CHRISTOPHER W. MORGAN MATTHEW A. MUSIC JASON M. NAIDYHORSKI WOODROW M. NESBITT, JR. CHRISTOPHER W. PALMENBERG HARISH D. PATEL DUANE T. PENFOLD JEFFREY D. PETERSON ANDREA N. PHELPS BRYAN L. ROSS DAVID J. SALMONS ANTHONY J. SCHWARZ JAMES M. SHANE ANDREW J. SHANK JAMES E. SHIPMAN WILLIAM C. SHORT BRIAN L. SKUBIN RONALD T. SOROKA, JR. MICHAEL A. STABILE, JR. ERIC B. SVENSSON MICHAEL J. TOLENO JEREMY R. VANFRANK STEPHAN E. WALBORN MICHAEL E. WALLACE KELLY C. WARD MICHAEL J. WAUTLET ABRAHAM N. YOUNCE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be captain 
MARK S. COLLINS ERIK T. COX KENNETH S. DAVIES KEITH E. DOMINIC DAVID M. HICKS DANA R. MELVIN SHANE MORTON JAMIE J. ROCK SHAWN C. SMITH MARK S. TEALE THOMAS W. TREFNY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JONAS B. E. GIL KEITH W. MURPHY CHRISTIE M. RUSHING THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
JONATHAN E. BUSH MICHAEL B. DEAN CHRISTINE M. PHILLIPS DAVID W. RUSSELL CHRISTINA L. SKACAN JAMES C. WILTRAUT, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be captain 
MELISSA M. FORD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY RESERVE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.012 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2685 May 15, 2018 
To be captain 
MATTHEW H. ROBINSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
KEVIN B. SMITH CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate May 15, 2018: 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOEL M. CARSON III, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT. JOHN B. NALBANDIAN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT. WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on May 15, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
THOMAS D. HOMAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE SARAH R. SALDANA, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON NOVEM-BER 14, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A15MY6.014 S15MYPT1lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE641 May 15, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, due to the primary election in my home state of North Carolina, I was unable to vote during Roll Call 167, the motion to suspend the rules and pass as amended H.R. 4910, the Vet-erans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act, as well as Roll Call 168, the motion to suspend the rules and pass as amended H.R. 4335, the Servicemember Family Burial Act. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call 167 and Yea on Roll Call 168. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JACOB STILLMAN, SOLICITOR FOR THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a distinguished constituent, Jacob Stillman, Solicitor for the Securities and Ex-change Commission, who has retired after more than 55 years of devoted and exemplary public service with the Commission. Mr. Stillman joined the SEC as a staff attorney in the Office of the General Counsel in 1962, be-came an Associate General Counsel in 1978, and served as Solicitor from 1999 until becom-ing Senior Advisor to the Solicitor in 2017. As the Commission’s chief appellate lawyer, he advised the Commission on important legal issues of the day and greatly influenced the development of securities doctrine in the fed-eral courts of appeals and the Supreme Court. His keen legal mind and powerfully lucid legal analysis played a key role in advancing the Commission’s mission of protecting both investors and the integrity of the capital mar-kets. During his years of service, Mr. Stillman was deeply involved in articulating and de-fending the legal foundations underpinning the Commission’s authority to regulate insider trading. He also worked zealously on behalf of investors, persuading the courts to accept the Commission’s position that the securities laws provided investors certain private rights of ac-tion. And he was instrumental in the Commis-sion’s successful effort to convince the Su-preme Court to accept the fraud-on-the-market theory of investor reliance, a theory that re-duced hazards in the market and greatly en-hanced defrauded investors’ ability to recover unfair losses. Mr. Stillman graduated cum laude from Har-vard Law School in 1958 and began his legal career as a clerk to the Honorable Harry E. Kalodner of the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Third Circuit. He also served as an officer in the Judge Advocate General’s Corps of the U.S. Army before joining the Commission. He has over the years received numerous honors, including the Federal Bar Association’s 48thAnnual Justice Tom C. Clark Award for Outstanding Government Attorney, the Philip A. Loomis Award from the Securities Law Section of the Federal Bar Association, and the Distinguished Service Award from the Commission itself. Most recently, he was hon-ored with the William O. Douglas Award, granted by the Association of Securities and Exchange Commission Alumni. These many awards illustrate how highly-re-garded Mr. Stillman is by the bar and by his Commission colleagues. At the peak of his ca-reer, he served as the investor’s advocate and will always be remembered for his diligent and creative work. I thank Mr. Stillman for his serv-ice to the SEC, investors, and the American people. f 
HONORING JOANN STILLINGS, 2018 CENTRAL OHIO SENIOR CITIZENS HALL OF FAME INDUCTEE 
HON. JIM JORDAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, the Central Ohio Area Agency on Aging will host the 43rd an-nual Central Ohio Senior Citizens Hall of Fame induction ceremony on Wednesday, May 16, in Columbus. I am honored to com-mend to the House one of this year’s induct-ees, JoAnn Stillings of Richwood. Mrs. Stillings’ service to her community is a model we can all emulate. She currently over-sees a commodity food box program for senior citizens in northern Union County, coordinating the schedule of volunteers and greeting each client personally. Mrs. Stillings also helped create the North Union Personal Needs Pantry, which provides personal hygiene items to low-income families and seniors. She has been tireless in pursuing grant opportunities and holding fundraisers to support this important work, which has as-sisted more than 8,400 families in its decade of existence. Mr. Speaker, selection for the Central Ohio Senior Citizens Hall of Fame is a high honor accorded to seniors who have devoted their lives to service to others. I am pleased to join in the accolades for JoAnn Stillings on her in-duction, and thank the Central Ohio Area Agency on Aging for recognizing her many sacrifices and those of all of this year’s induct-ees. PAYING TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL WILLIAM WAY HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to Brigadier General William W. Way for his exceptional dedication to duty and service to the United States Army and to the United States of America. General Way is completing nearly thirty years of service to the country, most recently as the U.S. Army Reserve’s Di-rector of Government Affairs. Growing up in Southern California, and hav-ing family in the armed forces, national service was always on his mind. General Way started his career in 1982 as an intern for the U.S. Senate Banking Committee while a student at the Wharton School of the University of Penn-sylvania. He was later commissioned as an Army officer in 1990 after graduating from the University of California Hastings College of the Law. General Way’s military career began with an assignment in Europe in 1990 when 300,000 U.S. forces were stationed there at the end of the Cold War. He served overseas and state-side with front line armored cavalry, rocket, and missile units. His assignments included the 3d Armored Division (Spearhead) and the 4th Infantry Division (Ironhorse). As a Colonel, he was in command of the largest legal unit in the Army with 30 offices in 25 states, Europe and Puerto Rico. General Way also served in combat in Iraq and in a peacekeeping mission with NATO where he served with German and Austrian Army colleagues as legal advisor regarding crowd and riot control, psychological oper-ations, and building partner capacity. After serving next as Deputy Legal Counsel to the Chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, he was promoted to the grade of Brigadier Gen-eral. He also served as the acting Deputy Chief of Staff for Personnel, G–1. In addition to his diverse assignments he is a graduate of the Joint Forces Staff College, Air War College, and the Army War College. On behalf of a grateful nation, I join my col-leagues today in recognizing and commending General Way for a lifetime of service to his country. We wish Bill, Eileen, Katie and Maggie all the best as they continue their jour-ney of service. 
f 
AVRYON CARDENAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Avryon Cardenas for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY8.001 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE642 May 15, 2018 
Avryon Cardenas is a student at Arvada K– 8 and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Avryon Cardenas is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Avryon Cardenas for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
TRI-COUNTY HEALTH NETWORK & FAMILIES PLUS HRSA AWARDS 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank the Tri-County Health Network of Tellu-ride, Colorado and Families Plus of Delta, Col-orado for providing exceptional health care to those living in the Third District’s rural commu-nities. As a result of their hard work, the Health Resources and Services Administration recently named Tri-County Health Network as a Champion of Information Dissemination and Families Plus as a Champion of Innovation in Health Care Delivery. Both awardees were recognized for going above and beyond in providing their commu-nities with access to excellent health care as well as developing innovative strategies and implementing evidence-based practice models that help to improve the quality of health care. They were also noticed for their exceptional job in expanding their work outside their indi-vidual organizations through mentoring, coach-ing, and partnerships. One of the greatest challenges families in rural Colorado face is a lack of access to health care providers and services. Both Tri- County Health Network and Families Plus have gone above and beyond to fill this void and I am happy to see Tri-County Health Net-work and Families Plus recognized for their ef-forts. Mr. Speaker, Tri-County Health Network and Families Plus exemplary performance in the field of healthcare is incredibly valuable to the communities in our state. We are thankful for their continued efforts to improve the lives of those living in the Third Congressional District and I stand with all Coloradans in thanking them for their work and service. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO JOHN DREW 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Drew, Regional Representa-tive for the United Auto Workers (UAW). John Drew is retiring from the UAW after 44 years of service. Originally from a large Irish Catho-lic family in Waukegan IL, John Drew started working at the American Motors Corp. (AMC) plant in Kenosha . He began as a spot welder on the line at the American Motors’ Kenosha plant and quickly became a union activist. He has served as the elected steward, chief steward, and executive board member in UAW Local 72 including Vice President and Presi-dent. During a large portion of his tenure at Local 72, it was the largest and most influen-tial labor organization in the state. John Drew was a part of and later led the UAW Local 72 Bargaining Committee which brought Renault vehicles to Kenosha as well as Chrysler car and engine production. He worked with local, state and federal government officials to help keep new engine lines at that plant as long as possible. John was elected Vice President of Local 72, serving with the legendary Rudy Kuzel. Then in 1996, John became President of the Local and continued to fight to keep the Kenosha assembly plant open. In 2004, John went to work for the UAW Regional office rep-resenting workers in plants throughout the Mil-waukee, Racine, and Kenosha area. John Drew has consistently fought for social and economic justice issues. In fact, John formed a caucus in the local called ‘‘the Fight-ing Times’’, with his colleagues Jon Melrod and Tod Ohnstad and exposed racist and sex-ist practices of management in the plant. AMC financed a multimillion dollar lawsuit to try to squash their voices but the Fighting Times prevailed. John has also been a major force organizing UAW members and retirees to sup-port progressive candidates that would fight for working peoples’ interests. John’s commu-nity engagement led him to an appointment by former Governor Jim Doyle to the UW Board of Regents. John has a Bachelor’s Degree from the George Meany Center in Labor Studies and a Master’s Degree in Industrial and Labor Rela-tions from UW Milwaukee. He is also an avid sports fan and a soccer player. He coached soccer for many years and still plays occa-sionally. John is married to Lauren Baker, a union and community activist. They have one son, Nick who graduated from Milwaukee Public Schools and UW Madison. He is a profes-sional videographer and union member, in Chicago. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call John Drew my friend for over two decades. I am pleased to recognize his unwavering commitment to uphold the labor movement and its mission. I have sought his valuable counsel on many oc-casions and found him to be both honest and sincere. He and his wife Lauren have opened both their hearts and home to me and many others who share their passion to assist peo-ple from all walks of life. I have many stories of driving through inclement weather with John and Lauren to reach Martin Luther King Day celebrations in Kenosha. John Drew has left a legacy of strong leadership and has touched many lives in a positive way with his dedica-tion, passion, enthusiasm and motivation. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from his service be-cause he has always been a voice for those who have the least, a voice for working peo-ple, a voice for justice and fairness. I am hon-ored for these reasons to pay tribute to John Drew. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. MARK TAKANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call vote 178, I inadvertently voted No. I had in-tended to vote Aye. 
f 
HONORING THE NEW ROCHELLE FUND FOR EDUCATIONAL EXCEL-LENCE 20TH GALA 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor one of New Rochelle’s most distin-guished organizations, the New Rochelle Fund for Educational Excellence, which is cele-brating its 20th Anniversary at their annual Gala. It is my pleasure to also honor The Fund on this historic milestone. The New Rochelle Fund for Educational Ex-cellence was established in 1998. The mission of the New Rochelle Fund for Educational Ex-cellence is to support our school system and its extraordinary, diverse student body through advancing equity, excellence, and inspiring all public-school students. The Fund partners with the City School District of New Rochelle and the broader New Rochelle community to de-velop, fund, and implement high-quality edu-cational and enrichment programming to en-hance the school experience. Programs and activities that the Fund sup-ports and publishes include the Museum of Arts and Culture, The Zolcalo at Atlixco, The Martin Silver Fund for Accounting and Busi-ness Studies, Arts Out Loud, and Poetry Out Loud. The Fund then publishes the written works from Author Out Loud and Poetry Out Loud. In addition, the Fund has sponsored five concerts at both Carnegie Hall and Lincoln Center which have featured their own stu-dents. The Fund has also helped students focus on the issues of citizenship and governance since 1998, through The Civic Symposium featuring AP Government and AP Macro-economics students. Annually, the Fund hon-ors High School Seniors who have made major contributions throughout their edu-cational years at the fundraising gala. The New Rochelle Fund for Educational Ex-cellence has done some tremendous work over the past 20 years and everyone involved should be extremely proud of what the Fund has accomplished. I want to congratulate all the members of The Fund on their 20 years of service to the community, and thank them for all their hard-work. Here’s to 20 more suc-cessful years. 
f 
DARRIEN ESPINOZA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Darrien 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY8.005 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE643 May 15, 2018 
Espinoza for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Darrien Espinoza is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Darrien Espinoza is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Darrien Espinoza for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, had a scheduling conflict, and was unable to vote. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 167; Yea on Roll Call No. 168; Yea on Roll Call No. 169; Yea on Roll Call No. 170; Yea on Roll Call No. 171; Yea on Roll Call No. 172; Yea on Roll Call No. 173; Yea on Roll Call No. 174; Yea on Roll Call No. 175; Nay on Roll Call No. 176; Yea on Roll Call No. 177; Nay on Roll Call No. 178; Yea on Roll Call No. 179 and Yea on Roll Call No. 180. 
f 
DR. ROY HASTICK 
HON. YVETTE D. CLARKE 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Roy Hastick, the President and Founder of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce (CACCI) in celebration of his 68th birthday. Born in Grenada, West Indies, Hastick mi-grated to the United States in 1972 and worked for several years as a social services administrator, community advocate, entre-preneur and newspaper publisher. In 1985, Dr. Roy A. Hastick, Sr. founded the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Indus-try, Inc. (CACCI) with 10 members. Under his leadership, the organization has become a well-recognized business entity with a mem-bership of over 1,700 in the tri-state area and in the Caribbean. Over the years, CACCI has sustained and developed its mission which is to promote economic development on behalf of Caribbean Americans, African-Americans, women and other minority entrepreneurs. As President and CEO of CACCI, Hastick has been credited for his tireless efforts serving the small business community and fostering a climate of unity and harmony among diverse cultures. Hastick has convened over 800 busi-ness development seminars that bring to-gether the CACCI membership with other en-trepreneurs and the wider business community to network and access business resources, in order to make contacts and to explore con-tracts. As an ardent supporter of Two-Way trade between the United States and the Caribbean region, Hastick, an elected delegate to the 1995 White House Conference on Small Busi-ness, campaigned to get Two-Way trade with the Caribbean region into the final rec-ommendations that were submitted to the United States Congress. Through Hastick’s tireless efforts and visionary leadership, CACCI has undertaken and accomplished several challenging initiatives including: pro-viding weekly business clinics, business serv-ices for micro enterprises, start-ups and emerging minority and women business enter-prises in areas of access to financing, certifi-cation preparation and promoting trade and in-vestment opportunities in the Caribbean re-gion. CACCI’s most recent small business pro-grams are: MWBE and Financial Literacy sem-inars. In collaboration with the CACCI mem-bership and the wider community, CACCI pro-vides rapid emergency responses to hurricane disasters in the Caribbean region including St. Kitts Nevis, Antigua and Barbuda, Haiti and Grenada. Hastick has led several trade mis-sions to the Caribbean region, and hosted nu-merous Caribbean Heads of State on their vis-its to New York. Under Dr. Hastick’s leader-ship the organization organizes and sponsors the Annual National Caribbean American Her-itage Month Conference. For 16 years, CACCI has managed the city- owned Brooklyn-based micro enterprise incu-bator, a 9,000 sq. ft. Flatbush Caton Vendors Market, which houses 40 vendors who sell a variety of African and Caribbean artifacts, as well as a small business service center. Through Hastick’s collaborative efforts, pa-tience and persistence, his long-term goal of creating a Caribbean American Trade Center will soon come to fruition. The Economic De-velopment Corporation announced that a M/ WBE developer was selected to create a mixed-use project, which in addition to the Caribbean American Trade Center, will have 250 units of affordable housing, an upscale Flatbush Caton Vendors Market and a cultural center. For several years Hastick has served on numerous economic development boards including Governor’s Transition Teams, Brook-lyn Navy Yard Development Corporation, J P Morgan Chase CAB Board, and New York City and Company, Inc. He has also served as a Delegate to the United Nations for Grenada and has received numerous awards including: National Small Business Advocate of the Year by the United States Department of Com-merce; was honored at the White House at New York Day in Washington, DC. He was also the recipient of an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters from City University of New York (CUNY). More recently, Hastick received the Goodwill Ambassador Award from the Jewish community for ‘‘his impressive record of achievements, promoting economic devel-opment, and for working diligently to cultivate understanding and mutual respect.’’ Most re-cent awards were the NYS Attorney General’s (2008) African-American Achiever’s Award for exemplary small business leadership; NYC ‘‘American Dreamer Award’’ for service to New York City during Immigrants’ Monthly in New York City, and the Caribbean Diaspora Lead-ership Award presented by Caribbean Tourism Organization. Hastick was recently appointed by Brooklyn Borough President, Eric L. Adams as a Brooklyn Ambassador. Hastick currently lives in East Flatbush with his wife, and has 4 children and 8 grandchildren. As a fellow Caribbean Brooklynite, I am beaming with pride as we honor the generous service of Dr. Roy Hastick in commemorating his 68th birthday. New York’s Caribbean com-munity has forever changed through his dec-ades of dedicated service. On behalf of New York’s 9th Congressional District, I am grateful for our hard-working and impactful community leader, Dr. Roy Hastick. f 
PUEBLO SOUTH HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL CHAMPIONSHIP TRIB-UTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Pueblo South High School Colts for winning the Colorado High School State Football Championship. The Colts’ thrilling 25 to 15 victory over the Pine Creek High School Eagles, the defending state champion, is the first time in the history of the program that the Pueblo South High School football team won a state champion-ship title. Further cementing Pueblo as the state’s High School Football powerhouse, 2017 marked the fourth year in a row that a team from Pueblo claimed a state championship. East High School in Pueblo won the previous three Class 3A state championships and Pueblo Centennial High School won 25 years prior. This was also the first 4A state title for Pueblo since Pueblo West won in 2007. The city has a long history of athletic excellence and I am proud to see the Colts join the ranks of their fellow competitors. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to offer my sincere congratulations to the Pueblo South High School football team for their great accom-plishment. For many of the teams’ players, this win is the achievement of a goal they have worked hard towards for years. I com-mend their coaches and each member of the team for their sportsmanship and competitive spirit. I look forward to watching them succeed as they continue their bright academic and athletic careers. 
f 
HONORING RABBI DAVID SCHUCK 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a spiritual leader in the New Ro-chelle community, Rabbi David Schuck. Rabbi Schuck has served the community with great distinction and remarkable integrity, and as such is being honored at the Hope Community Services Inc. Annual Gala, celebrating the or-ganization’s 34 year anniversary. Rabbi Schuck grew up in Mt. Laurel, New Jersey, and has a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Middle East History from Rutgers University. Rabbi Schuck was ordained by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY8.006 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE644 May 15, 2018 
Jewish Theological Seminary in 2004 where he was awarded the Lillian M. Lowenfeld Prize in Practical Theology and the Israel H. Levinthal Prize in Homiletics. Rabbi Schuck grew up in the Conservative Movement as an active USYer and spent many years as a counselor, group leader, and yoetz for USY Israel Pilgrimage and USY on Wheels. Rabbi Schuck lived in Israel for a few years, and was a participant and a counselor for United Synagogue’s Nativ program. He spent two summers as the Scholar in Resi-dence at Camp Ramah New England. After college, Rabbi Schuck lived in Kalwa, India, where he served as a Jewish Service Corps Educator. Rabbi Schuck was privileged to visit Russia on a rabbinic mission with the UJA Federation of NY, and participated in the Young Rabbis Delegation service-learning trip to Ghana with the American Jewish World Service. He served on the UJA Federation’s Commission on Jewish Identity and Renewal for the Former Soviet Union, the Westchester Jewish Council, Pelham Guidance Council, the West-chester Inter-Religious Clergy Network, and the Mount Vernon Soup Kitchen. Schuck joined the Beth El team in 2015 after serving as the spiritual leader of the Pelham Jewish Center for eleven years. He is an adjunct lecturer in the Professional and Pastoral Skills Department of the Rabbinical School at the Jewish Theological Seminary and a former faculty member in the rabbinical school of the Academy for Jewish Religion. Rabbi Schuck lives in New Rochelle with his wife Tali Aldouby-Schuck, their children Noam, Nadav, and Zeev, and their dog Obi. This year, Hope Community Services is honoring Rabbi Schuck celebrating his years as Rabbi. Congratulations to Rabbi Schuck on this great honor. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL SKILLED NURSING CARE WEEK 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Skilled Nursing Care Week and to thank the nurses, staff, and vol-unteers at nursing care centers like Healthwin Specialized Care in South Bend who provide invaluable services and ensure Hoosiers in our community have what they need to live full and meaningful lives. My fellow Hoosiers in South Bend and Mishawaka, Indiana, who reside in nursing homes, skilled nursing care, and transitional therapy centers have contributed immeas-urably to the heritage and success and growth of our community. Nursing home residents of any age or ability are themselves living history and are precious to us all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in ‘‘Celebrating Life’s Stories’’ in honor of the national theme for this year’s Skilled Nurs-ing Care Week. I also urge everyone in our community to visit a loved one, friend, or neighbor currently residing in a skilled nursing care center to show respect for all that they have given to society and to us. Let no elderly and disabled American won-der if they are valued, appreciated, and loved. Make sure they know that they are. Visiting or volunteering your time at a local care facility is a testament to community spirit, brings honor to our fathers, mothers, grandmothers, vet-erans, and everyone in residence, and lifts the spirits of caregivers who value your involve-ment. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, during the week of Monday, May 7, 2018, I missed Roll Call votes 167 through 179. Had I been present for these recorded votes, I would have voted as listed below: Roll Call Vote 167: AYE (Suspension Bill); Roll Call Vote 168: AYE (Suspension Bill); Roll Call Vote 169: NAY (Previous Ques-tion); Roll Call Vote 170: NAY (Rule); Roll Call Vote 171: NAY (Passage of S.J. Res. 57); Roll Call Vote 172: NAY (Motion to Table); Roll Call Vote 173: NAY (Previous Ques-tion); Roll Call Vote 174: NAY (Rule); Roll Call Vote 175: NAY (Passage of H.R. 2152); Roll Call Vote 176: AYE (Motion to Recom-mit); Roll Call Vote 177: NAY (Passage of H.R. 5645); Roll Call Vote 178: NAY (Titus Amendment); Roll Call Vote 179: AYE (Passage H.R. 3053). 
f 
NICOLE HENSLEY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nicole Hensley for her role in the Women’s Hockey Gold Medal finish at the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Games. This gold medal was the first win in over twenty years by the American Women’s Hockey Team. A native of Lakewood, Colorado, Nicole at-tended Rooney Ranch Elementary, Dustan Middle School and graduated from Green Mountain High School. She went on to attend college at Lindenwood University in St. Charles, Missouri where she played goal-tender on the hockey team. The position of goaltender is one of the toughest positions to play in all of sports. It requires incredible bal-ance, endurance, hand-eye coordination and mental and physical toughness. After grad-uating in 2006, she became a full-time mem-ber of the U.S. women’s national team. In 2017, she was part of the U.S. team as they won the gold medal at the World Champion-ships. The dedication demonstrated by Nicole is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. Nicole is a role model for other athletes to pur-sue their passion, strive to make the most of their education and develop a strong work ethic to help them in all aspects of life. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ni-cole Hensley for her Gold Medal finish at the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Games and for proudly representing the great State of Colo-rado. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture endeavors. f 
HONORING SERGEANT JOHN LAW-RENCE, BEND, OREGON POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, during National Police Week, I would ask all Members to honor the service and sacrifice of those law enforcement officials who have protected our communities and safeguarded our democracy. Police Week is an opportunity for all Ameri-cans to express their appreciation for our law enforcement. Every day, federal, state, and local law enforcement officers in Oregon and around the country protect their fellow citizens from harm, keep the peace, and carry out jus-tice. Today, I would like to honor Sergeant John Lawrence. He began his career with the Deschutes County Sheriffs Office and later served with the Bend Police Department for 10 years. Tragically, Sergeant Lawrence suf-fered a fatal heart attack following a shift where he responded to a bank holdup alarm. He was just 43 years old when he passed away. He will be remembered as a dedicated officer, a steadfast friend, and a loving hus-band and father. His service will be memorial-ized later this week when his name joins more than 21,000 fellow officers as part of the Na-tional Law Enforcement Officers Memorial in Washington, D.C. This week we mourn for the officers we have lost, and stand together in tribute of their service. We must express our sincerest grati-tude and appreciation to Sergeant Lawrence’s family. His sacrifice will not be forgotten. I am thankful for the service and diligence of law enforcement officers in Oregon’s Second Dis-trict and around the country. Please join me in honoring their service in defense of our free-dom and democracy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ISRAEL ON ITS 70TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, May 14, 2018 marks the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the State of Israel-uniting Israelis, the greater Jewish community, and supporters of Israel the world over. Seventy years of independence, vitality, strength and innovation. Since then, our two countries have developed a close friendship based on a shared dedication and enduring, constant commitment to our common values: peace, democracy, and respect for human 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.008 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE645 May 15, 2018 
rights. Over the past 70 years, Israel has of-fered invaluable contributions to the inter-national community, including start-up compa-nies, entrepreneurship, cybersecurity advance-ments, and much more. Of course, it is also a stable democracy in the world’s most chal-lenging, conflict-stricken region in the world. My home city of Philadelphia is a sister city to Tel Aviv in order to foster further cultural ties and cooperation. I have had the honor of vis-iting Israel several times, where I saw first-hand the strength of the Israeli people. I en-courage robust engagement with Israel from all U.S. allies and governments across the globe, and will continue to do all I can to champion peace and further our shared goals. 
f 
MALIK JONES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Malik Jones for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Malik Jones is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Malik Jones is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Malik Jones for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING BEVERLEY SVED 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, neighborhoods are strengthened by civic-minded individuals who give their time, energy, and talents to making the community a better place. In Scarsdale, no one has better exemplified that commitment to community involvement than Beverley Sved. Beverley has had a long, distinguished record of service to Scarsdale. Among her many volunteer roles in the community, she has served as the Mayor of Scarsdale, and prior to that she served as Village Trustee. Beverley chaired the Village Finance Com-mittee and the Planning Board, both chal-lenging positions that she filled skillfully with deft leadership. Beverley could bring the com-munity together to resolve difficult issues, something all good elected officials must be adept at doing. Further, Beverley has been a leader Com-mittee. These are only some of the highlights of what this highly respected, trusted, insight-ful and collaborative community leader has contributed to Scarsdale. Beverley’s selfless contribution of time and energy to community affairs epitomizes what it means to be a lead-er. This year, the Scarsdale Bowl, which for over 70 years has recognized community members who have ‘‘given unselfishly of time, energy, and effort to the civic welfare of the community,’’ is honoring Beverley Sved at their annual awards dinner on April 25th. They could not have chosen a more deserving hon-oree. As Congressman representing Scarsdale, I want to take this opportunity to congratulate Beverley on this wonderful honor and to thank her for all she has done to better the community. Her tremendous work is evi-dent all throughout Scarsdale and I am hon-ored to have such a great partner in the com-munity. f 
WHY I AM A REPUBLICAN 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a statement on behalf of Mr. Hunt Wasden. 
I am a Republican because I believe in the freedoms, both economic and social, that were given to us by the founding documents of this great nation. The Constitution begins with ‘‘We the People,’’ and later the First and Fourth Amendments solidify the sov-ereignty of the American Citizen. These doc-uments may be old, but their relevance today is still resounding. The role of the government should be to protect the people from foreign and domestic threats, while also preserving the individual rights and freedoms of its people, not regu-lating or infringing upon those rights and freedoms. One of the main reasons I identify as a Republican is my strong belief that the work of private citizens, not the govern-ment, is the foundation of the American economy. Businesses made by the people for the people not only contribute positively to the nation’s overall GDP but also supply Americans with jobs. The truth is, a govern-ment that is nineteen trillion dollars in debt should not be dictating how private citizens choose to run their businesses. Due to Presi-dent Trump’s aggressive deregulation and tax policies, our economy is growing at an impressive rate, with the labor department reporting in late March that the jobless rate in America has fallen to the lowest rate since 1973. In addition, the unemployment rate is now at 4.1 percent which is below the level the Federal Reserve considers ideal for a stable and growing economy. As a Republican I also believe in a tax sys-tem that supports businesses, and gives them the means to compete in a global market and also to reinvest not only in the company itself, but also in its employees. President Trump’s tax reforms have enabled busi-nesses, from the largest corporations to fam-ily-owned small businesses, to give signifi-cant bonuses to their employees at all levels, directly citing the new tax plan as the rea-son why. Republican policies are making an undeni-able impact in the lives of the working class, as many people are now coming to the real-ization that a hand up is almost always more beneficial than a hand out. Republican policies are also making an im-pact abroad. President Trump and Secretary Mattis’ strong opposition to ISIS has led to a 98 percent loss in territory held by the ter-rorist organization. The President also showed strength in garnering multinational support in his strong response to chemical attacks from the Assad regime in Syria. Abraham Lincoln, the first Republican president, wrote the Emancipation Procla-mation in 1863, an order to free all slaves. Later, in 1865, the Republican-controlled 38th Congress passed the 13th Amendment abol-ishing slavery. The creation of the Four-teenth Amendment, granting citizenship to all persons born or naturalized in the United States, passed soon after, despite opposition from Democrats. Ronald Reagan once described the dif-ference between Republicans and Democrats as ‘‘Two visions of the future, two fundamen-tally different ways of governing—their gov-ernment of pessimism, fear, and limits, or ours of hope, confidence, and growth. Their government sees people only as members of groups. Ours serves all the people of America as individuals.’’ The inspiring track record of the Republican Party follows suit with this philosophy, and this track record is another main reason why I am a Republican. While figures like Abraham Lincoln and Ronald Reagan may come to mind when thinking about the Republican Party, power-ful women in the party have changed the course of history as well. Republican Senator Aaron A. Sargent introduced the Nineteenth Amendment which was written by Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Stanton, who worked closely with Republicans to further women’s rights in America. Republican Jeannette Rankin was the first woman elected to the U.S. House of Representatives and Margaret Chase Smith was the first woman to serve in both the Senate and the House. In 1981 Ron-ald Reagan appointed Sandra Day O’Connor as the first woman on the U.S. Supreme Court. Also, George W. Bush selected Condoleezza Rice to be his Secretary of State. She was the first African American woman to hold this position. Republicans also had a great impact on the Civil Rights movement in our country. In 1954 Chief Justice Earl Warren, a former Re-publican governor, wrote the majority opin-ion of Brown vs. Board of Education. The Re-publican-controlled 68th Congress and Presi-dent Calvin Coolidge granted citizenship to Native Americans. In 1957 Dwight Eisen-hower desegregated Little Rock’s govern-ment schools over the resistance of Arkan-sas’ Democrat governor. Eisenhower also signed the 1960 Civil Rights Act after a fili-buster by Democrats. Further, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed when Repub-lican Everett Dirksen defeated yet another Democrat filibuster. The Republican Party has been the Party for all people since its creation. Both what the party has done in the past, and what it continues to do today inspires me, and makes me proud to be part of such an impor-tant movement. At the end of the day, the principles of economic and individual free-doms defended by the Republican Party have led so many people in America to truly live the American Dream, and will continue to do so for generations to come. AND THAT IS NOT FAKE NEWS. f 
COMMANDER PATRICK MURPHY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud former Fed-eral Heights Police Commander Patrick J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.012 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE646 May 15, 2018 
Murphy for his decades of service to the City of Federal Heights, Colorado. For over thirty years, Commander Murphy has been active within the Federal Heights community and police department. Commander Murphy started at the Federal Heights Police Department in 1980. He served in various roles at the department and worked his way up to a Commander, retiring from his extraordinary career on March 23, 2018. For nearly 40 years, Commander Murphy brought passion to his job and made a personal in-vestment to the employees within the police department and the Federal Heights commu-nity. His hard work and dedication helped make Federal Heights a great place to live and work. I extend my deepest thanks to Commander Murphy for his service to the community. I thank him for his continuous dedication to serving the people and the City of Federal Heights. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT DAVE BEYER 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroism and bravery of Douglas County Sheriffs Sergeant Dave Beyer. On De-cember 31st, 2017, Sergeant Beyer re-sponded with fellow law enforcement officers to a domestic disturbance call where he was wounded in the line of duty. On behalf of my-self and the 4th Congressional District of Colo-rado, I would like to express my sincerest ap-preciation for Sergeant Beyer’s service to our community. I admire his courage and willing-ness to stand in harm’s way so that the inno-cent may be protected. Sergeant Beyer has committed his life to protecting Americans through his service in the U.S. Army Military Police Corps, as a Re-serve Deputy with the University of Colorado, with the City of Lafayette Police Department, and then with the Douglas County Sheriff’s Of-fice for nearly 20 years. During the incident on December 31st, Ser-geant Beyer sustained injuries while providing cover during a shootout with a barricaded gun-man. He also helped place a tourniquet on his colleague, Deputy Michael Doyle, during the exchange of shots. As Sergeant Beyer now confronts his own physical and emotional healing, he will also carry the burden of know-ing that one of his fellow deputies didn’t make it away from the incident alive. For a profes-sion that treats each other like family, the loss of a colleague is especially painful. We must never forget the sacrifices paid by our men and women in uniform. Our nation’s law enforcers are vital to the safety of Colo-rado communities. On behalf of the citizens of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Sergeant Beyer. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for Roll Call votes 173 and 174 on Wednesday, May 9, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay. 
f 
MICHELLE THOMAS TEACHER LI-AISON SPACE FOUNDATION SE-LECTION 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Michelle Thomas, a teacher with the Independence Academy Charter School in Grand Junction, Colorado, for her recent se-lection as a Teacher Liaison Officer for the Space Foundation. The Space Foundation chose Michelle for her active promotion of space and science education in her school and community. Michelle was chosen for this position fol-lowing a rigorous selection process conducted by a panel of space industry experts. She was one of 31 people across the globe who were nominated for this position, and she will join 250 other active Teacher Liaisons. As a Teacher Liaison Officer she will re-ceive Space Foundation training and re-sources, take part in specialized NASA work-shops, and take on more educational respon-sibility. This opportunity will allow Michelle to expand her institutional space-based knowl-edge, further implement space education into her classroom, and in turn elevate her stu-dent’s education. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Michelle for her accomplishment. Her talent, hard work, and commitment, has led to her selection as a Teacher Liaison Officer and I have no doubt she will take what she learns from the Space Foundation and give back to her students and the Grand Junction commu-nity. I stand with the people of the Colorado’s Third Congressional District in commending her for her achievement. 
f 
TYLER PITERA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Tyler Pitera for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Tyler Pitera is a student at Arvada K–8 and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Tyler Pitera is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Tyler Pitera for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. f 
HONORING CANTOR EMERITA HELENE REPS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a spiritual leader in the New Rochelle community, Cantor Emerita Helene Reps, who this year is being honored for her 17 years of dedicated service to Temple Israel in New Ro-chelle at their 110th Anniversary Gala. Born and raised in the Pittsburgh area to a musical family, Cantor Helene Reps entered Carnegie Institute of Technology—now Car-negie Mellon—as a piano major. Encouraged by the faculty to switch to the vocal depart-ment, she received a double major in music and education. Her first professional opportunity came in 1956, the Mozart bicentennial year, when Wil-liam Steinberg, conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony, engaged her as the alto soloist in the Mozart Requiem. Helene called that mo-ment a dream, which was followed by several more roles with the Pittsburgh Opera. Upon graduation from Carnegie, she moved to New York, teaching in a Harlem junior high school. In 1958, Helene returned to Pittsburgh to marry David Reps, and Tamara, Aaron, and twins Steven and Jennifer arrived for the happy couple soon thereafter. When Davis’ work moved the family to New York City, the Cantor at JCC persuaded Helene to enter the five-year cantorial program at the Hebrew Union College School of Sacred Music. He-lene called the move a perfect fit, and in 1979 she graduated as one of the very first woman cantors to serve a major pulpit. Helene joined the clergy at Temple Israel in New Rochelle in 1980, where she served the growing con-gregation until 1997. She conducted services with Rabbi Amiel Wohl and prepared, on aver-age, 40 to 50 children each year for their bar and bat mitzvahs. These days, Helene spends her time with her husband, now of almost 60 years, enjoy-ing their four grown children and seven bril-liant grandchildren. The mark Helene has left on Temple Israel and indeed the entire New Rochelle community cannot be understated. The Temple has chosen an outstanding hon-oree for this year’s Gala, and I’d like to con-gratulate Helene on this well-deserved rec-ognition. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HUGH KENDALL 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, the Fort Walton Beach/Destin community, the place that I call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K15MY8.009 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE647 May 15, 2018 
home, recently lost a truly remarkable man. I rise to recognize and pay tribute to the life of Mr. Hugh Kendall. I was lucky enough to call Hugh a dear friend, as were many in our community. Hugh was such an open and genuinely caring per-son, that whoever had the privilege to meet him instantly felt like they’d known him for years. He had a contagious positive attitude that he spread with ease wherever he went. Hugh’s life of service began in the United States Air Force in 1963. He was a Vietnam War Veteran, but even though his health suf-fered due to his exposure to Agent Orange, Hugh always remained positive and proud re-garding his service; he once said ‘‘I served my country. I did what I was supposed to do.’’ After retirement from Civil Service, Hugh continued to give freely of his time. He volun-teered serving on the Board of Directors for many organizations including Emerald Coast Crime Stoppers, AMI Kids Emerald Coast, Sunset Vettes, and the Greater Fort Walton Beach Chamber of Commerce. He was well known throughout the civic community as a dedicated volunteer giving back to his community, which earned him Am-bassador of the Year for the Greater Fort Wal-ton Beach Chamber of Commerce and Volun-teer of the Year for Emerald Coast Crime Stoppers. Hugh’s incredible spirit will live on through his beautiful family and the many lives he im-pacted so greatly. We lost an amazing father, a loving hus-band, a devoted friend , and a true gentleman. We will miss the joy Hugh shared but will al-ways remember his smile, his kindness, and his impact on our community. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I’d like to recognize and honor the life and sacrifices of Mr. Hugh Kendall. I am thankful for the blessing of his compas-sionate and virtuous soul and for the time that we were able to spend with him here on Earth. I offer my deepest condolences to his family and friends; may they all find peace and comfort in knowing how loved and revered Hugh was by so many. People die only when we forget them, if we remember Hugh, he will be with us always. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE MINERAL WELLS AIRPORT 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Mineral Wells Airport as they celebrate their 75th Anniversary on May 19, 2018. Since 1943, the Mineral Wells Airport has been a major part of the community and has a long history of supporting our country in times of war. Originally established as Camp Wolters in 1925, the land that the airport now sits on was utilized as a training site for the 56th Brigade of the National Guard under the command of Brigadier General Jacob F. Wolters. During WWII, Camp Wolters expanded to include an airfield that trained pilots in the United States Army Air Force. The base became an instru-mental post for the Army and trained thou-sands of troops to support the war efforts. During the Cold War, the base fell under the control of the United States Air Force and was renamed Wolters Air Force Base. The re-named installation became a training post for Aviation Engineers throughout the Korean War. In 1956, the base was reverted back to the Army and housed the United States Army Primary Helicopter School. The base was later re-designated as Fr. Wolters in 1963, where it continued training helicopter pilots until its de-activation in 1973. Since its deactivation, the airfield was con-verted for public use, which established Min-eral Wells Airport. Over the years, the airport averages over 10,000 flights a year and has become a vital component of the local econ-omy. The airport has developed a superb rep-utation and was even recognized as ‘‘Airport of the Year’’ in 2007 by the Texas Department of Transportation. The rich history of the Mineral Wells Airport has engrained itself into the identity of Palo Pinto County. I want to congratulate the airport on their anniversary and wish them continued success. f 
SUTTON SPARR 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Sutton Sparr for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Sutton Sparr is a student at Mandalay Mid-dle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Sutton Sparr is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Sut-ton Sparr for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOANNA DYE ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. JoAnna Dye, who is retiring from Blackhawk College. Ms. Dye has become a pillar of the Blackhawk community, and she will be greatly missed. Ms. Dye has worked at Blackhawk College for 34 years, serving as the Financial Aid Di-rector for the last 12 years. She has always gone above and beyond, and received the 2010 Sustained Service Award from the Illinois Association of Student Financial Aid Adminis-trators (ILASFAA) in recognition of her notable contributions to Blackhawk College. Addition-ally, Ms. Dye has worked to deliver profes-sional development, leadership and edu-cational opportunities to colleagues and stu-dents throughout Illinois by serving as the Ex-ecutive Vice President and later the President of the ILASFAA. Her dedication to ensuring all our children have the opportunity to succeed has undoubtedly enriched our community and the lives of those she has touched. It is because of dedicated and selfless lead-ers such as Ms. JoAnna Dye that I am espe-cially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congres-sional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Ms. JoAnna Dye on her well-earned retirement and thank her for all of her contributions and service to our community. f 
HONORING DEPUTY JEFF PELLE 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroism and bravery of Douglas County Sheriffs Deputy Jeff Pelle. On Decem-ber 31, 2017, Deputy Pelle responded with fel-low law enforcement officers to a domestic disturbance call where he was severely wounded in the line of duty. On behalf of my-self and the 4th Congressional District of Colo-rado, I would like to express my sincerest ap-preciation for Deputy Pelle’s service to our community. I admire his courage and willing-ness to stand in harm’s way so that the inno-cent may be protected. Deputy Pelle has committed his life to pro-tecting Coloradans through his service with the Pueblo County Sheriff’s Office and then the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office. During the incident on December 31st, Dep-uty Pelle received gunshot wounds from a gunman who had barricaded himself inside an apartment complex. As Deputy Pelle confronts his own physical and emotional healing, he will also carry the burden of knowing that one of his fellow deputies didn’t make it away from the incident alive. For a profession that treats each other like family, the loss of a colleague is especially painful. We must never forget the sacrifices paid by our men and women in uniform. Our nation’s law enforcers are vital to the safety of Colo-rado communities. On behalf of the citizens in the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Deputy Pelle. 
f 
HONORING KATHY SALOM 
HON. ELIOT ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as a former class-room teacher I hold a special affinity for fellow educators, especially those who give so self-lessly of themselves in service to their com-munity. In the Rye community, no one better exemplifies that selfless commitment than Kathy Salom, and I want to take a moment to honor Kathy the fine recognition she deserves. Kathy was born Estell Kathleen Millard in Dunsmuir, California in 1945. She attended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.019 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE648 May 15, 2018 
San Francisco State University, the University of Hawaii and New York University. Her de-grees include Masters and five educational certifications both from California and New York. In 1969, Kathy married Roberto Salom from Bogota, Colombia. When Roberto accepted a job with the United Nations, they left California where Kathy had been an elementary teacher in the San Francisco Unified School District and Roberto had worked with the Federal Re-serve. They moved to Rye, New York where they raised two sons, David born in 1976 and Robert born in 1979. David resides in a group home in Greenburgh and Robert lives in Sud-bury, Massachusetts with his wife Dena Manheimer and their daughter Isabel born in 2016. Kathy worked as a teacher for the deaf for BOCES for 36 years, bringing her total teaching experience to 42 years. She was for-tunate to work at all grade levels and to use both sign language and an oral approach to educating the deaf and hard of hearing. In 1992, Kathy joined Hadassah Kehilla and enjoyed planning many special programs for the organization. Later she became involved in the book club and especially loves reading books about Jewish communities around the world. When Kathy retired in 2009, the oppor-tunity to travel around the world became pos-sible. She and her husband Roberto have al-ways explored Jewish communities when trav-eling. In New Delhi they visited a wonderful lit-tle synagogue. In Shanghai they visited the Jewish Museum, in Rome the magnificent Roman Synagogue, and the Ghetto of Venice. As they were standing in the Sephardic Syna-gogue in Amsterdam, they saw David Salom, their son’s name, as one of the founding fa-thers of the synagogue. So many Jewish ex-periences in each place they have traveled make them feel part of the diversity of the Jewish world. For her outstanding work in the field of edu-cation and her dedication to the Jewish com-munity. This year, Hadassah Kehilla is hon-oring Kathy Salom as their 2018 Woman of the Year. They could not have picked a more deserving honoree. As Representative for Rye, I would like to congratulate Kathy on this wonderful honor. 
f 
RAEGAN SWANO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Raegan Swano for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Raegan Swano is a student at Oberson Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Raegan Swano is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Raegan Swano for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I was unavoidably detained on my way to the House Chamber on May 9, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 175. 
f 
HONORING OLYMPIC GOLD MEDALIST JESSIE DIGGINS 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a hometown Olympic hero from Afton, Minnesota, Gold Medal winner Jessie Diggins. May 12, 2018 will forever be known as Jessie Diggins Day in Afton. In a ‘‘Bringing Home the Gold’’ celebration for Jessie’s homecoming, family, friends and fans from far and wide got a chance to meet and cheer their hometown champion in person. History was made at the Pyeongchang Olympic Games on February 21, 2018. With the eyes of the world upon her in the final 100-meter stretch of the team sprint freestyle cross-country ski race, Jessie Diggins dug deep, somehow finding a burst of energy to surge past her competitors and clinch a thrill-ing first-place finish. Jessie and her racing partner, Kikkan Randall, didn’t just win the race, they won the first-ever Olympic gold medal in cross-country skiing for the United States. Here at home, friends and neighbors throughout the St. Croix Valley cheered on every stride. The entire state of Minnesota shares immense pride in their thrilling victory. The triumph by Jessie Diggins and Kikkan Randall shows what is possible through vision, determination—and a tremendous amount of hard work. Their victory inspires future genera-tions of young people, especially girls, to dedi-cate themselves and pursue their dreams. Jessie continues to inspire us—to act. As a premiere athlete in a sport that depends on the presence of snow, it is not surprising that she is witnessing firsthand the rapid impact our changing climate is having on winter sports. Shortly after the Olympic Games, she shared her experience and her voice on Cap-itol Hill, speaking truth to power urging my col-leagues and me to act now to address our changing climate. Her courage and passion to make a difference for future generations is co1nmendable. Jessie is a history-maker and a leader. I cannot think of a more fitting tribute to her his-toric Olympic accomplishment than to be cho-sen by her fellow Team USA athletes to be the standard-bearer for the closing ceremony of the 2018 Olympic Games. All Americans, but especially all Minnesotans were filled with joy to see Jessie lead her teammates under the United States flag. As the Representative of Minnesota’s Fourth Congressional district, it is a privilege to be able to fly a flag in honor of Jessie and her incredible victory. Mr. Speaker, please join me in rising to pay tribute to an exceptional athlete and role model, U.S. Olympic Gold Medal winner, Jes-sie Diggins. f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF MR. PETER LIZCANO 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of Mr. Peter Lizcano, a lifetime educator who dedicated his career to the advancement of education in La-redo, Texas. Mr. Lizcano passed away after serving his community for many years. Mr. Lizcano affected the lives of many young Laredoans during his years working for the Laredo Independent School District (LISD). He served in a variety of roles during his em-ployment, including as a coach and principal. He eventually became assistant super-intendent, serving in this office until his retire-ment. During his tenure, Mr. Lizcano was in-strumental in enacting a program that encour-aged students who had dropped out of school to return to their educational pursuits. In addition to Mr. Lizcano’s countless con-tributions to LISD, he was actively involved with the League of United Latin American Citi-zens Council (LULAC) No. 12. As a LULAC member, Mr. Lizcano helped to initiate several projects, such as the Sen˜or Internacional and Tejano Achievers, to increase scholarship op-portunities for students. Our communities rely on public servants like Mr. Lizcano to inspire and encourage young people to be their very best. His commitment to education has helped build a strong founda-tion in Laredo, and his legacy will be felt for many generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to honor Mr. Peter Lizcano for his contributions to education in South Texas. 
f 
HONORING YVETTE MARRIN 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to recognize a pillar of the Riverdale community, Ms. Yvette Marrin, an individual who has done so much for the community through her work at the Riverdale Temple for many years. This year, the Riverdale Temple is honoring Yvette at their annual Student Sponsorship Breakfast and they could not have chosen a better honoree. Yvette has been a member of Riverdale Temple since 2010. She joined the Board of Directors in 2011 and at that time became the chair of the Temple’s education committee. She designed and managed a redevelopment of the Temple’s gardens and served for sev-eral years as webmaster of its website, just two of the numerous tasks that she has under-taken as a member of Riverdale Temple. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.023 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE649 May 15, 2018 
What has been especially important to Yvette in her volunteer work at the Temple is the creation of the YIVO Jewish Culture Se-ries, a partnership between the YIVO Institute of Jewish Research and Riverdale Temple. This popular lecture series draws people from the broader Riverdale community and has now become incorporated as an ongoing tradition at Riverdale Temple. In addition, Yvette has been just as active outside the Temple. She earned a Ph.D. in Organizational and Administrative Studies and Special Education from New York University in 1985. Following a career as an educator and school administrator, Yvette became the co- founder of the National Cristina Foundation, a nonprofit charity that in 1984 pioneered the concept of technology reuse to empower peo-ple in need on a national scale. The National Cristina Foundation works to enable people with disabilities, students at risk, and persons in need to gain entry to and achieve full par-ticipation in a digitally connected world. Many thousands of people have benefited from its work, and there are more than 1200 charities in its national partner network. Yvette is mar-ried to Dr. Albert Marrin, the award-winning historian and author of numerous non-fiction history and science books for young adults. Yvette Marrin is most deserving of this fine recognition and honor. I would like to con-gratulate her on receiving this great distinction, and thank her for all she has done in the com-munity. 
f 
WOODY’S WOOD FIRED PIZZA & WATERING HOLE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Woody’s Wood Fired Pizza & Watering Hole for receiving the Golden Ro-tary Ethics in Business Award. The Ethics in Business Award was estab-lished by the Golden Rotary to honor for-profit and non-profit businesses. The recipients of this award must maintain integrity, conviction and possess high ethical standards dem-onstrated by the treatment of customers, em-ployees, the community and the environment. A Golden staple since 1993, Woody’s Wood Fired Pizza & Watering Hole is an example of how a for-profit company benefits its commu-nity with more than just the product they sell. Woody’s contributes to the community through a variety of ways, including donations to med-ical research. Woody’s is also well known for their envi-ronmentally conscience philosophy. Through their waste management program, food composting program, and installation of solar panels, Woody’s leads by example and is a symbol of how to work towards reducing our ecological footprint. To all the employees of Woody’s Wood Fired Pizza & Watering Hole, congratulations on receiving the Golden Rotary Ethics in Busi-ness Award, and I thank them for their contin-ued commitment to our community. RECOGNIZING MORAVIA MIDDLE SCHOOL HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the teachers, students, and adminis-trators that make Moravia Middle School one of the best middle schools in New York State. On May 5, New York State Education Depart-ment officials honored the Moravia Middle School with the ‘‘School to Watch’’ designa-tion, a national distinction recognizing aca-demic and developmental excellence as well as social equity and organizational perform-ance. In 2006, Moravia was among the first schools in New York to achieve a ‘‘School to Watch’’ status. The School to Watch Program recognizes schools that are exemplars for the implementation of the State Education Depart-ment’s Essential Elements of Standards-Fo-cused Middle-Level Schools and Programs. Schools are evaluated on 4 categories: Aca-demic Excellence, Social Equity, Develop-mental Responsiveness, and Organization and Structure. If a school proves it excels in all 4 categories, it is eligible to become a ‘‘School to Watch.’’ Moravia has undergone the rig-orous re-application process, including student interviews, to claim the accolade every three years since 2006. Moravia has earned the prestigious designation four times in 2009, 2012, 2015, and now 2018 for its curriculum, teacher responsiveness, and its unique school organization. I am honored to recognize such an out-standing school in Central New York. The teachers and administrators at Moravia Middle School make their students feel important each day by developing a program that guar-antees every student will have at least one positive interaction with an adult. I am con-fident that the positive experiences inside and outside the classroom at Moravia Middle School will yield continued success for its stu-dents in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF HALINE JULIAN 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th birthday of Haline Julian. On Wednesday, February 28, 2018, Haline Julian of Kennett, Missouri celebrated her 100th birthday with friends, family, and the staff at Kennett OAKS Senior Nutrition Center. Haline met her husband for the first time in 1942. H.M. Julian was twenty-one and had just entered the military when he was set-up with Haline Overall. They drove to Kennett for their first date, and it was on this date that a romance started that would last well over sev-enty years. Haline attended beauty school and after she graduated, opened her own beauty salon. H.M. went to college on the GI bill and re-ceived a degree in Vocational Agriculture. Their family began to grow in 1952 with the birth of their first son Chip, and in 1957 with their daughter Judy. Both children were born at Presnell Hospital in Kennett. The Julian family moved all across Missouri over the years, but Haline has always considered Ken-nett to be their true home. It is with great appreciation and respect I recognize the 100th birthday of Haline Julian today before the United States House of Rep-resentatives. f 
IN MEMORY, REMEMBRANCE, AND CELEBRATION OF DETECTIVE MIOSOTIS P. FAMILIA 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, it is with the utmost respect and solemnity that I recognize and honor the life and service of New York Police Department (NYPD) Detective Miosotis P. Familia. Detective Familia grew up in Washington Heights in Manhattan and began her service with the NYPD in 2005. During her 12-year career she served the City of New York with the 42nd and 46th Precincts in the Bronx. On July 5, 2017, Detective Familia lost her life while on duty in the Bronx in an unrepent-ant criminal act of the highest order. Her fam-ily; her friends; her neighbors; her community members; and her NYPD colleagues recog-nized in every action that Detective Familia was fundamentally good and that she always stood for the benefit and needs of everyone else before her own. Joining the NYPD was a lifelong goal that she fought tirelessly for and never stopped working towards. It is this dedi-cation to public service; this driving motivation to working as hard as possible on behalf of her community exemplifies the American Dream. Detective Familia embodied someone who was selfless and who put the needs of New York City residents first. Shield Number 7370. This number and badge on which is etched are intrinsic to De-tective Familia and fundamental to her person, but reflect one part of her life and legacy. De-tective Familia’s spirit remains in her Mother, her children, her siblings, and extended family. Detective Familia’s legacy lives on through her family and the present and future Officers of the NYPD and New York Dominican Officers Association. Memorialized today among other dedicated public servants and in the company of her loved ones and peers, I want to recog-nize and celebrate Detective Familia. As her daughter Genesis said so beautifully ‘‘My mom, she is protector, defender, guidance counselor, spiritual advisor, philosopher, phi-lanthropist, theorist, and mother.’’ NYPD Commissioner James P. O’Neill, Jr. said ‘‘Your mom’s legacy will never fade from the importance of memory. Your mom made it her mission to make your home, New York City, a better and safer place for everyone.’’ He continued ‘‘And I vow to you, we will con-tinue to find our way forward in her honor, be-cause that’s what cops do.’’ Be it public serv-ice of all forms; joining the esteemed ranks of law enforcement; or as she did with her unique brand of community partnership and engagement, we must honor and stand united 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.027 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE650 May 15, 2018 
in the memory and standard of Detective Familia. 
f 
SHARING STUDENTS’ ‘MARCH FOR OUR LIVES’ REMARKS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on May 9, I came to the Floor and spoke about the March For Our Lives on March 24 and the nine extraor-dinarily poised students in Morristown, New Jersey, who spoke at the rally there, which I attended. Because they were too long to insert into the Record together, I am submitting them individually. I hope my colleagues will read them and internalize the sense of fear in which our nation’s students are living every day—and our responsibility as Members of Congress to do something to address this cri-sis of gun violence. 
MARCH FOROURLIVES’ REMARKS BY CAITLYN  D
EMPSEY  ‘‘Hi. My name is Caitlyn Dempsey, I am a senior at Randolph, NJ. A few weeks ago, in a dark room as my class cowered in the comer, we were taught how to avoid getting sprayed with bullets if a shooter were to break a window. We were given tips on throwing projectiles at the perpetrator. I was in calculus. I should’ve been learning de-rivatives and integrals. Kids debate if they should jump out a win-dow and risk death or broken bones or stay in the classroom if they were accosted by a shooter. Teachers have to decide if they should throw themselves in front of students. Teachers consider what it would mean for them if they had to be trained to use fire-arms. This is what it’s like to be educated in America. We are being prepared for war. Because at the base of it, that is what our society is doing. Our children, from kinder-garten to high school are battle ready. And we should angry about that. This is our future. Our lives are on the line. These teachers, the people we look up to and trust, their lives are on the line. I challenge you to consider how afraid we are. This is not a joke, a ploy, a means to get something done. This is a real, tangible fear that we feel every single day. We talk about it at lunch. In class. On the bus. This is what it’s like to be educated in America. And there’s something wrong with that. As a result, this talented, passionate group of young adults and I have become a force to be reckoned with. However, the assertion that this is a recent movement is incorrect. We have been begging for this since Sandy Hook. Since Columbine. We’re done begging. We demand that our legislators take action to create more comprehensive gun legisla-tion. We assert that it is time for our elected officials to be held accountable for their con-stituents. A good friend of mine recently reminded me that we have been learning that actions speak louder than words since Kindergarten. So we walked out. So we’ve written our con-gressmen. So we planned this March. Now that is what it should be like to be educated in America. Kids standing up for what they believe in, creating a better future for themselves and the next generation. I urge students who feel like they have been wronged to stand up, and speak out. Your voice has been silenced but enough is enough. Thank you so much.’’ f HONORING DEPUTY MICHAEL DOYLE 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroism and bravery of Douglas County Sheriff’s Deputy Michael Doyle. On December 31, 2017, Deputy Doyle responded with fellow law enforcement officers to a do-mestic disturbance call where he was wound-ed in the line of duty. On behalf of myself and the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I would like to express my sincerest apprecia-tion for Deputy Doyle’s service to our commu-nity. I admire his courage and willingness to stand in harm’s way so that the innocent may be protected. Deputy Doyle has committed his life to pro-tecting Coloradans through his service as a Deputy in the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office since 2013. During the incident on December 31st, he re-entered an apartment building in an effort to retrieve fellow Deputy Zackari Parrish after the initial round of gunshots, but was injured by a second round of gunfire. He also performed life-saving actions on fellow Deputy Jeff Pelle after Deputy Pelle had been wounded. As Deputy Doyle now confronts his own physical and emotional healing, he will also carry the burden of knowing that one of his fellow depu-ties didn’t make it away from the incident alive. For a profession that treats each other like family, the loss of a colleague is especially painful. We must never forget the sacrifices paid by our men and women in uniform. Our nation’s law enforcers are vital to the safety of Colo-rado communities. On behalf of the citizens in the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Deputy Doyle. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF VIRGINIA BROWN SWINDLE 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Virginia Brown Swin-dle from Senath, MO. Virginia Brown Swindle was born in Monette, AR. on May 13, 1927, to Robert Edgar Young and Emmaline Qualls Young. She was the second youngest sibling among eight brothers and one sister. Working at Wal-Mart in Kennett for 22 years has kept her young and strong. Throughout her life she has owned a grocery store, drove a truck, been an emergency medical techni-cian (EMT) and a certified nursing assistant, cleaned the Senath Baptist Church, and worked as a greeter at the Wal-Mart in Ken-nett. Virginia worked all her life and until she earned her general educational development (GED) in her forties. After earning her GED, she trained to be an EMT. She bravely utilized this training when she went to work for the Senath nursing home where she was able to utilize her CPR training to save the lives of some of the residents. At the age of ninety-one, retirement isn’t in her sights yet, because she loves working. Vir-ginia loves life and enjoys all of the people she meets as a greeter at the local Kennett Wal-Mart. It is with great appreciation and respect, I honor the life of Virginia Brown Swindle before the United States House of Representatives. f 
HONORING AL HABERGER 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Al Haberger and his serv-ice to Napa County. Mr. Haberger was instru-mental in conserving the natural beauty and character of the Napa Valley by establishing the Napa County Agricultural Preserve, the first of its kind in the nation. The Napa County Agricultural Preserve helped secure the future of Napa County as an internationally renowned grape-growing re-gion. Mr. Haberger had the foresight to recog-nize that without proper protections, Napa’s wine industry would not be able to grow and flourish. It was Mr. Haberger’s determination that led to his idea for an agricultural preserve receiving public attention, and his passion for Napa County that led to its public support. The initial 1968 zoning ordinance protected 23,000 acres of agricultural land from over-development, stretching from Napa to Calistoga. Today, the preserve has grown to 31,609 acres, from which no land has ever been removed. Instead, the ordinance allowed Napa County to grow steadily while balancing the needs of residents, developers, and farm-ers. All of us who enjoy the beauty and open space of Napa County today are indebted to Mr. Haberger’s vision that agriculture is the highest and best use of the land. The agricultural preserve has ensured that Napa County will be an agricultural center of California well into the future, and the contin-ued source of some the finest wines in the na-tion and in the world. In addition, the Napa Valley Agricultural Preserve has led in agricul-tural protection and preservation in California for the last half century, thanks to Mr. Haberger and his efforts. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Haberger is proof that one person can truly make a difference, as he did in helping establish the Napa County Agricul-tural Preserve. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Al Haberger here today. 
f 
HONORING THE POLICE ASSOCIA-TION OF NEW ROCHELLE 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, this year, a very special organization in my district is cele-brating a remarkable milestone. I’d like to take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.028 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE651 May 15, 2018 
a moment to honor that organization, the Po-lice Association of New Rochelle, which will reach its 100th Anniversary in 2018. The New Rochelle PBA has been a vital part of New Rochelle’s rich history since 1918. The organization prides itself on the contribu-tions it has made to the community, both in-side and out of New Rochelle. Whether its dis-tributing free holiday presents to children; do-nating turkeys during Thanksgiving for those in need; visiting sick children in medical facilities; implementing search and rescues programs for those with special needs; making dona-tions to various local and national charities; honoring our veterans; or rehabbing properties for New Rochelle families in need, the New Rochelle PBA has always been there for the community. A 100th Anniversary is a remarkable feat for any organization, let alone one that has been as active and engaged as the New Rochelle PBA. On this wonderful occasion, I would like to send my congratulations to leadership, membership, and supporters of the New Ro-chelle PBA and thank them all for 100 amaz-ing years of service to our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTH-DAY OF TRESSIE ELIZABETH BUTT HUMPHREY 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable 100th birthday of Tressie Elizabeth Butt Humphrey. Tressie was born to Henry Clay Butt and Zelma Jose-phine Slownesky Butt on May 3, 1918. A 1936 graduate of Steelville High School, she married the late Luther Theodore Hum-phrey with whom she shares two children, Lo-retta Mae and Selma Jean, as well as six grandchildren, eighteen great-grandchildren, and nineteen great-great-grandchildren. Tressie is a former teacher of the Slowensky one-room school house, a lifetime member of the Order of the Eastern Star of Missouri, and the owner of a Missouri Century Farm. Tressie has achieved a great milestone in her life by celebrating her 100th birthday. She is a woman of character and is greatly be-loved by all who know her. She has displayed exceptional leadership, contributing greatly to our society throughout her years. For all of these reasons and many more, it is my pleas-ure to recognize Tressie before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WILLIAM ‘‘BILLY’’ LEO 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Mr. Billy Leo, an out-standing public servant of La Joya, Texas. Mr. Leo was born on May 24, 1947 in La-redo, Texas, but lived most of his life as a resident of La Joya, Texas. Mr. Leo led a busy career in public service, first as a member of the La Joya ISD school board, where he would serve as President in 1975 and 1979. Thereafter, he followed the path of his late fa-ther by being elected Mayor of La Joya in 1981. He served in this office until 1986, when he became the Hidalgo Country Clerk until 1994. During this time, he also worked as a delegate to the Democratic National Com-mittee. He took up the role of Mayor of La Joya again from 2003 to 2011. Through his unwavering service to the Democratic Party, citizens and politicians alike began to fondly refer to Leo as ‘‘Mr. Demo-crat.’’ Leo worked tirelessly to bring prosperity and progress to his home community. In 2012, Leo was honored by the Hidalgo County Com-missioners court for his service. Mr. Leo was also a dear friend of former Texas Governor Ann Richards. He received the Ann Richards Award in 2014 for his work as part of the Democratic Party. Mr. Leo is noted as once saying, ‘‘I worked hard and cared for my city. That’s all I want to be remembered for. I was here and I think this is the best city there is.’’ Mr. Leo is survived by his wife, Dr. Filomena Leo; his daughter and son-in-law, Noralisa Leo and Eduardo Herranz of Arling-ton, VA, his son Michael Leo of Palmview, TX, his daughter Lita Leo of La Joya, TX, his son and daughter-in-law Billy Leo Jr. & Anne Leo of Cedar Park, TX, and daughter Letty Leo of Cedar Park, TX; 5 grandchildren; He is also survived by brothers James Leo (Lydia) of Mission, TX; Henry Leo of La Joya, TX; Leo J. Leo Jr. (Martha) of Mission, TX; and sister Nellie Leo of La Joya, TX. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Mr. Billy Leo. f 
HONORING DEPUTY ZACKARI PARRISH 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroism and bravery of Douglas County Sheriff’s Deputy Zackari Parrish. On December 31, 2017, Deputy Parrish re-sponded with fellow law enforcement officers to a domestic disturbance call and subse-quently fell in the line of duty. On behalf of myself and the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I wish to express my deepest admi-ration to him for his sacrifice and my sincerest sympathy to his family, friends, and col-leagues. Deputy Parrish’s bravery on that morning and his attempts to talk down the gunman were lauded by his commanding officers. But sadly, Douglas County lost one of its finest on that day. We can never repay the sacrifice made by Deputy Parrish, but we can commit ourselves to never forget the price he willingly paid for us. Mr. Speaker, I am confident that Deputy Parrish’s courage will live on in the lives of his family members, in the actions of his fellow colleagues, and in the hearts of our Colorado community. I am thankful for the men and women like him who stand up for righteous-ness in this world. HONORING ROBERTA ROBINSON- FRAZIER HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, It is my great honor to recognize an individual who has served her community with great distinction for many years, both personally and profes-sionally, Ms. Roberta Robinson-Frazier. Roberta taught elementary school in NYC public schools for 35 years and served as a Legislative Aide to my friend and colleague in government, Assemblyman J. Gary Pretlow. She currently serves on the Community Advi-sory Board of Rockland Community Mental Health Center—Yonkers, Inc. and is co-ward leader of the 3rd Ward of the Yonkers Demo-cratic Party. Roberta is also a member of the Black Women’s Political Caucus of West-chester, WESPAC, and the Yonkers branch of the NAACP. She was secretary of the Hudson River Community Association for many years and has served on the boards of the YWCA and the South Yonkers Youth Council. Roberta’s work has been recognized by a wide-array of civic organizations. She received the Humanitarian Award from the Yonkers YWCA, the NYCLU Myron Isaacs Community Service Award, the Martin Luther King Drum Major Award for community activism, and was an honorary Grand Marshall of the Yonkers African-American Heritage Festival. This year, Philipse Manor Hall in Yonkers is honoring Roberta with their 2018 Patron Saints of Yonkers Award. The honor is well- deserved. On this special occasion, I’d like to extend my congratulations to Roberta and thank her for all she has done to better our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION AGENTS AND OFFICERS 
HON. MARTHA McSALLY 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, the mission of U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is broad and diverse. The men and women of CBP protect our borders at and between ports of entry; they protect the American people against terrorists and the instruments of terror; and, they enforce the laws of the United States while fostering our Nation’s economic security through lawful cross-border commerce and travel. CBP employees provide selfless service to their nation and they do so with honor and distinction under an everpresent threat. I would like to pay tribute to the agents and officers who lost their lives in the service of our Nation. We owe them more than a tribute on this day, but our gratitude begins with that. 
Lawrence B. Pierce; Supervisory Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Border Patrol; Chula Vista, California; End of Watch: August 17, 1995. James P. Epling; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Yuma, Ari-zona; End of Watch: December 16, 2003. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.032 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE652 May 15, 2018 
Travis W. Attaway; Senior Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Har-lingen, Texas; End of Watch: September 19, 2004. Jeremy M. Wilson, Senior Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Har-lingen, Texas; End of Watch: September 19, 2004. George B. Debates; Senior Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Casa Grande, Arizona; End of Watch: December 19, 2004. Nicholas D. Greenig; Senior Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Tuc-son, Arizona; End of Watch: March 14, 2006. David N. Webb; Senior Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Ajo, Ari-zona; End of Watch: November 3, 2006. Ramon Nevarez, Jr.; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Lordsburg, New Mexico; End of Watch: March 15, 2007. David J. Tourscher; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Lordsburg, New Mexico; End of Watch: March 16, 2007. Clinton B. Thrasher; Air Interdiction Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; McAllen, Texas; End of Watch: April 25, 2007. Richard Goldstein; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Indio, California; End of Watch: May 11, 2007. Robert F. Smith; Air Interdiction Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; El Paso, Texas; End of Watch: May 22, 2007. Eric N. Cabral; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Boulevard, California; End of Watch: July 26, 2007. Julio E. Baray; Air Interdiction Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; El Paso, Texas; End of Watch: September 24, 2007. Luis A. Aguilar; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Yuma, Ari-zona; End of Watch: January 19, 2008. Jarod C. Dittman; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; San Diego, California; End of Watch: March 30, 2008. Nathaniel A. Afolayan; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Artesia, New Mexico; End of Watch: May 1, 2009. Cruz C. McGuire; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Del Rio, Texas; End of Watch: May 21, 2009. Robert W. Rosas, Jr.; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Campo, California; End of Watch: July 23, 2009. Mark F. Van Doren; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Falfurrias, Texas; End of Watch: May 24, 2010. Charles F. Collins II; CBP Officer; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Anchorage, Alaska; End of Watch: August 15, 2010. Michael V. Gallagher; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Casa Grande, Arizona; End of Watch: Sep-tember 2, 2010. John R. Zykas; CBP Officer; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; San Diego, Cali-fornia; End of Watch: September 8, 2010. Brian A. Terry; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Naco Cochise, Arizona; End of Watch: December 15, 2010. Hector R. Clark; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Yuma, Ari-zona; End of Watch: May 12, 2011. Eduardo Rojas, Jr.; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Yuma, Arizona; End of Watch: May 12, 2011. Leopoldo Cavazos, Jr.; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Fort Hancock, Texas; End of Watch: July 6, 2012. James R. Dominguez; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Cline, Texas; End of Watch: July 19, 2012. Jeffrey Ramirez; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Laredo, Texas; End of Watch: September 15, 2012. Nicholas J. Ivie; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Bisbee, Ari-zona; End of Watch: October 2, 2012. David R. Delaney; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Big Bend National Park, Texas; End of Watch: November 2, 2012. Darrell J. Windhaus; CBP Officer; U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection; Brownsville, Texas; End of Watch: December 29, 2013. Alexander I. Giannini; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Benson, Arizona; End of Watch: May 28, 2014. Javier Vega, Jr.; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Santa Monica, Texas; End of Watch: August 3, 2014. Tyler R. Robledo; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Carrizo Springs, Texas; End of Watch: September 12, 2014. Jose D. Barraza; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Sierra Blan-ca, Texas; End of Watch: April 18, 2016. Manuel A. Alvarez; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; Casa Grande, Arizona; End of Watch: August 11, 2016. David Gomez; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; El Paso, Texas; End of Watch: November 16, 2016. Isaac Morales; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; El Paso, Texas; End of Watch: May 24, 2017. Rogelio Martinez; Border Patrol Agent; U.S. Customs and Border Protection; El Paso, Texas; End of Watch: November 19, 2017. f 
RECOGNIZING PRESIDING JUDGE GEORGE B. DANIELS 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize and extend my sincerest wishes to Presiding Judge George B. Daniels of the United States District Court of Southern Dis-trict in New York on the occasion of his 65th birthday and life of service. Judge Daniels began his legal career as a criminal defense attorney for the Legal Aid So-ciety of New York, one of the oldest non-profit providers of legal aid across the nation. Judge Daniels earned his Bachelor of Arts degree in American Studies from Yale University in 1975. In 1978, obtained a law degree from the University of California, Berkeley. Among other accomplishments in a distinguished career, in February of 2000, he was appointed to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, where he serves today. Judge Daniels is an adjunct Professor at Brooklyn Law School, serves on numerous boards and commissions and is engaged with many law and professional organizations. The members of New York’s legal community are grateful for his service and are inspired by his lifelong contributions towards strengthening our judicial system to protect and uphold the rights and liberties of all Americans. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Judge George B. Daniels for his life-time of public service and to wish him a memorable 65th birthday. HONORING DEPUTY TAYLOR DAVIS HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroism and bravery of Douglas County Sheriff’s Deputy Taylor Davis. On De-cember 31, 2017, Deputy Davis responded with fellow law enforcement officers to a do-mestic disturbance call where she was wound-ed in the line of duty. On behalf of myself and the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I would like to express my sincerest apprecia-tion for Deputy Davis’ service to our commu-nity. I admire her courage and willingness to stand in harm’s way so that the innocent may be protected. Deputy Davis has committed her life to pro-tecting Americans through her service in the San Diego Sheriff’s Office, the Black Hawk Police Department, and then the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office. During the incident on December 31st Dep-uty Davis received gunshot wounds from a gunman who had barricaded himself inside an apartment complex. As Deputy Davis now confronts her own physical and emotional healing, she will also carry the burden of knowing that one of her fellow deputies didn’t make it away from the incident alive. For a profession that treats each other like family, the loss of a colleague is especially painful. We must never forget the sacrifices paid by our men and women in uniform. Our nation’s law enforcers are vital to the safety of Colo-rado communities. On behalf of the citizens of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Deputy Davis. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND COMMENDING DR. ROBERT UNDERWOOD FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE ISLAND ON HIS RETIREMENT AS PRESIDENT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF GUAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend Dr. Robert A. Underwood for his service to the people of Guam as the 10th President of the University of Guam. Robert has served as the longest president of the university and retired on May 4, 2018. Robert was born in Guam in 1948 and edu-cated in Guam and California. He was my predecessor here in Congress, and rep-resented our island in this House during the 103rd to 107th Congresses from 1993 to 2003. Robert’s career has been one of exceptional service to our island and people. He became the 10th President of the University of Guam on May 19, 2008 and has since implemented numerous initiatives over the past decade. Upon becoming the l0th President, Robert re-fined the institution’s mission to ‘‘Ina, Diskubre, Setbe’’, to transform UOG to the age of globalization, sustainability, and per-formance improvements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.036 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE653 May 15, 2018 
Robert led the University of Guam to re-ceive a record eight years of accreditation in 2008, and resulting in another record 8 years of accreditation in 2016. During his tenure as president, enrollment at the University of Guam increased by 16 percent and graduation rates improved by 5.5 percent. Numerous un-dergraduate and graduate degree programs were implemented, as well as financial assist-ance opportunities to attend the University and for off-island travel through student exchange programs or short-term activities to expand and improve the student experience. Robert led the effort to improve financial account-ability which resulted in the University being designated as a federal low-risk auditee from 2008 through 2011 and 2015 through 2017. He guided an aggressive fundraising effort for the capital improvements campaign through the UOG Endowment Foundation which currently totals over $3 million. Robert established the Research Corporation of the University of Guam (RCUOG) to create an ef-ficient and effective environment to support management of its federal grants portfolio and today provides support to the 84 different grants and contract projects equating to $12.3 million. He ensured engagement with the Guam Open Research & Education Exchange (GOREX) initiative to expand UOG’s techno-logical capabilities and outreach with the Re-gion, Asia, Australia, Hawaii, and mainland United States. Additionally, Robert established the Presi-dent Lecture Series as a way for leaders to speak with students regarding unique or highly visible topics, and where students and the is-land community can dialog and grow from the experience. He reinstituted the Triton Athletics Program through the new Athletics Director to increase student recruitment. Robert also led UOG Green strategic initiatives and conducted nine annual UOG Regional Conferences on Is-land Sustainability to address local, regional, and global matters in areas of responsible en-vironmental stewardship, strong economic de-velopment, and social progress and well- being. Robert made many indelible contributions to the University of Guam and our community at large. On behalf of the people of Guam, I con-gratulate Dr. Robert A. Underwood on his vast accomplishments and service to Guam. I ex-tend my sincere gratitude to Robert’s five chil-dren, two grandchildren and his wife, former Guam Senator Nerissa Bretania Underwood for their support of Robert throughout the years. Again, I thank Robert for his leadership in moving our island forward, and I look for-ward to many more years of service for the people of Guam. 
f 
HONORING JOANNE ROBINSON- BOETTCHER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true public servant, Ms. Joanne Rob-inson-Boettcher, an individual who through her personal and professional work has left an in-delible mark on her community and the people who live in it. Joanne was a New York City schoolteacher, a public relations specialist at General Foods, and an independent image consultant on in-dustrial television projects. She currently serves on the Board of Directors of Peace Ac-tion New York State and is a member of the Black Women’s Political Caucus of West-chester and the Yonkers branch of the NAACP. She has also served as a co-chair of Women of Westchester, a delegate to the UN for Peace Action International and has served on numerous boards, including My Sisters’ Place, WESPAC, and the Friends of Philipse Manor Hall. As if this resume wasn’t impressive enough, in 1990 Joanne was named Woman of the Year for Westchester County, and has also been an honorary Grand Marshall of the Yon-kers African-American Heritage Festival. She was the recipient of the Alice C. Scott Award for Dedicated Community Leadership, the Martin Luther King Drum Major Award for community activism, and the NYCLU Myron Isaacs Community Service Award. In short, Joanne Robinson-Boettcher has done a tremendous amount of wonderful work to better our world. This year, the Friends of Philipse Manor Hall in Yonkers is honoring Jo-anne with their 2018 Patron Saints of Yonkers award. They have chosen a terrific honoree. Congratulations to Joanne on receiving this well-deserved honor. f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CZECHOSLOVAKIA AND THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF ES-TABLISHMENT OF THE CZECH AND SLOVAK REPUBLICS 
HON. EMANUEL CLEAVER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate two significant anniversaries for two of America’s closest allies. One hundred years ago, Czechoslovakia was formed through the Pittsburgh Agreement following the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire at the end of World War I. Additionally, this year marks the twenty-fifth anniversary of Czechoslovakia, from what many refer to as the ‘‘Velvet Revolution of 1989’’ or the ‘‘Gentle Revolution,’’ peacefully becoming two demo-cratic countries by mutual consent: the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic on January 1, 1993. The Pittsburgh Agreement and the Velvet or Gentle Revolution, whichever you prefer, are monumental events for these great nations as it opened the door for democracy and prosperity for the people of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire. During their brief history as independent, democratic nations, both the Czech Republic and Slovak Republic have formally become members of the European Union, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the United Nations, showcasing their commitment to democracy through institutional participation and military cooperation in NATO missions around the globe. Let it also be known that the Czech Repub-lic has a local tie to Missouri’s Fifth Congres-sional District. When applying for admission into NATO, the Czech Republic had the official documents signed at the Truman Presidential Library in Independence, Missouri. Visiting dip-lomats from the Czech and Slovakian govern-ments will gather again May 15–16, 2018 in Kansas City for a diplomatic luncheon and to commemorate the anniversary of the Czecho-slovakian Declaration of Independence, which officially created the nation state of Czecho-slovakia in 1918. Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of Mis-souri’s Fifth Congressional District in express-ing our sincerest congratulations to the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic for their monumental achievements in independence and their tireless efforts in promoting democ-racy, not only within their borders, but through-out the world. I urge all of my colleagues and fellow citizens across the country to join me in showing our appreciation to these two great nations and their commitment to continued friendship with the United States and democ-racies everywhere. f 
HONRING OFFICER THOMAS O’DONNELL 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the heroism and bravery of Castle Rock Police Department Officer Thomas O’Donnell. On December 31, 2017, Officer O’Donnell responded with fellow law enforce-ment officers to a domestic disturbance call where he was wounded in the line of duty. On behalf of myself and the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I would like to express my sincerest appreciation for Officer O’Donnell’s service to our community. I admire his cour-age and willingness to stand in harm’s way so that the innocent may be protected. Officer O’Donnell has committed his life to protecting citizens through his service in law enforcement for the past 17 years, including his work for the Castle Rock Police Depart-ment since 2008. He also serves as an Entry Team Leader on the Douglas County Regional SWAT Team. During the incident on December 31st, Offi-cer O’Donnell received gunshot wounds from a gunman who had barricaded himself inside an apartment complex. As Officer O’Donnell confronts his own physical and emotional healing, he will also carry the burden of know-ing that one of his fellow law enforcement offi-cers did not make it away from the incident alive. For a profession that treats each other like family, the loss of a colleague is especially painful. We must never forget the sacrifices paid by our men and women in uniform. Our nation’s law enforcers are vital to the safety of Colo-rado communities. On behalf of the citizens of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, I extend my best wishes and deepest gratitude to Officer O’Donnell. 
f 
COMMEMORATING NATIONAL POLICE WEEK 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Law Enforcement Caucus and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.040 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE654 May 15, 2018 
the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Se-curity, and Investigations, I rise to commemo-rate National Police Week, which runs from May 13 through May 19. It is altogether fitting and proper that we do this. The National Law Enforcement Officers Me-morial is the nation’s monument to law en-forcement officers who have died in the line of duty. Dedicated on October 15, 1991, the Memo-rial honors federal, state and local law en-forcement officers who have made the ulti-mate sacrifice for the safety and protection of our nation and its people. Carved on its walls are the names of 21,541 officers who have been killed in the line of duty throughout U.S. history, dating back to the first known death in 1791. Added to the Wall this year will be the names of the 129 police officers killed in the line of duty in 2017. Mr. Speaker, enshrined on the Memorial Wall of Honor also are the names of 1,731 fallen peace officers from the state of Texas, the most of any state, including 115 members of the Houston Police Department who gave their lives to keep their city safe. Mr. Speaker, today there are more than 900,000 law enforcement personnel serving the people of our country, the highest amount ever. About 12 percent of them are female. These brave men and women risk their lives to keep the peace and keep us safe but they are too often taken by the violence they are working to prevent. Every year, a law enforcement officer is killed somewhere in the United States every 58 hours, and there are also 58,627 assaults against our law officers each year, resulting in 16,667 injuries. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent the people of the 18th Congressional District of Texas in paying tribute to the 129 fallen he-roes who will be joining the 21,541 gallant men and women who gave the last full meas-ure of devotion to the communities they took an oath to protect and serve. Among those fallen Texans are Sergeant Steve Albert Perez of the Houston Police De-partment whose watch ended on September 7, 2017, when he drowned answering the call of service during the severe flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey; and Assistant Chief Deputy Clinton Greenwood of Harris County Constable Office, Precinct 3, whose watch ended April 3, 2017 when he was ambushed when he arrived to work at the Baytown, Texas Courthouse. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a moment of silence in memory of the 129 officers whose names will be added to the National Peace Officers Memorial Wall of Honor. 
HOUSTON LAWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS  M
EMORIALIZED ON THE WALL OF HONOR  1. Timothy Scott Abernethy; End of Watch: December 7, 2008; Houston, Texas, P.D. 2. Charles H Baker; End of Watch: August 16, 1979; Houston, Texas, P.D. 3. Johnny Terrell Bamsch; End of Watch: January 30, 1975; Houston, Texas, P.D. 4. Claude R Beck; End of Watch: December 10, 1971; Houston, Texas, P.D. 5. Jack B Beets; End of Watch: March 30, 1955; Houston, Texas, P.D. 6. Troy A Blando; End of Watch: May 19, 1999; Houston, Texas, P.D. 7. James Charles Boswell; End of Watch: December 9, 1989; Houston, Texas, P.D. 8. C E Branon; End of Watch: March 20, 1959; Houston, Texas, P.D. 9. John M Cain; End of Watch: August 3, 1911; Houston, Texas, P.D. 10. Richard H Calhoun; End of Watch: Octo-ber 10, 1975; Houston, Texas, Police Depart-ment 11. Dionicio M Camacho; End of Watch: Oc-tober 23, 2009; Harris County, Texas, S.O. 12. Henry Canales; End of Watch: June 23, 2009; Houston, Texas, P.D. 13. Frank Manuel Cantu Jr; End of Watch: March 25, 2004; Houston, Texas, P.D. 14. E C Chavez; End of Watch: September 17, 1925; Houston, Texas, P.D. 15. Charles Roy Clark; End of Watch: April 3, 2003; Houston, Texas, P.D. 16. Charles Robert Coates II; End of Watch: February 23, 1983; Houston, Texas, P.D. 17. Pete Corrales; End of Watch: January 25, 1925; Houston, Texas, P.D. 18. Rufus E Daniels; End of Watch: August 23, 1917; Houston, Texas, P.D. 19. Johnnie Davidson; End of Watch: Feb-ruary 19, 1921; Houston, Texas, P.D. 20. Worth Davis; End of Watch: June 17, 1928; Houston, Texas, P.D. 21. Keith Alan Dees; End of Watch: March 7, 2002; Houston, Texas, P.D. 22. Reuben Becerra Deleon Jr; End of Watch: October 26, 2005; Houston, Texas, P.D. 23. William Edwin Deleon; End of Watch: March 29, 1982; Houston, Texas, P.D. 24. Floyd T Deloach Jr; End of Watch: June 30, 1965; Houston, Texas, P.D. 25. George D Edwards; End of Watch: June 30, 1939; Houston, Texas, P.D. 26. Dawn Suzanne Erickson; End of Watch: December 24, 1995; Houston, Texas, P.D. 27. J C Etheridge; End of Watch: August 23, 1924; Houston, Texas, P.D. 28. James E Fenn; End of Watch: March 14, 1891; Houston, Texas, P.D. 29. E D Fitzgerald; End of Watch: Sep-tember 30, 1930; Houston, Texas, P.D. 30. C Edward Foley; End of Watch: March 10, 1860; Houston, Texas, P.D. 31. Joseph Robert Free; End of Watch: Oc-tober 18, 1912; Houston, Texas, P.D. 32. Guy P Gaddis; End of Watch: January 31, 1994; Houston, Texas, P.D. 33. James T Gambill; End of Watch: De-cember 1, 1936; Houston, Texas, P.D. 34. Florentino M Garcia Jr; End of Watch: November 10, 1989; Houston, Texas, P.D. 35. Ben Eddie Gerhart; End of Watch: June 26, 1968; Houston, Texas, P.D. 36. G Q Gonzalez; End of Watch: February 28, 1960; Houston, Texas, P.D. 37. Charles R Gougenheim; End of Watch: April 30, 1955; Houston, Texas, P.D. 38. Carl Greene; End of Watch: March 14, 1928; Houston, Texas, P.D. 39. Leon Griggs; End of Watch: January 31, 1970; Houston, Texas, P.D. 40. Maria Michelle Groves; End of Watch: April 10, 1987; Houston, Texas, P.D. 41. Gary Allen Gryder; End of Watch: June 29, 2008; Houston, Texas, P.D. 42. Antonio Guzman Jr; End of Watch: Jan-uary 9, 1973; Houston, Texas, P.D. 43. Howard B Hammond; End of Watch: Au-gust 18, 1946; Houston, Texas, P.D. 44. James Donald Harris; End of Watch: July 13, 1982; Houston, Texas, P.D. 45. David Michael Healy; End of Watch: No-vember 12, 1994; Houston, Texas, P.D. 46. Timothy A Hearn; End of Watch: June 8, 1978; Houston, Texas, P.D. 47. Oscar Hope; End of Watch: June 22, 1929; Houston, Texas, P.D. 48. Elston M Howard; End of Watch: July 20, 1988; Houston, Texas, P.D. 49. David Huerta; End of Watch: September 19, 1973; Houston, Texas, P.D. 50. James Bruce Irby; End of Watch: June 27, 1990; Houston, Texas, P.D. 51. Bobby L James; End of Watch: June 26, 1968; Houston, Texas, P.D. 52. John C James; End of Watch: December 12, 1901; Houston, Texas, P.D. 53. Rodney Joseph Johnson; End of Watch: September 21, 2006; Houston, Texas, P.D. 54. Ed Jones; End of Watch: September 13, 1929; Houston, Texas, P.D. 55. P P Jones; End of Watch: January 30, 1927; Houston, Texas, P.D. 56. Frank L Kellogg; End of Watch: Novem-ber 30, 1955; Houston, Texas, P.D. 57. S A Buster Kent; End of Watch: Janu-ary 12, 1954; Houston, Texas, P.D. 58. James F Kilty; End of Watch: April 8, 1976; Houston, Texas, P.D. 59. Kent Dean Kincaid; End of Watch: May 23, 1998; Houston, Texas, P.D. 60. Louis R Kuba; End of Watch: May 17, 1967; Houston, Texas, P.D. 61. J D Landry; End of Watch: December 3, 1930; Houston, Texas, P.D. 62. Robert Wayne Lee; End of Watch: Janu-ary 31, 1971; Houston, Texas, P.D. 63. Fred Maddox Jr; End of Watch: Feb-ruary 24, 1954; Houston, Texas, P.D. 64. Eydelmen Mani; End of Watch: May 19, 2010; Houston, Texas, P.D. 65. A P Marshall; End of Watch: November 8, 1937; Houston, Texas, P.D. 66. Charles R McDaniel; End of Watch: Au-gust 4, 1963; Houston, Texas, P.D. 67. E G Meinke; End of Watch: August 23, 1917; Houston, Texas, P.D. 68. Harry Mereness; End of Watch: October 18, 1933; Houston, Texas, P.D. 69. Noel R Miller; End of Watch: June 6, 1958; Houston, Texas, P.D. 70. Kenneth L Moody; End of Watch: No-vember 26, 1969; Houston, Texas, P.D. 71. Horace Moody; End of Watch: August 23, 1917; Houston, Texas, P.D. 72. William Moss; End of Watch: September 12, 1983; Houston Airport Police, Texas. 73. Dave Murdock; End of Watch: June 27, 1921; Houston, Texas, P.D. 74. William E Murphy; End of Watch: April 1, 1910; Houston, Texas, P.D. 75. David Franklin Noel; End of Watch: June 17, 1972; Houston, Texas, P.D. 76. M E Palmer; End of Watch: March 24, 1938; Houston, Texas, P.D. 77. Isaac Parson; End of Watch: May 24, 1914; Houston, Texas, P.D. 78. Ross Patton; End of Watch: August 23, 1917; Houston, Texas, P.D. 79. Stephen Albert Perez; End of Watch: August 27, 2017; Houston, Texas, P.D. 80. W B Phares; End of Watch: September 30, 1930; Houston, Texas, P.D. 81. Herbert N Planer; End of Watch: Feb-ruary 18, 1965; Houston, Texas, P.D. 82. Ira Raney; End of Watch: August 23, 1917; Houston, Texas, P.D. 83. Winston J Rawlings; End of Watch: March 29, 1982; Houston, Texas, P.D. 84. Jerry Lawrence Riley; End of Watch: June 18, 1974; Houston, Texas, P.D. 85. John Charles Risley; End of Watch: Oc-tober 23, 2000; Harris County, Texas, S.O. 86. Sandra Ann Robbins; End of Watch: March 17, 1991; South Houston, Texas, P.D. 87. George G Rojas; End of Watch: January 28, 1976; Houston, Texas, P.D. 88. Michael P Roman; End of Watch: Janu-ary 6, 1994; Houston, Texas, P.D. 89. John Anthony Salvaggio; End of Watch: November 25, 1990; Houston, Texas, P.D. 90. Louis L Sander; End of Watch: January 21, 1967; Houston, Texas, P.D. 91. Jeffery Scott Sanford; End of Watch: September 14, 1991; Harris County, Texas, S.O. 92. Kathleen C Schaefer; End of Watch: Au-gust 18, 1982; Houston, Texas, P.D. 93. Robert Schultea; End of Watch: August 25, 1956; Houston, Texas, P.D. 94. Daryl Wayne Shirley; End of Watch: April 28, 1982; Houston, Texas, P.D. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.044 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE655 May 15, 2018 
95. Richard Snow; End of Watch: March 17, 1882; Houston, Texas, P.D. 96. Bruno David Soboleski; End of Watch: April 12, 1991; Houston, Texas, P.D. 97. Jerry Leon Spruill; End of Watch: Octo-ber 27, 1972; Houston, Texas, P.D. 98. R H Sullivan; End of Watch: March 9, 1935; Houston, Texas, P.D. 99. John W Suttle; End of Watch: August 3, 1959; Houston, Texas, P.D. 100. Cuong Huy Trinh; End of Watch: April 6, 1997; Houston, Texas, P.D. 101. Alberto Vasquez; End of Watch: May 22, 2001; Houston, Texas, P.D. 102. James T Walker; End of Watch: March 8, 1963; Houston, Texas, P.D. 
103. Victor R Wells III; End of Watch: October 2, 1980; Houston, Texas, P.D. 
104. R O Wells; End of Watch: July 30, 1927; Houston, Texas, P.D. 105. Albert Charles Wilkins; End of Watch: January 6, 1978; Harris County, Texas, C.O. 
106. Kevin Scott Will; End of Watch: May 29, 2011; Houston, Texas, P.D. 
107. Henry Williams; End of Watch: Feb-ruary 8, 1886; Houston, Texas, P.D. 108. William C Williams Jr; End of Watch: April 16, 1930; Harris County, Texas, S.O. 109. Edd Williams; End of Watch: January 12, 1974; Harris County, Texas, S.O. 110. James Franklin Willis; End of Watch: July 1, 1964; Houston, Texas, P.D. 111. Marvin Alton Winter; End of Watch: December 4, 1937; Harris County, Texas, C.O., Pct. 4. 112. Andrew Winzer; End of Watch: Feb-ruary 18, 1988; Houston, Texas, P.D. 113. Jeter Young; End of Watch: June 19, 1921; Houston, Texas, P.D. 114. Herman Youngst; End of Watch: De-cember 12, 1901; Houston, Texas, P.D. 115. Joe A Zamarron; End of Watch: April 18, 1981; Houston, Texas, P.D. f 
NUCLEAR WASTE POLICY AMENDMENTS ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 10, 2018 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3053) to amend the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, and for other purposes. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Office of the Gov-ernor of Nevada in support of House Amend-ment No. 3. 
OFFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , May 9, 2018. D
EAR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , As the House of Representa-tives prepares to vote on the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2018, H.R. 3053, I write as I have done previously, to reiterate the firm and consistent position of the State of Nevada on the proposed Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository. My position, and that of the State of Ne-vada, remains identical to my previous let-ters to the House Energy and Commerce Committee, Subcommittee on Environment, in May 2015, January 2016, April 2016, and April 2017: the State of Nevada opposes the project based on scientific, technical, and legal merits. And as I have reminded mem-bers of this body on previous occasions, under the Nuclear Waste Policy Act (NWPA) of 1982, only the Governor is empowered to consult with the Federal government on matters related to the siting of a nuclear waste repository. In the past thirteen months as H.R. 3053 moved through subcommittee and com-mittee, Members of Nevada’s congressional delegation have communicated our specific concerns about the provisions of the bill. The full committee responded by eliminating the unwise and likely unconstitutional proposals to usurp Nevada’s jurisdiction over water re-sources and air quality. Nonetheless, our pri-mary objection remains the fundamentally flawed adherence to the 1987 NWPA amend-ments that unfairly and without scientific justification singled out Nevada as the only state where a proposed nuclear waste reposi-tory is being considered. The bill continues the truncation of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s (NRC) licensing proceeding in ways that would limit Nevada’s ability to protect public health and safety and the en-vironment. Yucca Mountain is an unsuitable site for a high-level nuclear waste repository because of its geology and hydrology. Fractured rock above and below the repository tunnels would allow highly corrosive oxidizing groundwater to transport dangerous radio-active material from the waste packages into the water table, where they would be transported to an aquifer from which water is used for a variety of purposes. In 2009, the NRC licensing boards admitted 218 Nevada contentions, supported by over one thousand pages of documentation that challenged the safety and environmental impacts of the DOE license application. If the NRC process is restarted, Nevada will fully adjudicate these contentions through trial-like hearings and cross-examination of expert witnesses. Nevada intends to prevail in this process, which could take five years and $2 billion to complete, and which will inevitably be fol-lowed by years of litigation. H.R. 3053 continues to ignore the primary recommendation of the Blue Ribbon Com-mission on America’s Nuclear Future, a con-sent-based siting process for a repository, and again singles out Nevada as the nation’s only repository. As I have stated before, if the Congress had embraced such a process when my predecessor, Governor Kenny Guinn, vetoed the selection of Yucca Moun-tain 16 years ago, we would today be closer to a long-term solution for managing the na-tion’s spent nuclear fuel and high-level ra-dioactive waste. As a nation, we should be able to do better than simply repeating this failed exercise, wasting billions of ratepayer and taxpayer dollars, trying once again to force an unsafe site on an unwilling State. Sincere regards, BRIAN SANDOVAL , Governor. f 
BERNADA BAKER AND PAUL WALL 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, what do a university teacher and a star hip-hop artist have in common? They both care deeply for a young girl named Bella. Giving back to others comes naturally to Bernada Baker. As a faculty member at Texas Southern University, she shapes and molds her students, encouraging them to think ‘‘out-side the box’’ not only about their academic work but also about their professional and per-sonal lives. She is the founder of the Princess Within, a foundation dedicated to empowering young women and giving them the tools nec-essary to believe in themselves and achieve success as professionals, students, and friends. But her latest act of generosity tops all of her previous charity. The devastation of Hurricane Harvey ren-dered Bella, an innocent infant, and her father homeless after the terrible storm swept away the car that had been serving as their living space. Desperate for help, her father put out a plea on social media for aid in caring for his young daughter. Baker happened to see his post and volun-teered to help babysit the infant. She reached out to some of her friends and managed to raise a modest sum of money to purchase some clothes and crib for her. She was, as she said, ‘‘just trying to help.’’ Baker eventually took Bella into her home as her father began to search for employment. As the days passed by, Baker grew to love the young girl and eventually found that she wanted to adopt her to be her own daughter. Bella’s father agreed—it was in his daughter’s best interest for her to be under Baker’s care and thus consented to transfer his parental rights. The adoption process is long and expen-sive, and Baker found it difficult to raise the money required to officially bring Bella into her family. Cue Paul Slayton, better known by his stage name Paul Wall as one of the most renowned hip-hop artists to come out of Houston. He heard about Baker and Bella, and he thought back to the kindness shown to him by his stepfather growing up, who decided to adopt him after his biological father rejected him. Thus, he decided to come to Baker and Bella’s aid. In conjunction with Cricket Wireless’s foun-dation, Cricket Cares, he surprised Baker with several gifts for Bella and a check for $5,000 to help her pay to complete the adoption proc-ess. Mr. Speaker, the largesse of Bernada Baker and Paul Wall is an exceptional demonstration of the Golden Rule, and their kindness and love for Bella help make America the great country that it is today. And that is just the way it is. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PASTOR KENT MATTOX AND HIS STAFF SERV-ICE TO THE FREEDOM RIDER CELEBRATION 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Pastor Kent and Beverly Mattox and his staff at Word Alive International Outreach church in Calhoun County during the Freedom Riders celebration in Anniston on May 5, 2018. Word Alive International Outreach was founded in December of 2000. Pastor Kent and his staff went above and beyond measure to help make the celebration a huge success. Their hospitality and service to the community was amazing. It is great people like them that make the difference in servitude. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.046 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE656 May 15, 2018 
All in all, they made the celebration even more special for all who attended. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing and thanking Pastor Kent Mattox and the Word Alive staff. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MIS-SISSIPPI’S FIRST GOLD STAR MEMORIAL 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to announce the unveiling of a new monument in my district, the first of its kind in Mississippi. Today, at the Armed Forces Museum, located at Camp Shelby, a Gold Star Memorial will be introduced to beloved families and friends of our Gold Star veterans, while military officers, dignitaries, elected officials, and others take a first look at this worthy and timely piece of art, history, and honor. Fortunately, the state of Mississippi, espe-cially my Congressional District, is comprised of thousands of citizens who support and de-fend American values, including a powerful, respected, highly trained military fighting force. Our Gold Star families are special to us. Many would agree that a soldier who gives his or her life in service is the ultimate citizen; however, we must also know that those who support that soldier at home deserve recogni-tion, too. The sacrifices of the home-front exist in partnership with the service member’s com-mitment to ‘‘protect and defend this nation against enemies, both foreign and domestic.’’ Approximately 1,100 Gold Star families reside in Mississippi, and the list has grown by nearly 400 names since the Gulf War. They all de-serve to be remembered. The location of the first Gold Star Memorial in Mississippi reflects our deep history of mili-tary service and sacrifice. Since World War I, Camp Shelby has served as one of America’s most respected training and mobilization sites for various military branches. It was the sec-ond largest training facility during World War II, and has served as a major training installa-tion ever since. I am proud to be part of the Camp Shelby legacy myself, as well as the U. S. Representative for thousands of families associated with this historic location. Five Gold Star Memorials will be placed at various points around Mississippi, to include Meridian, Tupelo, the Jackson area, and the Gulf Coast. I am grateful to be part of the un-veiling at Camp Shelby, in Mississippi’s Fight-ing Fourth Congressional District. 
f 
CHILDPROOF AMERICA 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 15, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, human traf-ficking is a plague on our city, town and na-tion. It is a menace to our society and must not be tolerated. Fortunately, we have out-standing organizations brave enough to bring awareness to this horrific crime. Childproof America is a non-profit located in Houston, Texas and founded by Kelly Litvak. Although Kelly has always had a heart for helping at-risk youth, her calling to found Childproof America was inspired by her fam-ily’s own experience with human trafficking and the resulting impact it had on their lives. The Litvak’s were what you would consider the stereotypical ‘‘all-American’’ family. They lived in an upscale suburban community in Houston, Texas, with top ranked schools. In 2007, Kelly released a faith-based book titled, ‘‘Tools 4 Teens’’, which focused on teen issues to help them navigate through some of the most challenging times in life. The book was translated into a classroom curriculum in 2008, and the nonprofit Tools 4 Life was formed. Countless juvenile’s lives were trans-formed through a partnership formed with Har-ris County Juvenile Probation. The stories of misguided youth were often a story at the din-ner table for the Litvaks. But Mr. Speaker, no family is immune to human trafficking. Kelly’s daughter, Courtney, was a popular student in Katy ISD. In 2016, Courtney was approached by a fellow peer who was a well- known basketball player. But, Mr. Speaker, it wasn’t an innocent high school friendship. The student lured Courtney into a local sex traf-ficking ring. When the Litvaks realized what had happened to their daughter, they quickly took action, ushering her out of the state for a few months, trying to protect their daughter from her traffickers. When she returned home to Texas, Courtney turned 18, and ran away from home. To this day, the Litvaks are un-aware of where their daughter is. Unfortu-nately, stories like this are all too common. Childproof America promotes public aware-ness and educates the public on the realities of human trafficking. Offering a free online learning curriculum, Childproof America strives to educate and equip parents with the knowl-edge about the strategies traffickers use to ex-ploit children. The Family Guides Program of-fers free services to the community, ranging from pinpointing online activity and locations, to intervention, extraction by law enforcement and survivor care. Regular community meet-ings are held to provide presentations about human trafficking to those willing to be advo-cates and start a conversation. Childproof America’s passion, dedication, and support in educating folks about human trafficking makes our community a safer place. Human trafficking is the fastest growing criminal industry in the world today. It is occur-ring in every city and state in the nation. Pub-lic awareness is extremely important. We must continue to work together to end human traf-ficking and provide aid to those that have been victimized by this scourge on humanity. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A15MY8.049 E15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D521 Tuesday, May 15, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2657–S2685 Measures Introduced: Fifteen bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2838–2852, and S. Res. 507–510.
                                               Pages S2678–79 
Measures Reported: S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty.
               Page S2678 
Measures Passed: Greek Independence 197th Anniversary: Com-mittee on Foreign Relations was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 443, recognizing the 197th anniversary of the independence of Greece and celebrating democracy in Greece and the United States, and the resolution was then agreed to. 
                                                                                            Page S2683 
Joint Committees on Printing and on the Li-brary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 509, providing for members on the part of the Senate of the Joint Com-mittee on Printing and the Joint Committee of Con-gress on the Library.
                                                Page S2683 
National Bladder Cancer Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 510, expressing support for the designation of the month of May 2018 as ‘‘Na-tional Bladder Cancer Awareness Month’’.
   Page S2683 
Federal Communications Commission Rule— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at 12 noon, on Wednesday, May 16, 2018, Senator Schumer, or his designee, be recognized to offer a motion to proceed to S.J. Res. 52, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commis-sion relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’. 
                                                                                            Page S2676 
Executive Reports of Committees: Senate received the following executive reports of a committee: Report to accompany The Treaty with the Fed-erated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Maritime Boundary (Treaty Doc. 114–13(A)) (Ex. Rept. 115–2); and Report to accompany The Treaty with the Repub-lic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries (Treaty Doc. 114–13(B)) (Ex. Rept. 115–3).                                                                           Page S2678 
Zais Nomination—Agreement: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary of Education. 
                                                                                    Pages S2661–76 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that following disposition of S.J. Res. 52, providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’, Senate continue consideration of the nomination, that any remaining time be yielded back, and Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate.
                                                         Page S2676 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, May 16, 2018.
                                                                                Page S2683 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 77 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. EX. 94), Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S2657–61, S2685 
By 53 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. EX. 95), John B. Nalbandian, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 
                                                                            Pages S2661, S2685 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Gordon Hartogensis, of Connecticut, to be Direc-tor of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation for a term of five years. Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Career, Technical, and Adult Education, Department of Education. Gary Richard Brown, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. Diane Gujarati, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Aug 10, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD18\MAY\D15MY8.REC D15MY8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD522 May 15, 2018 
Eric Ross Komitee, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. Rachel P. Kovner, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. Lewis J. Liman, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York. Maria Chapa Lopez, of Florida, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Florida for the term of four years. Corey Landon Maze, of Alabama, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama. Brian T. Moran, of Washington, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Wash-ington for the term of four years. Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Ninth Circuit. Todd L. Nukes, of Indiana, to be United States Marshal for the Northern District of Indiana for the term of four years. John L. Sinatra, Jr., of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York. Mary Kay Vyskocil, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of New York. Joshua Wolson, of Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                    Pages S2683–85 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: Thomas D. Homan, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Homeland Security, which was sent to the Senate on November 14, 2017.
           Page S2685 
Measures Read the First Time:                      Page S2678 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2678 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2679–80 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2680–82 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2677–78 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2682–83 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2683 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—95)
                                                           Pages S2660–61 Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:03 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 16, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2683.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: ARMY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army, after receiving testimony from Mark T. Esper, Secretary of the Army, and General Mark A. Milley, Chief of Staff of the Army, both of the Department of Defense. APPROPRIATIONS: SENATE SERGEANT AT ARMS AND CAPITOL POLICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch concluded a hearing to examine pro-posed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael Stenger, Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate; and Chief Matthew R. Verderosa, Capitol Police. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of Thelma Drake, of Virginia, to be Federal Transit Administrator, Department of Transpor-tation, Jeffrey Nadaner, of Maryland, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Commerce, and Seth Daniel Apple-ton, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Richard Clarida, of Connecticut, to be Vice Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and Michelle Bowman, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D523 May 15, 2018 
TRENDS IN MOBILE TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Communications, Technology, Innova-tion, and the Internet concluded a hearing to exam-ine trends in mobile technologies, after receiving tes-timony from Mike Forster, Innovate Mississippi, Jackson; Sarah Oh, Technology Policy Institute, and Morgan Reed, ACT-The App Association, both of Washington, D.C.; and Roger Koch, Shield Group Technologies, West Palm Beach, Florida. NOMINATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Aimee Kathryn Jorjani, of Wisconsin, to be Chair-man of the Advisory Council on Historic Preserva-tion, after the nominee testified and answered ques-tions in her own behalf. ASIA REASSURANCE INITIATIVE ACT Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International Cybersecurity Policy concluded a hearing to examine American leadership in the Asia Pacific, focusing on the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, after receiving testimony from Randall Schriver, Assistant Secretary of De-fense, Asian and Pacific Security Affairs; and Alex Wong, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs. PROTECTING AND SECURING THE UNITED STATES Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine au-thorities and resources needed to protect and secure the United States, after receiving testimony from Kirstjen M. Nielsen, Secretary of Homeland Security. 340B DRUG PRICING PROGRAM Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine oversight reports on the 340B Drug Pricing Program, after re-ceiving testimony from Ann Maxwell, Assistant In-spector General for Evaluation and Inspections, Of-fice of the Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services; and Debra A. Draper, Director, Health Care, Government Accountability Office. PROTECTING AND PROMOTING MUSIC CREATION Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine protecting and promoting music creation for the 21st century, including S. 2393, to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide Fed-eral protection to the digital audio transmission of a sound recording fixed before February 15, 1972, S. 2625, to amend title 17, United States Code, to pro-vide for the payment of performance royalties to cer-tain producers, mixers, and sound engineers of sound recordings, and S. 2334, to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide clarity with respect to, and to modernize, the licensing system for musical works under section 115 of that title, to ensure fairness in the establishment of certain rates and fees under sec-tions 114 and 115 of that title, after receiving testi-mony from David M. Israelite, National Music Pub-lishers’ Association, Meredith Rose, Public Knowl-edge, Christopher Harrison, Digital Media Associa-tion, and Mitch Glazier, Recording Industry Associa-tion of America, all of Washington, D.C.; Justin Roberts, Recording Academy, Chicago, Illinois; David J. Del Beccaro, Music Choice, Horsham, Pennsylvania; Smokey Robinson, Los Angeles, Cali-fornia; and Josh Kear, Nashville, Tennessee. THE STATE OF SMALL BUSINESS IN AMERICA Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the state of small business in America, focusing on an update from the Small Business Administration, including S. 2014, to require greater transparency for Federal regulatory decisions that impact small businesses, S. 2034, to strengthen resources for entrepreneurs by improving the SCORE program, S. 2283, to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, S. 1756, to improve the processes by which environmental documents are prepared and permits and applications are processed and regulated by Federal departments and agencies, S.J. Res. 52, providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule sub-mitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’, and S.J. Res. 9, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8, of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion relating to the disclosure of payments by re-source extraction issuers, after receiving testimony from Linda E. McMahon, Administrator, Small Busi-ness Administration. NOMINATION Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of William R. Evanina, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the Na-tional Counterintelligence and Security Center, after the nominee testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD524 May 15, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 46 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5787–5832; and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 892–896 were introduced.
                 Pages H3975–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3978–79 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 613, to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–674); H.R. 4069, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of authentic Alaska Na-tive articles of handicraft containing nonedible mi-gratory bird parts, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–675); H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–676); H. Res. 891, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5698) to amend title 18, United States Code, to punish criminal offenses targeting law en-forcement officers, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (S. 2372) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide outer burial re-ceptacles for remains buried in National Parks, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2) to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–677); and H.R. 4294, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to provide a criminal penalty for unauthor-ized disclosures of certain individually identifiable information by officers or employees of a Federal de-partment or agency (H. Rept. 115–678, Part 1). 
                                                                                            Page H3975 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Kustoff to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H3937 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:12 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H3938 Whole Number of the House: The Chair an-nounced to the House that, in light of the resigna-tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Dent, the whole number of the House is 428.
        Page H3939 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:52 p.m.
                                                   Page H3940 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Offi-cer Self-Protection Act: H.R. 613, to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief exec-utive officer of a Federal penal or correctional insti-tution provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or cor-rectional institution for firearms carried by certain employees of the Bureau of Prisons, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 378 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 181;
                                             Pages H3940–42, H3955–56 
Justice Served Act of 2018: H.R. 4854, to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 377 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 182;
                         Pages H3945–47, H3956 
Expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the creation of police and commu-nity alliances designed to enhance and improve communication and collaboration between mem-bers of the law enforcement community and the public they serve: H. Res. 285, expressing the sense of the United States House of Representatives that Congress and the President should empower the cre-ation of police and community alliances designed to enhance and improve communication and collabora-tion between members of the law enforcement com-munity and the public they serve, by a 
2⁄3yea-and- nay vote of 377 yeas to 2 nays, Roll No. 183; 
                                                                Pages H3942–45, H3956–57 
School Resource Officer Assessment Act of 2018: H.R. 5242, amended, to require the Attorney Gen-eral and the Secretary of Education to conduct a sur-vey of all public schools to determine the number of school resource officers at such schools; 
                                                                                    Pages H3947–49 
Medgar Evers Home National Monument Act: H.R. 4895, amended, to establish the Medgar Evers National Monument in the State of Mississippi; 
                                                                                    Pages H3949–51 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D525 May 15, 2018 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To es-tablish the Medgar Evers Home National Monument in the State of Mississippi, and for other purposes.’’. 
                                                                                            Page H3951 
Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act: S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confed-erated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indi-ans to lease or transfer certain lands; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3953–54 
National Law Enforcement Museum Exhibits Act: H.R. 1417, to amend the National Law En-forcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to ac-quire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, im-port, and display firearms.
                            Pages H3954–55 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:37 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3955 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Ex-pansion Act: S. 35, to transfer administrative juris-diction over certain Bureau of Land Management land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for inclusion in the Black Hills National Cemetery.
                              Pages H3951–53 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H3939–40. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3955–56, H3956, and H3956–57. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a markup on the FY 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. AGRICULTURE AND NUTRITION ACT OF 2018; PROTECT AND SERVE ACT OF 2018; VETERANS CEMETERY BENEFIT CORRECTION ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ [General Debate]; H.R. 5698, the ‘‘Protect and Serve Act of 2018’’; and S. 2372, the ‘‘Veterans Cemetery Benefit Correction Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a structured rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 5698. Pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in part A of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for the consideration of S. 2372 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 5674, as reported by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Com-mittee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Finally, in section 3, the rule provides for the consideration of H.R. 2 under a structured rule. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the pur-pose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ag-riculture now printed in the bill and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD526 May 15, 2018 
points of order against that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part C of the report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in this report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part C of the report. The rule provides that no fur-ther consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Conaway, and Rep-resentatives Rutherford, Jackson Lee, Roe of Ten-nessee, Takano, and Gonzalez of Texas. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 16, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Environ-mental Protection Agency, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Department of Homeland Security, to hold hearings to examine the role of the Department of Homeland Security in stopping the flow of opioids, methamphetamines, and other dangerous drugs, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine railroad safety initiatives, 3:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Ryan Gruters, of Florida, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Jennifer L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Heidi R. King, of California, to be Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, 10 a.m., SR–253. Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness, to hold hearings to examine the future of the Inter-national Space Station; focusing on Administration per-spectives, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be the Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Deputy Representative of the United States of America in the Se-curity Council of the United Nations, and to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Ses-sions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his tenure of service as Deputy Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, and David B. Cornstein, of New York, to be Ambassador to Hungary, all of the Department of State, Eliot Pedrosa, of Florida, to be United States Alternate Executive Direc-tor of the Inter-American Development Bank, and Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambas-sador; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine S.J. Res. 59, to authorize the use of military force against the Taliban, al Qaeda, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, and designated associated forces, and to provide an updated, transparent, and sustainable statutory basis for counterterrorism operations, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native American tangible cultural heritage, and S. 2804, to provide for the reform and con-tinuation of agricultural and other programs of the De-partment of Agriculture for Indian Country; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hearing to examine safety and security at Bureau of Indian Education schools, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine Cambridge Analytica and the future of data privacy, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending business; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing to examine certain intelligence mat-ters, 9:15 a.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on the FY 2019 Energy and Water Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill; and the FY 2019 Ag-riculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Adminis-tration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, markup on the FY 2019 Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, 5 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D527 May 15, 2018 Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Enhancing Retirement Security: Examining Pro-posals to Simplify and Modernize Retirement Plan Ad-ministration’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Tele-communications, Global Competitiveness, and National Security’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Leg-islation Addressing New Source Review Permitting Re-form’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Enforcement’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Implementation of FinCEN’s Customer Due Diligence Rule’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Capitol Visitor Center—Ten Years of Serving Congress and the American People’’, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 224, the ‘‘Polar Bear Conservation and Fairness Act’’; H.R. 857, the ‘‘California Off-Road Recreation and Conservation Act’’; H.R. 3045, the ‘‘Eastern Legacy Ex-tension Act’’; H.R. 3186, the ‘‘Every Kid Outdoors Act’’; H.R. 3916, the ‘‘FISH Act’’; and H.R. 4419, the ‘‘Bu-reau of Reclamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs Water Project Streamlining Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Workforce for the 21st Century: Analyzing the President’s Management Agenda’’, 1:30 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’ [Amendment Consideration], 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Using Technology to Address Climate Change’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Intellectual Property 101: How Small Business Owners Can Utilize Intellectual Property Protections in Their Businesses’’, 2 p.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day: Testimony and Proposals on the Department of Veterans Affairs’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Tax Reform: Growing Our Economy and Cre-ating Jobs’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5774, the ‘‘Combat-ting Opioid Abuse for Care in Hospitals Act’’; H.R. 5775, the ‘‘Providing Reliable Options for Patients and Educational Resources Act’’; H.R. 5776, the ‘‘Medicare and Opioid Safe Treatment Act’’; H.R. 5773, the ‘‘Pre-venting Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act’’; H.R. 5676, the ‘‘SENIOR Communities Protection Act’’; H.R. 5723, the ‘‘Expanding Oversight of Opioid Prescribing and Payment Act’’; and legislation on Securing the Inter-national Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Committee on Printing: organizational business meeting for the 115th Congress, 3:30 p.m., S–219, Cap-itol. Joint Committee on the Library: organizational business meeting for the 115th Congress, 3:45 p.m., S–219, Cap-itol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD528 May 15, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 16 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Mitchell Zais, of South Caro-lina, to be Deputy Secretary of Education. At 12 noon, Senate will vote on a motion to proceed to consideration of S.J. Res. 52, providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Federal Com-munications Commission relating to ‘‘Restoring Internet Freedom’’. Following disposition of S.J. Res. 52, Senate will vote on confirmation of the nomination of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary of Education. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 16 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 5698—Protect and Serve Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule) and S. 2372—VA MISSION Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 2—Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E641 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E652 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E644 Buck, Ken, Colo., E646, E647, E650, E651, E652, E653 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E647 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E645 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E643 Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E653 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E647 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E648, E651 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E642, E643, E645, E646, E647, E648, E650, E651, E653 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E649 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E646 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E646 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E650 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E653 Jordan, Jim, Ohio, E641 Katko, John, N.Y., E649 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E644 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E648 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E651 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E642 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E656 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E641, E642, E644, E645, E645, E646, E647, E648, E649 Poe, Ted, Tex., E655, E656 Price, David E., N.C., E641 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E641 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E643 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E655 Smith, Jason, Mo., E649, E650, E651 Takano, Mark, Calif., E642 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E650 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E642, E643, E646 Titus, Dina, Nev., E655 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E652 Walden, Greg, Ore., E644 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E644 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E648 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 May 16, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D15MY8.REC D15MYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST