Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3399 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 2018 No. 63 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC. April 18, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
ANDY K. W
EBER , Sr., to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
CUBA’S SCAM TRANSITION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today, many around the world might herald what they call a transition of power in my native homeland of Cuba, but that couldn’t be further from the truth. This sham transition is more smoke and mirrors—another ploy out of the Castro playbook. The reality is that Raul Castro will continue to maintain his grip on power. The reality is that the Cuban people will be no closer to freedom today than they were yester-day—no closer to democracy today than they were yesterday. The reality is that the murderous re-gime in Cuba will continue to oppress and will continue to abuse the people of Cuba. We are not fooled, Mr. Speaker, and U.S. law dictates that we do not recog-nize this so-called transition govern-ment or any successor government until certain conditions are met, condi-tions such as: all political prisoners be released; until free, fair, and trans-parent elections monitored by inter-national observers are held; and until the Cuban people’s human rights are respected. Until then, and only then, Mr. Speak-er, we must continue to oppose this farce orchestrated by Castro and, in-stead, we must stand with the people of Cuba in their fight for freedom, democ-racy, and human rights. f 
CHANGES TO SNAP IN THE NEW FARM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) for 5 minutes. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a major responsi-bility of the farm bill is intended to ad-dress the growing issue of food insecu-rity in America. As a matter of fact, roughly one out of every six individ-uals in Dallas County will go to sleep each night not knowing where their next meal will come from. Hunger is not just a major issue within any one district, but it is one that affects Americans in virtually every district in every part of the country. It is an important issue. It is one on which Congress needs to focus. Sadly, the farm bill introduced last week will hurt far more Americans than it will help. The proposed changes for the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program within the farm bill are downright draconian. SNAP was in-tended to help the poor so they can find meaningful work on a full stom-ach. The new proposed work require-ments would starve individuals who are unable to find sustainable employment due to economic, medical, or family-re-lated issues. Organizations such as Feeding Amer-ica and the Food Research & Action Center have come out opposing these changes because they would lead to an increase in hungry Americans and is counterproductive to solving America’s hunger problem. It is much harder to climb out of poverty and onto a path of independence when you must devote much of your energy in wondering where your next meal may come from. Instead of throwing people off SNAP, Congress should be focused on giving greater access to nutritional meals so that these individuals are able to go on living their lives and trying to find em-ployment that will get them out of poverty and into the middle class. SNAP was intended to assist the working poor to ensure they are able to put food on the table for their children. These changes would throw many chil-dren off the program and subsequently deny access for them to get food from school breakfast and lunch programs. The cuts in SNAP benefits for these students would force them to face the challenges of hunger in addition to the rigors of school. Countless studies show that students retain more information when their focus is on school in front of them and not on the fear that they will go to bed hungry. Making certain that the next genera-tion of Americans have every oppor-tunity to grow up with a healthy diet and learn on a full stomach is not just an investment in the fight against hun-ger; it is also an investment in this country’s future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.000 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3400 April 18, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I speak not just for Af-rican Americans. The majority of the ones who are utilizing this program are non-African American, and the major-ity are Anglo Americans. So Congress should be working together to strengthen the program so that it ful-fills its original goal: ensuring that all Americans, regardless of ethnic origin or status, have the dignity of a day’s work and a day’s worth of food. Mr. Speaker, many districts’ voices have been muted through the inten-tional gerrymandering so that they don’t have to address the poorest peo-ple. Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to ad-dress all of the American people. 
f 
HAPPY SESQUICENTENNIAL TO RENO, NEVADA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with birthday wishes for the pre-mier municipality in the Nation—not the Big Apple, not the Windy City, not the City by the Bay, or the Big Easy. I am talking about the Biggest Little City in the World, Reno, Nevada. Reno turns 150, celebrating its sesquicenten-nial. Congratulations to you Mayor Hil-lary Schieve and the city council. Happy birthday, Reno, Nevada. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MONSIGNOR GEORGE FARLAND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) for 5 min-utes. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I come to the floor of the House this morning to pay tribute to a close friend of mine, Monsignor George Farland, who is cele-brating the 50th anniversary of his or-dination as a Catholic priest. On May 4, 1968, Monsignor Farland received his ministerial orders at Ca-thedral of St. Michael the Archangel in my hometown of Springfield, Massa-chusetts. I know because I was the CYO basketball coach at Sacred Heart upon his arrival. For the next half century, he has been a source of inspiration and com-fort to his faithful parishioners at Sa-cred Heart Church in Springfield. Every Sunday, he provides a strong spiritual message, frequently laced with a special grace and a sense of irony and good humor, but always a powerful message. We have watched and witnessed as he has rebuilt and sustained a vibrant parish in the life of its members. Sacred Heart Church was built by im-migrants, and to this day, it welcomes immigrants, as he frequently says in the opening phrases of his powerful homilies: ‘‘No matter what your status or station in life, you are welcome in this church.’’ He has found time to serve as a police chaplain for the Springfield Police De-partment and also a hospital chaplain in the Sisters of Providence Health System in Mercy Medical Center. He has surely reinvigorated the life of the church, and is a son of Hungry Hill, a graduate of Cathedral High School and Saint Anselm College. His spiritual leadership in western Massachusetts has become, in fact, leg-endary. He has a well-deserved reputa-tion for compassion, humility, and kindness. Again, the welcoming mes-sage of his inclusivity continues to deeply resonate with those who wor-ship at Sacred Heart Church. He leads his parishioners up and down that middle aisle, oftentimes in joy and happiness or in grief of the fu-neral, but he always does it with a spe-cial tolerance and grace. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States, I want to congratulate Mon-signor George Farland for reaching this important milestone in his life, thank him for his decades of thoughtful min-istry, and acknowledge the remarkable contributions he has made to the peo-ple of all walks of faith in the Diocese of Springfield in western Massachu-setts. f 
RAW DEAL VERSUS BETTER DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, in this country, our democratic republic, we have a brilliant system of government of the people, by the people, and for the people. It is a system that consists of two predominant parties with a contrast of ideas. And nowhere in this country is that contrast more prominent than here in the House of Representatives where we have got a vision of the coun-try on the Democratic side of the aisle that wants to move America forward, while the folks on the other side of the aisle want to turn back the clock. We want to bring people together. They are tearing us apart. We believe in an economy that works for every-body. They are all about an economy for the wealthy and the well-off. They have a raw deal. We have a better deal. They want to take away healthcare for more than 20 million Americans, impose a draconian age tax on people between 50 and 64, and take away exist-ing protections for preexisting condi-tions. We want to strengthen the Af-fordable Care Act and dramatically lower the cost of prescription drugs for every American. Raw deal versus bet-ter deal. They have a fake infrastructure plan that would do nothing to fix our Na-tion’s crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels. We have a real infrastructure plan that would invest $1 trillion and create 16 million good-paying jobs. Raw deal versus better deal. They support a budget that would cut more than $2 trillion from Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and Medicaid. We sup-port a budget that would strengthen Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid for working families, middle class folks, and senior citizens all across this country. They recklessly jammed a tax scam down the throats of the American peo-ple where 83 percent of the benefits go to the wealthiest 1 percent of this country—tax cuts for millionaires, bil-lionaires, corporations, and big donors to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. Raw deal. We support tax cuts for working fam-ilies and middle class folks that are made permanent and that meaning-fully put money back into the pockets of everyday Americans. That is a bet-ter deal. b1015 They are all about chaos, crisis, con-fusion, and special interests. We are about the people’s interests: better jobs, better wages, and a better future for the American people. We be-lieve the American people deserve a better deal. f 
SYRIAN CIVIL WAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, there is a civil war in Syria and a humanitarian crisis that the United States simply cannot and should not ignore. Today there are some 2,000 U.S. sol-diers and marines on the ground in Syria who have spent the past several years engaged in the fight to defeat ISIS. That fight has been largely suc-cessful, yet troops remain in Syria to prevent a resurgence of ISIS. U.S. forces are engaged in hostilities against ISIS, not in the Syrian civil war. Congress was informed in 2015 that our forces are in Syria pursuant to the AUMF enacted in 2001, in response to the attacks on 9/11. Although U.S. ground forces aren’t engaged in the Syrian civil war, our forces have engaged Syrian forces and its regime. Last year, a U.S. Navy F–18 shot down a Syrian war plane in the collective self-defense of our coalition partners. The use of force in self-de-fense is unquestionably authorized, however risky that may be in poten-tially drawing the U.S. into armed con-flict with Syria or into the Syrian civil war. In the fall of 2016, U.S. forces mistak-enly and unintentionally killed Syrian troops in an air strike that was in-tended for ISIS fighters. Last year, the Syrian regime launched an aerial bombing with sarin, causing the deaths of nearly 100 civilians. In response to Assad carrying out these war crimes, the United States military, at the direction of President Trump, fired 59 cruise missiles against a Syrian air base. It was the air base from which the aircraft were launched to drop nerve gas on innocent women, children, men, and civilians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.003 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3401 April 18, 2018 
But that didn’t stop Assad. Just 11 days ago, less than 10 days after Presi-dent Trump instructed military leaders to withdraw U.S. troops from Syria as soon as possible, Assad again launched a chemical attack on more than 500 people. In response, and without meaningful discussion with Congress, President Trump, once again, ordered air strikes against Syrian targets associated with the Syrian chemical weapons program. Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding the U.S. presence on the ground and our air engagements in Syria since 2015, this Congress has never openly and for-mally debated the question of author-ization for the use of military force in Syria. It is time for us to do our job. Assad is a barbaric, genocidal dictator. The use of chemical weapons is heinous, and the use of conventional weapons against civilians, which he is also guilty of doing, is equally heinous. Syria is a humanitarian disaster. 400,000 Syrians, most of whom are inno-cent civilians, are dead. These facts are not disputed. For more than 70 years, the United States has been an anchor of international security, and I believe we cannot look away when a dictator brazenly and repeatedly violates inter-national law. The debate that is long overdue in Congress should not be limited to if, when, and how the United States should respond to the next chemical at-tack. Congress abdicated that responsi-bility in 2013 and in 2017, and I fear we are on course to do so again this year. Deliberations over how and when to retaliate against the next chemical weapons attack must be part of the larger debate that we must have about our country’s goals, policies, and strat-egy in Syria and whether another soli-tary military strike would be effective. We should recognize that another military response will be hollow if not accompanied by a more robust, whole- of-government approach. We need to agree on a strategy that will perma-nently deter Assad from using chem-ical weapons, send a message to Mos-cow and Tehran, and push Assad to the negotiation table to achieve a lasting political solution to the civil war and humanitarian crisis. Will this approach require greater support of the secular opposition in Syria? Will we have to work with our NATO allies to intervene more pur-posefully to contain Assad? These are the things—the issues—that every Member of Congress must grapple with as we weigh the use of military force. The President cannot act unilaterally. I believe our ideals and principles, as well as our national security, are at stake in Syria, along with our leader-ship of an international system where we seek to ensure that weapons of mass destruction are never used. I believe our democracy is stronger when the President acts with the sup-port of Congress. Mr. Speaker, let’s debate and vote on the authorization to use military force in Syria now. ENSURING U.S. MARITIME JOBS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. L
ARSEN ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to express my continued support of American mari-time jobs through enforcement of the Jones Act. The Merchant Marine Act of 1920, more commonly known as the Jones Act, was named for its primary sponsor at the time, Senator Wesley Jones, of my home State, Washington State. The Jones Act exists for good reason. It sustains and protects a strong do-mestic maritime and shipbuilding in-dustry. It creates jobs for U.S. mari-ners, many of whom are veterans. It underpins U.S. maritime defense policy and is essential to preserving national security interests at home and abroad. The Jones Act requires the use of American-owned and -operated vessels to move all waterborne cargo between points in the U.S. I have long maintained that the Jones Act ensures that domestic indus-tries can remain vibrant contributors in the global shipping industry. At its core, the Jones Act is a crit-ical labor standard that helps put U.S. seafarers to work and maintains impor-tant workplace rights. In Washington State, approximately 60 percent of the State’s ferries employees working on vessels are Jones Act compliant. In 2012, I called on the then-adminis-tration to protect American jobs by ad-hering to the Jones Act in response to rising gas prices and the proposed re-lease of oil from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve. Last year, I spoke up to support the Jones Act fleet in its heroic response to the natural disaster that hit Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. As a member of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Sub-committee, I am committed to work-ing with my colleagues to uphold the longstanding tenets of the Jones Act to safeguard the important role maritime industries play in our economy. The Jones Act exists for good reason. We should use it to good effect. 
f 
EXTENDING CONDOLENCES AND SYMPATHY TO THE BUSH FAMILY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, once again, I rise to speak from the well of the House of Representatives. Today, Mr. Speaker, I would call to our attention the fact that there is a time when we should put all politics aside. This is such an occasion, Mr. Speaker. I rise today to extend my condo-lences and sympathies to the Bush family. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, be-cause I want the world to know that I have great respect for the family. Politics aside, Mr. Speaker, Ms. Bar-bara Bush, the First Lady—not cur-rently, but in my world, once a First Lady, always a First Lady. I rise be-cause this First Lady demonstrated something that this country can be proud of. She was a person who has left a leg-acy of respectability as it relates to being a First Lady of the United States of America. She respected herself. She had standards. She had principles. She had boundaries. There were certain things that she wouldn’t do and would not allow to be done while she was in the White House. Respectability: she respected others which engendered re-spect for her. I rise because she will be missed. I rise because she has left this legacy of respectability. I also rise because, as a neophyte newly elected to Congress, I received an indication that her husband wanted to speak to me. I went over to speak to him. I had no idea as to why he would ask for an opportunity to visit with me, but I did visit with him. I thought it would be a 5-minute meeting. It went much longer than 5 minutes. He obviously was in one party and I in another. We did not know each other, but we spoke at length. The thing that I remember as we were bringing our meeting to closure, I re-member his calling to my attention that one of my greatest challenges in Congress would be to develop an agen-da for myself. There are many people who will have agendas for you. The great challenge in Congress is to develop your own agen-da. So on my agenda, I want my record to show that I stood in the well of the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica to thank the First Lady, Ms. Bar-bara Bush, for her service to her fam-ily, to her country, and indeed to the world. f 
GOP’S WAR ON THE POOR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to proudly represent all of the welfare queens in the United States of America, all those women who get up every day and struggle as mothers, often caretakers for elderly parents, who are juggling two and three min-imum wage jobs, $7.25-an-hour jobs a day, and then being told that they are welfare cheats because they need food stamps, SNAP, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, in order to meet the basic food needs of their children. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to decry your, Mr. Speaker, agenda and the agenda of the majority party to beat up on these poor, hard-working people because they are poor, people who find themselves in the predicament of having more month than money and need just a little bit of assistance to meet those basic nutri-tional needs. We are sick and tired of people exag-gerating and claiming that people are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.005 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3402 April 18, 2018 
gaming the system to the tune of $65,000, $70,000 a year, and that they don’t want to work. People want to work, but they are constantly in com-petition with foreign workers who earn $3 a day. We are in a postindustrial economy, and often people cannot find work and cannot find enough work to meet their needs. Often people find work, but those jobs do not provide them, Mr. Speaker, with healthcare. But they are being told that they need to provide a urine specimen and have a drug test to get healthcare simply because they don’t have an employer that is able to pro-vide them or willing to provide them with healthcare. Although the claims, Mr. Speaker, have been refuted time and again with facts and research that poor people have dignity, poor people love their children, but poor people are just not getting a fair shot despite all of this. Republicans continue to perpetuate this propaganda and these talking points that impose even more obstacles on people who are poor. They continue to promote policies that are humiliating, like the ration or harvest boxes or peeing in a cup and elimi-nating basic rights of Americans be-cause they are financially poor in the richest country on the planet. We are sick and tired, Mr. Speaker, of being sick and tired. b1030 And why do we think this is hap-pening, Mr. Speaker? We think this is happening, Mr. Speaker, because you yourself, Mr. Speaker, declared that we are going to pay for the $1.5 trillion tax cut that we just gave to the wealthiest Americans, corporations, shareholders, all over this planet, we are going to pay for them by cutting Medicaid. We are going to pay for them, Mr. Speaker, by cutting Medicare. We are going to pay for them by cutting Social Secu-rity. We are going to pay for them by cutting food stamps, thus the need to vilify people who are poor. Mr. Speaker, how about if we really want to help people escape poverty and reduce dependency on the safety net, how about trying to raise the min-imum wage so that people who are hav-ing trouble putting food on the table will actually earn enough money to be able to afford to pay for basic food needs? If we really want to help people es-cape poverty, why don’t we recognize that basic healthcare is a human right? And we should be trying to fortify the Affordable Care Act as opposed to 60, 70 attempts to repeal it. Mr. Speaker, I urge Americans to wake up. 
f 
PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEERS— ANGELS ABROAD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, America’s Peace Corps volunteers are our angels abroad. They represent the very best we have in America, but right now, we are not doing enough to protect them. One volunteer, Jennifer Mamola, her life was forever changed after an acci-dent while she was serving in Uganda. Early one morning, Jennifer was walk-ing with two friends to a bus stop. Out of nowhere, a drunk driver rammed into them; one volunteer was killed and Jennifer’s legs were broken. When she returned home to America, still bedridden and loaded on pain medication, she faced an uphill battle to get treatment because of bureauc-racy. After months of fighting the sys-tem, she was finally approved for dis-ability, but her nightmare didn’t end there. Her case was regularly reopened, and she struggled to get the surgeries she needed and was not always ap-proved. Still traumatized by her expe-rience in Uganda, she reached out for mental health treatment, only to be ig-nored. I have heard too many stories like Jennifer’s, volunteers eager to make a difference in the world, return home to America, seem to be abandoned by an organization they gave so much for. Others tell of their struggle to re-ceive quality medical care and protec-tion while they are overseas. A brave volunteer opened up to me about the daily sexual harassment she experi-enced while serving in a country over-seas. During broad daylight, men would grope and threaten her as she walked home from school. One afternoon at the market, the cashier threatened to break into her house in the middle of the night, come into her bedroom, and sexually assault her. When she reported this to the Peace Corps, they assured her that the men were ‘‘simply joking.’’ The harassment went on for months and months. Finally, she made the de-cision to return to the United States. She could no longer bear the harass-ment, and she was threatened and afraid. Peace Corps recorded her reason for leaving as ‘‘difficulty adapting to the culture.’’ Are you kidding me? A cul-ture of sexual assault in a foreign country? This meant she was not awarded the certificate of service or letter from the President of the United States that she earned. Sexual assault and harassment should never be excused as ‘‘joking.’’ It should never be brushed off as a cul-tural norm. Peace Corps has fostered this belief for too long. Between 2010 and 2014, there were over 900 reported cases of sexual as-sault and rape by Peace Corps volun-teers overseas. This is unacceptable. Our volunteers deserve protection. They deserve basic protections from bad guys who seek to harm them. They deserve quality medical care, both in country and when they get back to the United States. Now, the Peace Corps has made some changes, but as a former judge, I can tell you that it is our duty to do every-thing within our power to protect our angels abroad and do more. Peace Corps volunteers are the face of our country in places where Amer-ica’s shining beacon of hope and liberty may not always shine so bright. They promote goodwill, a better under-standing of the United States. They do so much for people overseas. This helps to secure an enduring partnership for our Nation. They change lives every day in the local communities that they serve. Their service to this country should not turn into a nightmare that interrupts or even ends their lives. We must remember that these Peace Corps volunteers, many times, operate alone in remote areas of the world, doing the best they can to help other people. Simple changes would greatly im-prove the safety and security of our Peace Corps ambassadors abroad. That is why the bill Representative JOEKEN-
NEDY of Massachusetts and I have in-troduced—the bipartisan Sam Farr Peace Corps Enhancement Act—is so important. We must not continue to send our volunteers into remote areas of the globe without adequate protections against harm. They must have access to a qualified medical doctor and an ef-fective healthcare system to take care of them when they come back to the United States. There are some things that we can do and this bill will help. It is time to stand up and take action for our volun-teers. They are some of the best that America has, representing America and the Peace Corps, and it is our responsi-bility to take care of them. And that is just the way it is, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 36 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Lord God of mercy, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Our Nation is singular and powerful by the very fact that Congress begins its workday with prayer, setting an ex-ample for all students and workers and people of this great land. It has done so from the very beginnings of Congress itself. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.007 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3403 April 18, 2018 
By seeking Your presence and wis-dom in moments of prayer each day, we humbly lay before You our limitations and our hopes. We display our openness to Your creative light to guide us in the decisions that must be made to stay the course of government of Your free people. Hear the prayers of this people’s House and call each Member to moral integrity and charitable bipartisan po-litical effort that the course of govern-ment might roll forward toward ad-vancements of the common good of our Nation. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. FOXX led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
MEDICAL DEBT TAX RELIEF (Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, medical debt can be finan-cially crippling, and folks who have been fortunate enough to receive debt forgiveness should not face surprise taxes from the IRS on that debt. Unfortunately, the current Tax Code is not clear on this issue. Therefore, it is possible for a taxpayer to have their medical debt canceled, but then be re-quired to pay taxes on that forgiven debt as if it were income. That is plain wrong. To ensure med-ical debt forgiveness is not a taxable event, last week, I introduced the Med-ical Debt Tax Relief Act. I thank Congressman J
OHN LARSON  for joining me in this effort, and I urge our colleagues to join us both in sup-port of this commonsense legislation. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KATHLEEN DALEY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Kathleen Daley, a lifelong Riverside resident and a dedicated member of our community who passed away last week. For more than a decade, I had the privilege of serving with Kathleen on the Riverside Community College Dis-trict Board of Trustees. And though she was a conservative Republican, and I a progressive Democrat, never did our ideologies keep us from finding com-mon ground when it came to serving our students. She taught me what it means to work with people who have a different way of seeing things. Her deep under-standing of budgeting was vital to lift-ing the college out of severe financial hardship. Through her service to the college, as well as to many local non-profit organizations, Kathleen’s com-mitment to our community improved the lives of people across the Inland Empire region. My condolences go to Kathleen Daley’s family and friends. f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF BARBARA BUSH (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, like so many others, to honor the memory of Barbara Bush. She has already been noted in the history books for her place as one of the only two women to be the wife of one President and the mother of an-other. But for millions of Americans, Barbara Bush’s legacy is deeply per-sonal. As First Lady, she drew attention to the issue of family literacy in a way that resonated with the American pub-lic. In her own straightforward and down-to-earth way, she worked to re-move the shame and stigma of illit-eracy for adults. She knew and believed that children are the future, but she recognized that if a child’s parents didn’t have basic reading and writing skills, the whole family’s future is at risk. As the House continues to focus on workforce development and closing the skills gap, it is fitting to recognize the voice Barbara Bush gave to that basic cornerstone of all education: the power of reading. She embraced lifelong learning, and the best way to honor her legacy is to do the same. As chair of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, it is a privi-lege to honor her memory and her con-tributions to the work we continue to do every day. 
f 
ROSWELL PARK COMPREHENSIVE CANCER CENTER (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, 120 years ago, Dr. Roswell Park founded the first cancer center in America in Buffalo, New York. For the last century, Roswell Park Comprehen-sive Cancer Center has been a leader in furthering our understanding of cancer and pioneering new patient treatments. Roswell Park gave the world the first preclinical chemotherapy program, the prostate-specific antigen test, and it is collaborating today with Cuba on a promising new lung cancer vaccine. Herceptin, for metastatic breast can-cer, was clinically trialed and tested at Roswell, and new immunotherapy clin-ical trials are occurring there today. In addition to promising new treat-ments, Roswell is home to the compas-sionate cancer experts for those af-flicted with cancer and for those who love the afflicted. Today, we are urging the National Institutes of Health to renew Roswell Park’s well-deserved designation as one of just 49 national cancer centers in the Nation. New lifesaving and life-quality treat-ments are within reach at Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center. f 
IMMIGRATION REFORM, TEXAS STYLE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, a recent poll of Texas voters shows that they want to reduce and reform legal immigration and save jobs for Ameri-cans. The Pulse Opinion Research survey found that 63 percent of Texans favor less immigration than the current an-nual level of 1 million. Notably, 56 per-cent support cutting the number of green cards by at least half. Only 14 percent of the voters questioned want to increase immigration. The poll also determined that Texas voters, by a 2–1 margin, want to end chain migration and only admit spouses and minor children of immi-grants. Also, respondents strongly sup-port workforce verification to prevent illegal immigrants from taking jobs away from citizens. Congress should listen to Texans’ views on immigration policy. With a 2,000-mile common border with Mexico, Texas continues to bear the burden of our current misguided immigration system. 
f 
REMEMBERING FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, last night was a sad day for America. Today, our Nation mourns the passing of a beloved American; a bold advocate for family, for literacy; and a devoted wife, moth-er, and grandmother, First Lady Bar-bara Bush. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Apr 18, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.011 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3404 April 18, 2018 
Mrs. Bush has brought dignity, civil-ity, and spirit to everything she did. Her strength—of character, of her prin-ciples, of her faith—are a great gift to our Nation. Barbara Bush was a woman of excep-tional grace, with an unmatched spir-it—again, that spirit—and talent and skill for bringing people together. She was not only respected, but adored by so many across our Nation. Barbara Bush leaves a living legacy in the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy and the deep spirit of volunteerism she championed on behalf of children and families. All who knew Mrs. Bush saw her immense love and pride in her family. She was a beloved matriarch for her family and a matri-arch for America, and she always put family first. We hope that it is a comfort to Presi-dent Bush—73 years of marriage, wow— former President George Herbert Walk-er Bush, that our thoughts and prayers are with you and your children, includ-ing President George W. Bush. She was the only woman in America, apart from Abigail Adams, who was the wife and mother of a President. Our prayers are with her grand-children, her great-grandchildren, whom she loved, and the entire Bush family. We want them to know that so many share in their grief, pray for them at this sad time, and are grateful to them for sharing Barbara Bush with the Na-tion. 
f 
TITLE X AND PLANNED PARENTHOOD (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of changes to title X family planning funds. Currently, abortion providers like Planned Parenthood are eligible to re-ceive these title X funds, but abortion is not family planning; it is family end-ing. It ends the lives of innocent chil-dren. It is an affront to the very defini-tion of family. Title X is Planned Parenthood’s sec-ond largest funding stream, providing around $80 million a year. America’s largest abortion provider, which ends over 321,000 lives each year, should never receive a single dime of taxpayer dollars. I strongly support efforts to turn off the title X funding stream for Planned Parenthood, and urge the Department of Health and Human Services to issue new regulations for the title X program that will stop funding for programs that include abortion. Mr. Speaker, there are much better and life-affirming options than allow-ing Planned Parenthood access to tax-payer dollars. HAWAII DISASTER (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, over the last several days, the people of Ha-waii have faced extreme and severe weather, heavily impacting the com-munities of Waimanalo, east Oahu, and most heavily, the island of Kauai. Far too many people are living and struggling in chaos as a result of record-breaking rain, flooding, and landslides that have completely dev-astated communities, homes, and busi-nesses. It has led to hundreds of people being evacuated. Many people are still struggling without water and electricity. They are stranded, separated from their chil-dren and family members on different parts of the island, and relying on air-lifts from the Hawaii National Guard for basic supplies. Time and again, our Kauai community has come together, proven to be strong and resilient, mobi-lized to support and take care of each other. I want to say a big thank you to Mayor Carvalho, the Hawaii National Guard, the Coast Guard, our first re-sponders, organizations like the Red Cross, churches, schools, and members of our community who have stood up and taken action, leaders like: Joel Guy and Ryan Sebring; Doug Phillips, who was running boats; Laird Ham-ilton, who was running water rescue; Hanalei and the Takeshiros, who were running their Zodiac up and down the Wainiha River; Malama Kawai, Mocu Chandler, Laura Richards, and so many more. I am looking forward to being on Kauai tomorrow to offer my support to those who are helping provide relief to those most affected as our delegation stands ready to help Kauai recover from this disaster. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EARTH DAY AND BOWMAN’S HILL WILDFLOWER PRESERVE (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, April 22, is Earth Day, and I am proud to recognize the signifi-cant event and to reiterate my strong support for the environmental steward-ship and conservation in our commu-nities. From my days as a Boy Scout, I learned the true beauty of nature and the value it brings to our community, and I still live by the Scouting mantra: Leave the campsite cleaner than you found it. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Preserve, which held its annual sympo-sium last month. This event awards the Land Ethics Award for usage of na-tive plants and an eco-friendly design to create a sustainable habitat for wildlife and for public education. This year’s winner was the Wilma Quinlan Nature Preserve Committee in New Britain Borough. I would like to recognize the Wilma Quinlan Nature Preserve Committee for their dedica-tion to land conservation, and con-gratulate them on receiving this award. I would also like to thank and recog-nize Bowman’s Hill Wildflower Pre-serve’s education coordinator, Kelly Joslin, for her role in organizing this important event. f 
b1215 TAX DAY (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, yester-day was tax day; and this year, mil-lions of working men and women filed their taxes knowing that Republicans want them to bear the costs so cor-porate special interests and the wealthiest Americans can get a gigan-tic tax cut. Even worse, the new Republican tax law will raise the deficit by more than $2 trillion, meaning Medicare and So-cial Security are now on the chopping block according to Republican leaders. This is not what we were elected to do. Working Americans deserve a bet-ter deal. Working families deserve a real and permanent tax cut, not the scam that they got. It has been decades since we have asked the wealthiest Americans to pay their fair share. No secretary, no jan-itor, and no mid-level employee should have to pay a higher tax rate than the CEO of their company. It is long past time to fix this broken system and pass the Buffett rule. Mr. Speaker, we should be promoting policies that give families the tools not just to get by, but to get ahead, instead of further rigging the system to benefit the billionaires, millionaires, and America’s biggest corporations. It is time for real tax reform and to undo the tax scam that is going to hurt so many in our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CELEBRATING DR. DABNEY N. MONTGOMERY (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Dabney N. Montgomery. Dr. Montgomery’s selfless service and his courage have made him an institu-tion in Harlem. In the face of segrega-tionist attitudes and racial animus, Dr. Montgomery joined the U.S. Army Air Corps as a member of the prestigious Tuskegee Airmen fighting in World War II. He walked in lockstep with Dr. Martin Luther King in the march from Selma to Montgomery during the civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.013 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3405 April 18, 2018 
rights movement. Dr. Montgomery in-fluenced communities far and wide, but we are so fortunate that in Harlem he worked to make the community a bet-ter place for all of us. In 2007, Dr. Montgomery’s lifetime of service and commitment to civil rights and the principles of equality were honored when he received the Congres-sional Gold Medal, one of the highest civilian awards in the United States. Now, in 2018, I am so proud that we will soon unveil the Tuskegee Airman Dabney N. Montgomery Place on the northwest corner of West 136th Street to preserve and commemorate his leg-acy. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to share this with you and this body. I am hope-ful that his memory will continue to live with us. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE LOUISE M
CINTOSH SLAUGHTER (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of my colleague, Louise McIntosh Slaughter. For my entire time of service in the House of Representatives, she was my ranking member of the Rules Com-mittee. I sat just a couple of seats down from somebody who truly was in-spirational and a fearless advocate for progressive values and a woman who, despite her advancing years, always re-mained ahead of the curve and future oriented. Louise had an internal energy, an in-ternal fire that is rare in this body and, frankly, rare across our country. She long stood for an inclusive vision of America. She embraced LGBTQ fami-lies before it was popular. She always stood for women’s rights despite oppo-sition on both sides of the aisle. I already miss and continue to miss somebody who, to me, was a friend and a mentor in this institution. I express my sincere condolences to the family of Louise McIntosh Slaughter. 
f 
TAX DAY (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, when Americans pay their taxes, as millions did yesterday, they expect, rightfully, that their tax dollars will be used to benefit the many, not just the few; however, that has not been this Repub-lican Congress’ approach. The tax law Republicans enacted does little to help the middle class working families and gives 83 percent to approximately 10 million people, of the benefits, and to 300 million people 17 percent. According to the independent, non-partisan Tax Policy Center, the Repub-lican tax law will give the richest Americans an average tax cut of $33,000, while those who are struggling the most will get maybe $40. Their tax law is also a breathtaking exercise in its fiscal irresponsibility, handing our children and our grand-children a $1.8 trillion bill they will have to pay. Thanks to the Republican tax law, the CBO now projects a $1 trillion debt every year for the next 10 years. Some-body is going to have to pay that bill, and it is our children and our grand-children. Mr. Speaker, the American taxpayers deserve a system that is fair and pro-motes fiscal sustainability. The new Republican tax law does the opposite. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5444, TAXPAYER FIRST ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 5445, 21ST CENTURY IRS ACT Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 831 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 831 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House any bill specified in section 2 of this resolution. All points of order against con-sideration of each such bill are waived. The respective amendments in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in each such bill shall be considered as adopted. Each such bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in each such bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on each such bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. The bills referred to in the first sec-tion of this resolution are as follows: (a) The bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes. (b) The bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cyberse-curity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other pur-poses. S
EC. 3. (a) In the engrossment of H.R. 5444, the Clerk shall— (1) await the disposition of H.R. 2901, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5443, H.R. 5445, and H.R. 5446; (2) add the respective texts of all the bills specified in paragraph (1), as passed by the House, as new matter at the end of H.R. 5444; (3) conform the title of H.R. 5444 to reflect the addition to the engrossment of the text of all the bills specified in paragraph (1) that have passed the House; (4) assign appropriate designations to pro-visions within the engrossment; and (5) conform cross-references and provisions for short titles within the engrossment. (b) Upon the addition to the engrossment of H.R. 5444 of the text of the bills specified in subsection (a)(1) that have passed the House, such bills shall be laid on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
ARPER ). The gentleman from Wash-ington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 831, providing for consideration of two im-portant pieces of legislation: H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act; and H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act. The rule provides for consideration of these measures under a closed rule. Both of these pieces of legislation were introduced with bipartisan cosponsors, and both were passed out of the Ways and Means Committee with unanimous support on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Speaker, yesterday was not only tax day, but it was also the last time the American people had to file their taxes under an outdated and anti-quated system. Thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act signed into law by Presi-dent Trump, Americans have much to look forward to: a simplified tax sys-tem, lower rates, a doubled child tax credit to help everyday families, a dou-bling of the standard deduction, and the freedom to buy the healthcare plan that is right for their families rather than be forced to buy government-man-dated health insurance. As these reforms continue to be im-plemented, and Americans across the country have begun to see their pay-checks grow and small businesses begin to move forward with less regulatory burden, a bipartisan effort in the U.S. House of Representatives to modernize and reform the Internal Revenue Serv-ice has arisen. The goal is to redesign the IRS into a modern, 21st century agency focused on the ‘‘taxpayers first’’ service—reining in IRS abuses, protecting American taxpayers from fraud, and fairly and efficiently resolv-ing disputes within the agency. H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act, demonstrates a bipartisan, comprehen-sive effort to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service. This leg-islation makes numerous changes to reorganize the agency in an attempt to focus its efforts on customer service. It creates an independent appeals process to improve dispute resolutions and re-quires the IRS to submit to Congress a comprehensive plan to improve its cus-tomer service strategy. It requires the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.015 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3406 April 18, 2018 
agency to maintain the IRS Free File Program, equipping low- and middle- income Americans with free individual tax preparation and electronic filing services. This legislation also requires the IRS to improve efficiency, enhance cyberse-curity, and better meet the needs of taxpayers. By ensuring the agency sends notice to the actual taxpayer be-fore contacting friends, neighbors, or clients when conducting an audit, we can ensure Americans receive fair no-tice and treatment. Mr. Speaker, the mission statement of the IRS is to provide America’s tax-payers top quality service by helping them understand and meet their tax re-sponsibilities and enforce the law with integrity and fairness to all. Unfortu-nately, in far too many cases, the IRS fails to provide the quality customer service they claim to strive for. The nonpartisan Government Ac-countability Office reported in 2015 that the IRS had no strategy in place to define what quality and customer service should look like, nor did the agency have any plans to develop one. This is unacceptable, so I am pleased that the Taxpayer First Act requires the IRS to work to fulfill their mission statement. The 21st Century IRS Act similarly seeks to modernize the IRS by specifi-cally focusing on improving cybersecu-rity and taxpayer identity protection as well as reforming the information technology systems within the agency. The IRS relies heavily on an aging, an-tiquated IT infrastructure to admin-ister the tax system. This infrastruc-ture, some of which dates back to the 1960s, is unreliable and is not keeping up. As we just saw yesterday, Mr. Speak-er, the web page for paying tax bills using personal bank accounts crashed, leading to Treasury Secretary Mnuchin having to provide Americans with an extra day to file their returns. We must bring the IRS’s infrastructure into the 21st century in order to prevent nega-tive impacts on taxpayers seeking to comply with their tax responsibilities as we witnessed yesterday. b1230 Unfortunately, these potential threats can include much more serious threats as well, including potential cyber attacks and fraud schemes that seek to exploit stolen taxpayer infor-mation. The 21st Century IRS Act requires the Secretary of the Treasury to work collaboratively with the public and pri-vate sectors to protect taxpayers from identity theft tax refund fraud. This legislation also requires the Secretary to submit a written report to Congress describing how the IRS can utilize new payment platforms to increase the number of tax refunds paid by elec-tronic funds transfers, thereby stream-lining the final leg of the filing process for taxpayers. It provides for further recommenda-tions regarding methods to prevent identity theft and refund fraud and re-quires that State, local, or Federal agencies conduct on-site reviews every 3 years of all contractors or other agents receiving Federal returns and return information. These reforms are common sense and will prevent frustrating, prolonged interactions with the IRS that could be much more easily and seamlessly re-solved online. Mr. Speaker, this is a straight-forward and bipartisan rule, allowing for consideration of two bills that will require the Internal Revenue Service to put customer service needs of the American taxpayer first, and to re-form, modernize, and improve the agency’s infrastructure. The IRS must prioritize cybersecu-rity and taxpayer identity theft protec-tions. The underlying bills in this rule will do just that, and I encourage my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying legislation to continue our historic efforts to reform our Nation’s tax system. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule for H.R. 5444 and H.R. 5445. I support the underlying bills, but the problem is these rules don’t allow any amendments. We suggest an open process. I offered three amendments myself to these bills. My colleague Mr. S
HERMAN of-fered an amendment to improve the bill. Unfortunately, we have been de-nied a vote, and instead this body is having a debate on, frankly, issues, just like yesterday, there doesn’t even need to be that much debate on. I would think these bills, like the one yesterday, could have been put on something called the suspension cal-endar, which means they are not too controversial. Usually the reason we do a rule is we allow amendments. That is why we do that, and yet all the amendments that were offered were rejected. So we are kind of drawing out the time it takes to pass these bipartisan bills instead of spending the time on issues that the American public want us to address. Members on both sides of the aisle, myself included, are clamoring for de-bate around what is called an AUMF, an authorized use of military force, bill to address the authority of the Presi-dent with regard to Syria, with regard to ISIS and other operations. We are now 4 months into 2018. The House still has not considered a bill to protect our Dreamers, our young aspir-ing Americans. So inaction, inaction, inaction. And even where we are moving forward with a bipartisan bill, we are shutting out ideas from Republicans and Democrats that could actually make the bill bet-ter. I, as I mentioned, offered a couple of those to this bill, and the majority blocked those amendments on a party- line vote. One of my amendments would have provided clarity to con-sumers and the IRS around providing a window for immunity on filings for use of cryptocurrency, a bipartisan bill with Mr. SCHWEIKERT . Another amend-ment would have provided tax relief for kombucha manufacturers, a bipartisan bill with Mr. T
IPTON . Another would have eased tax burdens on small busi-nesses in States that have legalized marijuana. All three have bipartisan support. The Rules Committee could have granted the necessary waivers, as they do on many amendments when they choose to, and allowed them. Mr. S
HERMAN ’s amendment was actu-ally germane to the underlying bill. There wouldn’t have needed to be any additional waivers that were granted. We simply could have advanced it to the floor to debate. So, again, these bills are largely non-controversial. What is controversial is why won’t the Republican leadership allow Democrats and Republicans to amend and improve these bills? And two, why we are wiling away our time on bills that we could have done Mon-day on a suspension voice vote instead of really working on a bipartisan Au-thorization for Use of Military Force or the other prescient issues our country faces? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I, too, sit on the Rules Committee, and what we witnessed Monday was an amazing thing, coming together in a bipartisan fashion on some very important bills to bring reform to the Internal Revenue Service. And I might respond to the gentle-man’s comments. It was a very open process through the Ways and Means Committee. It was, as far as I recall, at least a 3-year process, working bipartisanly, very co-operatively, in a comprehensive fash-ion in order to get the work done that was brought together and culminated with the work that we see here today. So, as far as an open process, I don’t know what could have been more open. It was one that we can be proud of, one that we should see more of in this in-stitution, frankly, and I am very proud that we are able to be here today, fol-lowing a long history of using the closed rule process when we are consid-ering these kinds of bills as it pertains to revenue. With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
HERMAN ), whose amend-ment was rejected in a party-line vote by the Rules Committee and not even allowed to be debated for a moment on the floor of the House. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, vote against this rule for three reasons: First, it is a closed rule. You should always vote against a closed rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.017 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3407 April 18, 2018 
But second, it is the embodiment of a pernicious tradition of always having closed rules on tax bills. That is out-rageous. Why would we not apply that to everything that Congress deals with? We are told: Well, if we don’t have a closed rule, we have to have an open rule; we don’t want an open rule on a tax bill. You could have a structured rule. You could have germane amendments. What does a closed rule on every tax bill mean? It means that over 400 of us can never offer an amendment about taxation, and it also means that, if an amendment is hotly debated in the Ways and Means Committee and pre-vails or is defeated by one vote, then the entire House cannot chime in on that issue. The second reason to vote against this rule is to break this iron-clad tradition of closed rules on tax bills. There is a third reason, and that is, my amendment to strike section 202 was not allowed. I am an old CPA. I headed the second largest tax agency in this country. I am very interested in easing the burden on taxpayers. This bill generally does that. But section 202 is designed—doesn’t actually do this, but it pushes in the direction of lock-ing in the free file system. That is a contract that the IRS has with TurboTax and H&R Block that is sup-posed to allow everyone with an in-come of under $66,000 to file for free. But with TurboTax, you have to have an income under $33,000; with H&R Block, you have to be under 50. I, personally, resent that. The Free File Program isn’t free even if you don’t have to pay for the soft-ware because you have got to gather your 1099, your INT, your 1099–DIV, and your W–2, and you have to correctly in-terpret that and enter it into the sys-tem. There is a better system. It is called the pre-prepared tax system. It is being used in Denmark, Sweden, Spain, Bel-gium, Japan, Chile, and the United Kingdom, not to mention Norway and Finland. The IRS would send you the return. It is already filled out. They al-ready have all the information from your 1099s and your W–2s. You could just hit ‘‘yes’’ or you could make changes there on the screen, or you could throw away the IRS’ version, go get TurboTax, go to H&R Block, and fill out your own return the way you do it now. This provision, section 202, pushes the IRS against going to the pre-pre-pared return system, a better system, a system that was explored in 1998 by a Republican Congress, and the IRS was told to develop that system by 2008. The IRS never did. So there should be an amendment to strike section 202 and push the IRS to-ward a pre-prepared return system where you could literally be done with your tax return in 1 minute and not have to keep track of all these pieces of paper and try to interpret them. There is a solution because this bill will pass. This bill should pass. All the other provisions are pretty good. You can cosponsor the Tax Filing Simplification Act. By doing that, you would override section 202, tell the IRS that they have to go to a pre-prepared return system. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an addi-tional 30 seconds. Mr. SHERMAN. We would catch up with Spain and Norway and Denmark and Japan and really have a tax system where you don’t have to keep track of all the little pieces of paper that the IRS already has, and you wouldn’t have to interpret them and figure out where to put them in the complicated soft-ware when the IRS already knows how to do that. I realize that TurboTax and H&R Block might lose some money, but this is a chance for taxpayers around the country to have an easy system. If you can’t vote against the rule— and I wouldn’t vote against the bill— cosponsor the Tax Filing Simplifica-tion Act. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The Ways and Means Committee put out a discussion draft on March 26 enti-tled, ‘‘The Taxpayer First Act.’’ The committee provided 2 weeks to collect input from Members, stakeholder groups, and the public. I would say to my good friends across the aisle that there were a number of substantive comments received, and my under-standing is the committee considered them prior to introducing this bill that we have today. So I would say let’s honor that work. Let’s move forward with this impor-tant piece of legislation, and I urge support of the rule. Mr. SHERMAN. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. NEWHOUSE. I yield to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I will point out, like every committee, you can always send a letter to any com-mittee I serve on or the Ways and Means Committee. But to take away from Members their right to come to the floor and offer an amendment and get a vote is to relegate us to the same position as all 320 million Americans, all of whom can send a letter to the Ways and Means Committee. I will also point out that the act I talked about, the Tax Filing Sim-plification Act, was referred to the Ways and Means Committee, has a number of cosponsors, and has never received a hearing or half a hearing or any discussion. So to say that the Ways and Means Committee will accept our letters and, therefore, we should have closed rules on tax bills, apply that to every other issue we have—every committee in this House will accept a letter from any other Member, let alone any con-stituent—means we really want closed rules on everything. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Reclaiming my time, the bipartisan effort in this bill is reflected in a very, very good way, and I urge respecting that process, re-specting the comprehensive, collabo-rative work that was done on this bill, and I urge support of the rule. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, on tax day, the White House made an announcement about President Trump’s taxes, but it wasn’t the an-nouncement that Americans were wait-ing for. Instead of releasing his returns, President Trump was actually just re-questing an extension to file his 2017 income tax return, which still would not be made public if or when he files it. It is a good reminder that President Trump has broken with decades of tra-dition when, as a Presidential can-didate, he did not disclose his tax re-turns. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to bring up Representative E
SHOO ’s bill, H.R. 305, the Presidential Tax Transparency Act, which would re-quire Presidential nominees to disclose their last 3 years of tax returns. To discuss our proposal, I yield 4
1⁄2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, yester-day was tax day. Today is tax day. I call upon House Republicans to allow review of the President’s tax returns. Now it is tax day again, so I want to re-iterate and give my colleagues a vote for transparency. It was reported yesterday that the President filed for an extension on his returns, but while every President going back to Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the American people in the name of transparency and ac-countability, this President continues to keep his own finances shrouded in secrecy. He was told to disinvest at the very beginning of his administration by the Office of Government Ethics, Mr. Shaub. The President has not. b1245 Since February of 2017, I have been calling on the chairman of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, of which I am a member, to request the Presi-dent’s tax returns, which they have the power to do under section 6103 of the Tax Code. I called up resolutions, but 18 times the committee and the House have voted against seeing the Presi-dent’s tax returns—just seeing them. Today, I renew my call for this Con-gress to act to review the President’s tax returns and out his conflicts and self-enrichment while in office. Why did President Trump support giving the wealthy and big corpora-tions a giant tax cut in the tax scam just passed in the Congress in Decem-ber? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.019 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3408 April 18, 2018 
Why is he letting lobbyists for Wall Street and Big Oil write their own rules? Candidate Trump promoted himself as a successful businessman who would run the government like he ran his businesses. Well, let’s take a look at the business. In Azerbaijan, he did business with the likely money launderer for Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. This is a fact. In the Republic of Georgia, his partner was being investigated for bank fraud and money laundering. In Indonesia, his development partner was deeply in-volved in ‘‘dirty politics.’’ In Brazil, there were criminal investigations into his deals. The FBI is reportedly look-ing into his Vancouver hotel where one of the Trumps worked with a Malay-sian family that admitted to financial fraud. And in New York, Donald, Jr., and Ivanka were investigated for finan-cial crimes in their dealings with the Trump hotel in SoHo. When he became the President, he did not divest himself from his busi-ness. Since then, there is no question that Mr. Trump has profited from the taxpayers and from their government positions, as have the members of his Cabinet. The examples of self-dealing and quid pro quos are too myriad to re-count. Here are just a few. January 23, 2017, Saudi Arabia held a party at the Trump hotel after renting rooms for lobbyists for 5 months. I know this is unpleasant to listen to, but we have a right. And I return you to April of 2014, when the Speaker of this House pres-ently was the head of the Ways and Means Committee and dictated to us how they had a right, as a legislative branch of government, to go into the backgrounds, if not the tax returns, of Lois Lerner, who was being inves-tigated at that time, and nothing hap-pened to her, of course, but we argued the point on 6103. And he said, very spe-cifically: This is our duty to oversee the executive branch of government. Well, what is good for the goose is good for the gander. It is, period, and that is what he said. So Saudi Arabia, on January 23, 2017, held a party at the Trump hotel. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. February 28, Trump, who owns 12 golf courses, rolled back a rule limiting water pollution by golf courses. April 4, the State Department ran an online ad for Mar-a-Lago. Isn’t that nice? September 19, reports reveal that the Pentagon spent more than $130,000 a month to rent at the Trump Tower, more than twice as much as the other tenants. I have got a whole list of these, Mr. Speaker. I won’t bore you, but I will tell you this: We are going to enter them into the R
ECORD . This is not the America I know, and this is not the America you know. We have a right to put sunlight on the disinfection. That is our job. This is a checks-and-balance system, Mr. Speaker, and we need—not to take advantage of it, but we need to follow the rules. There are no personal-ities here. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President of the United States. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the many groups that are supporting H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act, as well as the group supporting H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act. For the Taxpayer First Act, the Americans for Tax Reform, the Coali-tion for Effective and Efficient Tax Ad-ministration, the National Foreign Trade Council, and the App Association support the Taxpayer First Act. As far as the 21st Century Act, H.R. 5445, Citizens Against Government Waste, the Electronic Transactions As-sociation, the MarketPlace Lending Association, the National Taxpayers Union, the Taxpayers Protection Alli-ance, FreedomWorks, the Institute for Policy Innovation, 60 Plus Association, the Institute for Liberty, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, Less Government, and the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council all join us in supporting not only the underlying rule, but the un-derlying legislation, as I would urge my colleagues to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. E
SHOO ), our final speaker. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my good friend, for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to the rule, and I want to urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to defeat the previous question so the House can vote on my bipartisan—I want to emphasize that, bipartisan— legislation entitled, the ‘‘Presidential Tax Transparency Act.’’ This bill codi-fies the longstanding bipartisan tradi-tion of Presidents and Presidential nominees disclosing their tax return information to the American people. Now, as was said previously, yester-day was tax day, and it is an important reminder that, as millions of Ameri-cans fulfill their duty to file their in-come tax returns, the President of the United States of America still refuses to release his tax returns to the Amer-ican people. I think holding the highest office in the land demands transparency, yet the President refuses to honor what promotes trust with the American peo-ple. And as I said, both Republican and Democratic Presidential candidates, going back to Richard Nixon, all volun-tarily put their tax returns out to the American people. Why? To establish trust that they were transparent and that the American people could see whether there were any potential con-flicts of interest and many other things, because tax returns are highly instructive. As I said, that has gone on for decades. I wrote this legislation because, in 2016—and I wrote it in 2016—there were two candidates, one from each party, who refused to put out their tax re-turns, and I did not think that that was honoring the American people. Now, by refusing to make his tax re-turns public, the President implies he is hiding important information from the American people. So what this legislation does—and, again, I want to reiterate, it is bipar-tisan—it places into law disclosure by requiring the current President and all Presidential nominees of both parties to release their tax returns because, again, in a democracy, truth and trans-parency should be the gold standard. Presidents and Presidential candidates should be held to the highest standard of transparency to ensure that the in-terests of the American people are met. Now, tax returns contain vital infor-mation: whether the candidate has ac-tually paid taxes, what they own, how much they have borrowed, who they have borrowed from, whether they have made charitable donations, and what tax loopholes have they taken advan-tage of and exactly what they are, if they have. They are also highly in-structive as to any conflicts of inter-est. The current President has 564 finan-cial positions in companies located in the United States and around the world, according to the Federal Elec-tion Commission, making him more susceptible to conflicts of interest than any President in our history. Only a full release of his tax returns will pro-vide the public with clear information as to his potential conflicts of interest and his potential entanglements with foreign governments and foreign busi-nesses. This legislation, again, is bipartisan because transparency and good govern-ance are not partisan issues. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman from California. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, according to a recent poll, 67 percent of Ameri-cans believe the President should re-lease his tax returns just as all of his predecessors since Richard Nixon have done. During the campaign, the President even promised he would do so before falsely claiming that he couldn’t re-lease his tax returns because of an audit. There is no such thing. Yesterday’s editorial board of the Washington Post wrote: ‘‘The Presi-dent is setting a precedent—that Presi-dents can promise one thing, do an-other, and end up dismissing essential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.021 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3409 April 18, 2018 
standards of disclosure. Congress should not accept this erosion of good- government practice.’’ So, Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree more. And, again, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: Your con-stituents will reward you for this be-cause this is about transparency, about our democracy, about transparency being the gold standard. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask is the gentleman prepared to close? Mr. NEWHOUSE. Yes. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have an opportunity here to defeat the previous question and call up a bill to increase trans-parency with regard to the President. We also have an opportunity to reject a rule that excludes good ideas, where Members of Congress, in good faith, of-fered amendments to improve the bill and they were denied. Of course, the two underlying bills are fine bills. What is broken is the process, a process that doesn’t allow a meaningful floor debate on improve-ments to a bill and a process that doesn’t allow any floor time for an Au-thorization for Use of Military Force or addressing the needs of our Dreamers. Unfortunately, these bills are brought to the floor under a closed rule. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question and the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle have come together to work on the impor-tant issues covered in both of these un-derlying bills. This rule provides for consideration of H.R. 5444, the Tax-payer First Act, as well as H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act. The IRS currently lacks a com-prehensive customer service strategy, nor does it have any system in place to measure metrics and benchmarks for success within customer service. Addi-tionally, the IRS has not undergone or-ganizational restructuring in the last 20 years. H.R. 5444 requires the agency to de-velop a comprehensive strategy for cus-tomer service and to submit such plan to Congress no later than 1 year after the enactment of this legislation. It provides for the equitable treatment of every American taxpayer, including en-suring proper notice when the IRS seeks further information from an indi-vidual. Mr. Speaker, the IRS spends $2.4 bil-lion, annually, on information tech-nology, technology that, in some cases, dates back, I understand, to the 1960s. The agency struggles with undertaking and completing large IT modernization efforts to update its legacy systems, which, therefore, can put American taxpayers in a frustrating or even dan-gerous position. With the rise of tax refund fraud, a modern IT system must be enacted to ensure taxpayers can successfully com-ply with their tax requirements. H.R. 5445 modernizes and improves the ease and efficiency of the taxpayer experi-ence when filing taxes, retrieving in-formation, resolving issues, and mak-ing payments. This legislation includes a number of provisions to strengthen the IRS’ abil-ity to proactively combat identity theft, tax refund fraud, and ensures IRS accountability for secure online taxpayer processes. In light of the historic tax reform legislation initiated by this representa-tive body, the people’s House, and signed into law by the President, Presi-dent Trump, just last year, it is vital the Internal Revenue Service under-take its own important reforms. b1300 No one enjoys receiving an envelope stamped ‘‘Internal Revenue Service.’’ Far too often, taxpayers find the IRS to be inaccessible, intimidating, and unaccountable. American taxpayers de-serve a robust and efficient agency with important oversight protections and modernized systems to keep their private information protected. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak in favor of this bipartisan rule, and I urge my colleagues to support House Reso-lution 831, and both of the underlying bipartisan bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 831 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 305) to amend the Eth-ics in Government Act of 1978 to require the disclosure of certain tax returns by Presi-dents and certain candidates for the office of the President, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on Ways and Means and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 305. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.022 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3410 April 18, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 226, nays 189, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 143] YEAS—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Barletta Black Blumenauer Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Comstock Delaney DeLauro Keating McCaul Moore Scalise Simpson Smith (NJ) 
b1325 Mr. SCHRADER, Mses. D
ELBENE, FUDGE, Messrs. BROWN of Maryland, THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. M
CCOLLUM, Mr. SUOZZI, Mrs. CARO-LYN B. MALONEY of New York, and Mr. CRIST changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas). The question is on the reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 239, noes 177, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 144] AYES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.025 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3411 April 18, 2018 
NOES—177 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta Black Blumenauer Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Comstock Delaney DeLauro Keating Nolan Scalise Scott, David Simpson 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1332 Mr. CUMMINGS changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 143 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 144. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 18, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 18, 2018, at 10:55 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1281. Appointments: Migratory Bird Conservation Commission. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
TAXPAYER FIRST ACT Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 831, I call up the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to mod-ernize and improve the Internal Rev-enue Service, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 831, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5444 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as oth-erwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be consid-ered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; etc. TITLE I—INDEPENDENT APPEALS PROCESS Sec. 101. Establishment of Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Ap-peals. TITLE II—IMPROVED SERVICE Sec. 201. Comprehensive customer service strat-egy. Sec. 202. IRS Free File Program. Sec. 203. Low-income exception for payments otherwise required in connection with a submission of an offer-in- compromise. TITLE III—SENSIBLE ENFORCEMENT Sec. 301. Internal Revenue Service seizure re-quirements with respect to struc-turing transactions. Sec. 302. Exclusion of interest received in action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction. Sec. 303. Clarification of equitable relief from joint liability. Sec. 304. Modification of procedures for issuance of third-party summons. Sec. 305. Establishment of income threshold for referral to private debt collection. Sec. 306. Reform of notice of contact of third parties. Sec. 307. Modification of authority to issue des-ignated summons. Sec. 308. Limitation on access of non-Internal Revenue Service employees to re-turns and return information. TITLE IV—ORGANIZATIONAL MODERNIZATION Sec. 401. Modification of title of Commissioner of Internal Revenue and related officials. Sec. 402. Office of the National Taxpayer Advo-cate. Sec. 403. Elimination of IRS Oversight Board. Sec. 404. Modernization of Internal Revenue Service organizational structure. TITLE V—TAX COURT Sec. 501. Disqualification of judge or magistrate judge of the Tax Court. Sec. 502. Opinions and judgments. Sec. 503. Title of special trial judge changed to magistrate judge of the Tax Court. Sec. 504. Repeal of deadwood related to Board of Tax Appeals. TITLE I—INDEPENDENT APPEALS PROCESS SEC. 101. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERNAL REV-ENUE SERVICE INDEPENDENT OF-FICE OF APPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7803 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) I
NDEPENDENT OFFICE OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Internal Revenue Service an office to be known as the ‘Internal Revenue Service Inde-pendent Office of Appeals’. ‘‘(2) C
HIEF OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals shall be under the supervision and direction of an offi-cial to be known as the ‘Chief of Appeals’. The Chief of Appeals shall report directly to the Ad-ministrator of the Internal Revenue Service and shall be entitled to compensation at the same rate as the highest rate of basic pay established for the Senior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Chief of Appeals shall be appointed by the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, relating to appointments in the competitive service or the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—An individual ap-pointed under subparagraph (B) shall have ex-perience and expertise in— ‘‘(i) administration of, and compliance with, Federal tax laws, ‘‘(ii) a broad range of compliance cases, and ‘‘(iii) management of large service organiza-tions. ‘‘(3) P
URPOSES AND DUTIES OF OFFICE .—It shall be the function of the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals to resolve Federal tax controversies without litigation on a basis which— ‘‘(A) is fair and impartial to both the Govern-ment and the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) promotes a consistent application and in-terpretation of, and voluntary compliance with, the Federal tax laws, and ‘‘(C) enhances public confidence in the integ-rity and efficiency of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(4) R
IGHT OF APPEAL .—The resolution proc-ess described in paragraph (3) shall be generally available to all taxpayers. ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF CASES AS  
NOT ELIGIBLE FOR REFERRAL TO INDEPENDENT  
OFFICE OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If any taxpayer which is in receipt of notice of deficiency authorized 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.005 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3412 April 18, 2018 
under section 6212 requests referral to the Inter-nal Revenue Service Independent Office of Ap-peals and such request is denied, the Adminis-trator of the Internal Revenue Service shall pro-vide such taxpayer a written notice which— ‘‘(i) provides a detailed description of the facts involved, the basis for the decision to deny the request, and a detailed explanation of how the basis of such decision applies to such facts, and ‘‘(ii) describes the procedures proscribed under subparagraph (C) for protesting the decision to deny the request. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Adminis-trator of the Internal Revenue Service shall sub-mit a written report to Congress on an annual basis which includes the number of requests de-scribed in subparagraph (A) which were denied and the reasons (described by category) that such requests were denied. ‘‘(C) P
ROCEDURES FOR PROTESTING DENIAL OF  
REQUEST .—The Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service shall prescribe procedures for protesting to the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service (personally and not through any delegate) a denial of a request described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) N
OT APPLICABLE TO FRIVOLOUS POSI -
TIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to a re-quest for referral to the Internal Revenue Serv-ice Independent Office of Appeals which is de-nied on the basis that the issue involved is a frivolous position (within the meaning of section 6702(c)). ‘‘(6) S
TAFF.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—All personnel in the Inter-nal Revenue Service Independent Office of Ap-peals shall report to the Chief of Appeals. ‘‘(B) A
CCESS TO STAFF OF OFFICE OF THE CHIEF  
COUNSEL .—The Chief of Appeals shall have au-thority to obtain legal assistance and advice from the staff of the Office of the Chief Counsel. The Chief Counsel shall ensure that such assist-ance and advice is provided by staff of the Of-fice of the Chief Counsel who were not involved in the case with respect to which such assist-ance and advice is sought and who are not in-volved in preparing such case for litigation. ‘‘(7) A
CCESS TO CASE FILES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any speci-fied taxpayer with respect to which a conference with the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals has been scheduled, the Chief of Appeals shall ensure that such taxpayer is provided access to the nonprivileged portions of the case file on record regarding the disputed issues (other than documents provided by the taxpayer to the Internal Revenue Service) not later than 10 days before the date of such con-ference. ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER ELECTION TO EXPEDITE CON -
FERENCE .—If the taxpayer so elects, subpara-graph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the date of such conference’ for ‘10 days before the date of such conference’. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIED TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified tax-payer’ means— ‘‘(I) in the case of any taxpayer who is a nat-ural person, a taxpayer whose adjusted gross in-come does not exceed $400,000, and ‘‘(II) in the case of any other taxpayer, a tax-payer whose gross receipts do not exceed $5,000,000. ‘‘(ii) A
GGREGATION RULE .—Rules similar to the rules of section 448(c)(2) shall apply for pur-poses of clause (i)(II).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following provisions are each amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals’’ and inserting ‘‘Internal Revenue Serv-ice Independent Office of Appeals’’: (A) Section 6015(c)(4)(B)(ii)(I). (B) Section 6320(b)(1). (C) Subsections (b)(1) and (d)(3) of section 6330. (D) Section 6603(d)(3)(B). (E) Section 6621(c)(2)(A)(i). (F) Section 7122(e)(2). (G) Subsections (a), (b)(1), (b)(2), and (c)(1) of section 7123. (H) Subsections (c)(7)(B)(i, and (g)(2)(A) of section 7430. (I) Section 7522(b)(3). (J) Section 7612(c)(2)(A). (2) Section 7430(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Ap-peals’’. (3) The heading of section 6330(d)(3) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘INDEPENDENT ’’ after ‘‘IRS’’. (c) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any provision of law, or regulation or other guid-ance, to the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals shall be treated as a reference to the In-ternal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals. (d) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) through (6) of section 1001(b) of the Internal Revenue Service Restruc-turing and Reform Act of 1998 shall apply for purposes of this section (and the amendments made by this section). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) A
CCESS TO CASE FILES .—Section 7803(e)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by subsection (a), shall apply to conferences oc-curring after the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—IMPROVED SERVICE 
SEC. 201. COMPREHENSIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury, after consultation with the National Taxpayer Advo-cate, shall submit to Congress a written com-prehensive customer service strategy for the In-ternal Revenue Service. Such strategy shall in-clude— (1) a plan to provide assistance to taxpayers that is secure, designed to meet reasonable tax-payer expectations, and adopts appropriate best practices of customer service provided in the pri-vate sector, including online services, telephone call back services, and training of employees providing customer services, (2) a thorough assessment of the services that the Internal Revenue Service can co-locate with other Federal services or offer as self-service op-tions, (3) proposals to improve Internal Revenue Service customer service in the short term (the current and following fiscal year), medium term (approximately 3 to 5 fiscal years), and long term (approximately 10 fiscal years), (4) a plan to update guidance and training materials for customer service employees of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Manual, to reflect such strategy, and (5) identified metrics and benchmarks for quantitatively measuring the progress of the In-ternal Revenue Service in implementing such strategy. (b) U
PDATED GUIDANCE AND TRAINING MATE-
RIALS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall make available the updated guidance and training materials described in subsection (a)(4) (including the Internal Rev-enue Manual). Such updated guidance and training materials (including the Internal Rev-enue Manual) shall be written in a manner so as to be easily understood by customer service employees of the Internal Revenue Service and shall provide clear instructions. 
SEC. 202. IRS FREE FILE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Sec-retary’s delegate, shall continue to operate the IRS Free File Program as established by the In-ternal Revenue Service and published in the Federal Register on November 4, 2002 (67 Fed. Reg. 67247), including any subsequent agree-ments and governing rules established pursuant thereto. (2) The IRS Free File Program shall continue to provide free commercial-type online indi-vidual income tax preparation and electronic fil-ing services to the lowest 70 percent of taxpayers by adjusted gross income. The number of tax-payers eligible to receive such services each year shall be calculated by the Internal Revenue Service annually based on prior year aggregate taxpayer adjusted gross income data. (3) In addition to the services described in paragraph (2), and in the same manner, the IRS Free File Program shall continue to make avail-able to all taxpayers (without regard to income) a basic, online electronic fillable forms utility. (4) The IRS Free File Program shall continue to work cooperatively with the private sector to provide the free individual income tax prepara-tion and the electronic filing services described in paragraphs (2) and (3). (5) The IRS Free File Program shall work co-operatively with State government agencies to enhance and expand the use of the program to provide needed benefits to the taxpayer while reducing the cost of processing returns. (b) INNOVATIONS .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall work with the private sector through the IRS Free File Program to identify and implement, consistent with applicable law, innovative new program features to improve and simplify the taxpayer’s experience with completing and filing individual income tax returns through voluntary compli-ance. 
SEC. 203. LOW-INCOME EXCEPTION FOR PAY-MENTS OTHERWISE REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH A SUBMISSION OF AN OFFER-IN-COMPROMISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7122(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR LOW -INCOME TAX -
PAYERS .—Paragraph (1), and any user fee other-wise required in connection with the submission of an offer-in-compromise, shall not apply to any offer-in-compromise with respect to a tax-payer who is an individual with adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent tax-able year for which such information is avail-able, which does not exceed 250 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to offers-in-com-promise submitted after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. TITLE III—SENSIBLE ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 301. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any property’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE RE -
QUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) P
ROPERTY DERIVED FROM AN ILLEGAL  
SOURCE .—Property may only be seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subpara-graph (A) by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 if the property to be seized was de-rived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the vio-lation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE .—Not later than 30 days after property is seized by the Internal Revenue Serv-ice pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Internal Revenue Service shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.007 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3413 April 18, 2018 
‘‘(I) make a good faith effort to find all per-sons with an ownership interest in such prop-erty; and ‘‘(II) provide each such person with a notice of the seizure and of the person’s rights under clause (iv). ‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE UNDER CERTAIN  
CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Internal Revenue Service may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for one 30-day extension of the notice require-ment under clause (ii) if the Internal Revenue Service can establish probable cause of an immi-nent threat to national security or personal safety necessitating such extension. ‘‘(iv) P
OST-SEIZURE HEARING .—If a person with a property interest in property seized pur-suant to subparagraph (A) by the Internal Rev-enue Service requests a hearing by a court of competent jurisdiction within 30 days after the date on which notice is provided under sub-clause (ii), such property shall be returned un-less the court holds an adversarial hearing and finds within 30 days of such request (or such longer period as the court may provide, but only on request of an interested party) that there is probable cause to believe that there is a viola-tion of section 5324 involving such property and probable cause to believe that the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of con-cealing the violation of a criminal law or regu-lation other than section 5324.’’. 
SEC. 302. EXCLUSION OF INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
‘‘Gross income shall not include any interest received from the Federal Government in con-nection with an action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 of such title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Interest received in action to re-cover property seized by the Inter-nal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest received on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. CLARIFICATION OF EQUITABLE RELIEF FROM JOINT LIABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6015 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
TANDARD AND SCOPE OF REVIEW .—Any review of a determination made under this sec-tion shall be reviewed de novo by the Tax Court and shall be based upon— ‘‘(A) the administrative record established at the time of the determination, and ‘‘(B) any additional newly discovered or pre-viously unavailable evidence.’’, and (2) by amending subsection (f) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(f) E
QUITABLE RELIEF .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Under procedures pre-scribed by the Secretary, if— ‘‘(A) taking into account all the facts and cir-cumstances, it is inequitable to hold the indi-vidual liable for any unpaid tax or any defi-ciency (or any portion of either), and ‘‘(B) relief is not available to such individual under subsection (b) or (c), the Secretary may relieve such individual of such liability. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—A request for equitable re-lief under this subsection may be made with re-spect to any portion of any liability that— ‘‘(A) has not been paid, provided that such re-quest is made before the expiration of the appli-cable period of limitation under section 6502, or ‘‘(B) has been paid, provided that such re-quest is made during the period in which the in-dividual could submit a timely claim for refund or credit of such payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to petitions or re-quests filed or pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 304. MODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR ISSUANCE OF THIRD-PARTY SUM-MONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7609(f) is amended by adding at the end the following flush sen-tence: ‘‘The Secretary shall not issue any summons de-scribed in the preceding sentence unless the in-formation sought to be obtained is narrowly tai-lored to information that pertains to the failure (or potential failure) of the person or group or class of persons referred to in paragraph (2) to comply with one or more provisions of the inter-nal revenue law which have been identified for purposes of such paragraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to summonses served after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 305. ESTABLISHMENT OF INCOME THRESH-OLD FOR REFERRAL TO PRIVATE DEBT COLLECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6306(d)(3) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (D), and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) in the case of a tax receivable which is identified by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) during the period beginning on the date which is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, a taxpayer who is an individual with ad-justed gross income, as determined for the most recent taxable year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary),’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to tax receivables identified by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) after the date which is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 306. REFORM OF NOTICE OF CONTACT OF THIRD PARTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7602(c)(1) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(1) G
ENERAL NOTICE .—An officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service may not contact any person other than the taxpayer with respect to the determination or collection of the tax li-ability of such taxpayer unless such contact oc-curs during a period (not greater than 1 year) which is specified in a notice which— ‘‘(A) informs the taxpayer that contacts with persons other than the taxpayer are intended to be made during such period, and ‘‘(B) except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary, is provided to the taxpayer not later than 45 days before the beginning of such pe-riod. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall prevent the issuance of notices to the same taxpayer with respect to the same tax liability with peri-ods specified therein that, in the aggregate, ex-ceed 1 year. A notice shall not be issued under this paragraph unless there is an intent at the time such notice is issued to contact persons other than the taxpayer during the period speci-fied in such notice. The preceding sentence shall not prevent the issuance of a notice if the re-quirement of such sentence is met on the basis of the assumption that the information sought to be obtained by such contact will not be obtained by other means before such contact.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to notices provided, and contacts of persons made, after the date which is 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO ISSUE DESIGNATED SUMMONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 6503(j)(2)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) the issuance of such summons is preceded by a review and written approval of such issuance by the Administrator of the relevant operating division of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice and the Chief Counsel which— ‘‘(I) states facts clearly establishing that the Secretary has made reasonable requests for the information that is the subject of the summons, and ‘‘(II) is attached to such summons,’’. (b) E
STABLISHMENT THAT REASONABLE RE-
QUESTS FOR INFORMATION WEREMADE.—Sub- section (j) of section 6503 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
STABLISHMENT THAT REASONABLE RE -
QUESTS FOR INFORMATION WERE MADE .—In any court proceeding described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall establish that reasonable re-quests were made for the information that is the subject of the summons.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to summonses issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 308. LIMITATION ON ACCESS OF NON-INTER-NAL REVENUE SERVICE EMPLOYEES TO RETURNS AND RETURN INFOR-MATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7602 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON ACCESS OF PERSONS  O
THER THANINTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OFFI-
CERS AND EMPLOYEES .—The Secretary shall not, under the authority of section 6103(n), provide any books, papers, records, or other data ob-tained pursuant to this section to any person authorized under section 6103(n), except when such person requires such information for the sole purpose of providing expert evaluation and assistance to the Internal Revenue Service. No person other than an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service or the Office of Chief Counsel may, on behalf of the Secretary, ques-tion a witness under oath whose testimony was obtained pursuant to this section.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
PPLICATION TO CONTRACTS IN EFFECT .— The amendment made by this section shall apply to any contract in effect under section 6103(n) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, pursuant to temporary Treasury Regulation section 301.7602– 1T proposed in Internal Revenue Bulletin 2014– 28, Treasury Regulation section 301.7602–1(b)(3), or any similar or successor regulation, that is in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—ORGANIZATIONAL MODERNIZATION 
SEC. 401. MODIFICATION OF TITLE OF COMMIS-SIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE AND RELATED OFFICIALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7803(a)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATED TO  S
ECTION 7803.— (1) Subsections (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(C), (b)(3), (c)(1)(B)(i), and (c)(1)(B)(ii) of section 7803 are each amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of In-ternal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service’’. (2) Section 7803(b)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Commissioner’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator’s’’. (3) Subsections (a)(1)(D), (a)(1)(E), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(4), (b)(2)(A), (b)(2)(D), (b)(3), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.007 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3414 April 18, 2018 
(c)(2)(B)(iii), (c)(2)(C)(iv), and (c)(3) of section 7803, as amended by the preceding paragraphs of this subsection, are amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place it appears therein and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (4) The heading of section 7803 is amended by striking ‘‘commissioner of internal revenue ’’ and inserting ‘‘administrator of the internal revenue service’’. (5) The heading of section 7803(a) is amended by striking ‘‘C
OMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REV-
ENUE’’ and inserting ‘‘A DMINISTRATOR OF THE  I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE ’’. (6) The heading of section 7803(c)(3) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘C
OMMISSIONER ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
DMINISTRATOR ’’. (7) The table of sections for subchapter A of chapter 80 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 7803 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7803. Administrator of the Internal Rev-enue Service; other officials.’’. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO THE  I
NTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986.— (1) Section 6307(c) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service’’. (2) Section 6673(a)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Rev-enue Service’’. (3) Section 6707(c) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (4) Section 6707A(d) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator of the Internal Revenue Service’’, and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (5)(A) Subsections (a) and (g) of section 7345 are each amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Internal Revenue Service’’. (B) Section 7345(g) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘Deputy Commissioner for Serv-ices and Enforcement’’ and inserting ‘‘Deputy Administrator for Services and Enforcement’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘Commissioner of an operating division’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of an operating division’’. (C) Subsections (c)(1), (d) and (e)(1) of section 7345 are each amended by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ each place it appears therein and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator’’. (6) Section 7435(e) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place it appears therein and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (7) Section 7409(a)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Rev-enue Service’’. (8) Section 7608(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue (or, if designated by the Commissioner, the Deputy Commissioner or an Assistant Commissioner of Internal Rev-enue)’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service (or, if designated by the Administrator, the Deputy Administrator or an Assistant Administrator of the Internal Rev-enue Service)’’, and (B) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (9) Section 7611(b)(3)(C) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘regional commissioner’’ and inserting ‘‘re-gional administrator’’. (10) Section 7701(a)(13) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(13) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’, except where the context clearly indi-cates otherwise, means the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service.’’. (11)(A) Section 7804(a) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service’’. (B) Subsections (a), (b)(1), and (b)(2) of sec-tion 7804(a), as amended by subparagraph (A), are each amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place it appears therein and inserting ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’. (12) Section 7811(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or the Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service, or the Deputy Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service’’. (d) AMENDMENTS TO SECTION 8D OF THE IN-
SPECTOR GENERAL ACT OF 1978.— (1) Subsections (g)(2), (k)(1)(C), (l)(1), and (l)(2)(A) of section 8D of the Inspector General Act of 1978 are each amended by striking ‘‘Com-missioner of Internal Revenue’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice’’. (2) Section 8D(l)(2)(B) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place it ap-pears therein and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’. (e) O
THER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any provision of law, or regulation or other guid-ance, to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or to any Deputy or Assistant Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or to a Commissioner of any division or region of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, shall be treated as a reference to the Admin-istrator of the Internal Revenue Service, or to the appropriate Deputy or Assistant Adminis-trator of the Internal Revenue Service, or to the appropriate Administrator of such division or region, respectively. (f) C
ONTINUITY .—In the case of any individual appointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, as Commissioner of Internal Revenue under section 7803(a)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and serv-ing in such position immediately before the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendments made by this section shall be construed as changing the title of such individual and shall not be construed to— (1) require the reappoint of such individual under such section, or (2) alter the remaining term of such person under section 7803(a)(1)(B). 
SEC. 402. OFFICE OF THE NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE. 
(a) T AXPAYER ADVOCATE DIRECTIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7803(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) T
AXPAYER ADVOCATE DIRECTIVES .—In the case of any Taxpayer Advocate Directive issued by the National Taxpayer Advocate pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Adminis-trator of the Internal Revenue Service— ‘‘(A) the Administrator or a Deputy Adminis-trator shall modify, rescind, or ensure compli-ance with such directive not later than 90 days after the issuance of such directive, and ‘‘(B) in the case of any directive which is modified or rescinded by a Deputy Adminis-trator, the National Taxpayer Advocate may (not later than 90 days after such modification or rescission) appeal to the Administrator and the Administrator shall (not later than 90 days after such appeal is made) ensure compliance with such directive as issued by the National Taxpayer Advocate or provide the National Taxpayer Advocate with a detailed description of the reasons for any modification or rescission made or upheld by the Administrator pursuant to such appeal.’’. (2) R
EPORT TO CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS REGARDING DIRECTIVES .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by redesignating subclauses (VIII) through (XI) as subclauses (IX) through (XII), respectively, and by insert-ing after subclause (VII) the following new sub-clause: ‘‘(VIII) identify any Taxpayer Advocate Di-rective which was not honored by the Internal Revenue Service in a timely manner, as specified under paragraph (5);’’. (b) NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE ANNUAL  R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
NCLUSION OF MOST SERIOUS TAXPAYER  
PROBLEMS .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii)(III) is amended by striking ‘‘at least 20’’ and inserting ‘‘the 10’’. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH TREASURY INSPECTOR  
GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION .—Section 7803(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: . ‘‘(E) C
OORDINATION WITH TREASURY INSPEC -
TOR GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION .—Before beginning any research or study, the National Taxpayer Advocate shall coordinate with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion to ensure that the National Taxpayer Advo-cate does not duplicate any action that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administra-tion has already undertaken or has a plan to undertake.’’. (3) S
TATISTICAL SUPPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6108 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) S
TATISTICAL SUPPORT FOR NATIONAL  T
AXPAYER ADVOCATE .—The Secretary shall, upon request of the National Taxpayer Advo-cate, provide the National Taxpayer Advocate with statistical support in connection with the preparation by the National Taxpayer Advocate of the annual report described in section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii). Such statistical support shall include statistical studies, compilations, and the review of information provided by the National Taxpayer Advocate for statistical validity and sound statistical methodology.’’. (B) D
ISCLOSURE OF REVIEW .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating subclause (XII) as subclause (XIII) and by inserting after sub-clause (XI) the following new subclause: ‘‘(XII) with respect to any statistical informa-tion included in such report, include a state-ment of whether such statistical information was reviewed or provided by the Secretary under section 6108(d) and, if so, whether the Secretary determined such information to be sta-tistically valid and based on sound statistical methodology.’’. (C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(iii) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply with respect to statistical infor-mation provided to the Secretary for review, or received from the Secretary, under section 6108(d).’’. (c) S
ALARY OF NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVO-
CATE.—Section 7803(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘, or, if the Secretary of the Treasury so determines, at a rate fixed under section 9503 of such title’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act. (2) S
ALARY OF NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVO -
CATE.—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to compensation paid to individuals appointed as the National Taxpayer Advocate after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 403. ELIMINATION OF IRS OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 80 is amended by striking section 7802 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections of such subchapter). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 4946(c) is amended by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end of paragraph (6) and inserting a pe-riod, and by striking paragraph (7). (2) Section 6103(h) is amended by striking paragraph (6). (3) Section 7803(a) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (4) Section 7803(c)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘and the Oversight Board’’. (5) Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘the Oversight Board,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.007 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3415 April 18, 2018 
(6) Section 8D of the Inspector General Act of 1978 is amended— (A) in subsections (g)(2) and (h), by striking ‘‘the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board and’’, (B) in subsection (l)(1), by striking ‘‘or the In-ternal Revenue Service Oversight Board’’, and (C) in subsection (l)(2), by striking ‘‘and the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board’’. 
SEC. 404. MODERNIZATION OF INTERNAL REV-ENUE SERVICE ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service shall submit to Congress a comprehen-sive written plan to redesign the organization of the Internal Revenue Service. Such plan shall— (1) ensure the successful implementation of the priorities specified by Congress in this Act, (2) prioritize taxpayer services to ensure that all taxpayers easily and readily receive the as-sistance that they need, (3) streamline the structure of the agency in-cluding minimizing the duplication of services and responsibilities within the agency, (4) best position the Internal Revenue Service to combat cybersecurity and other threats to the Internal Revenue Service, and (5) address whether the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue Service should report directly to the Administrator. (b) R
EPEAL OF RESTRICTION ON ORGANIZA -
TIONAL STRUCTURE OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERV-
ICE.—Paragraph (3) of section 1001(a) of the In-ternal Revenue Service Restructuring and Re-form Act of 1998 shall cease to apply beginning 1 year after the date on which the Adminis-trator of the Internal Revenue Service submits to Congress the plan described in subsection (a). TITLE V—TAX COURT 
SEC. 501. DISQUALIFICATION OF JUDGE OR MAG-ISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7467. DISQUALIFICATION OF JUDGE OR MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
‘‘Section 455 of title 28, United States Code, shall apply to judges and magistrate judges of the Tax Court and to proceedings of the Tax Court.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for such part is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7467. Disqualification of judge or mag-istrate judge of the Tax Court.’’. 
SEC. 502. OPINIONS AND JUDGMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7459 is amended by striking all the precedes subsection (c) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7459. OPINIONS AND JUDGMENTS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—An opinion upon any proceeding instituted before the Tax Court and a judgment thereon shall be made as quickly as practicable. The judgment shall be made by a judge in accordance with the opinion of the Tax Court, and such judgment so made shall, when entered, be the judgment of the Tax Court. ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION OF FINDINGS OF FACT IN OPIN-
ION.—It shall be the duty of the Tax Court and of each division to include in its opinion or memorandum opinion upon any proceeding, its findings of fact. The Tax Court shall issue in writing all of its findings of fact, opinions, and memorandum opinions. Subject to such condi-tions as the Tax Court may by rule provide, the requirements of this subsection and of section 7460 are met if findings of fact or opinion are stated orally and recorded in the transcript of the proceedings.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO SECTION  7459.— (1) Subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) of section 7459 are each amended by striking ‘‘decision’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘judgment’’. (2) The headings of subsections (c), (d), and (e) of section 7459 are each amended by striking ‘‘DECISION ’’ and inserting ‘‘J UDGMENT ’’. (3) The item relating to section 7459 in the table of sections for part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7459. Opinions and judgments.’’. (c) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following provisions are each amended by striking ‘‘decision’’ and inserting ‘‘judg-ment’’: (A) Section 1313(a)(1). (B) Section 6213(a). (C) Section 6214(d). (D) Section 6225(a)(2). (E) Section 6226(g). (F) Section 6228(a)(6). (G) Subsections (a)(3)(B) and (c)(1)(A)(ii) of section 6230. (H) Section 6247(d). (I) Section 6252(e). (J) Section 6404(h)(2)(C). (K) Section 6503(a)(1). (L) Section 6673(a)(1)(C). (M) Subsections (c), (f), and (g) of section 6861. (N) Section 6863(b)(3)(C). (O) Section 7428(a). (P) Section 7428(c)(1)(C)(i). (Q) Section 7430(f)(3). (R) Section 7436(c)(2). (S) Section 7461(b)(2). (T) Subsections (a)(4), (b), and (d) of section 7463. (U) Subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b)(4) of section 7476. (V) Section 7477(a). (W) Section 7478(a)(2). (X) Subsections (a)(2) and (c) of section 7479. (2) The following provisions are each amended by striking ‘‘decision’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘judgment’’: (A) Subsections (a) and (b)(3) of section 6215. (B) Section 6226(h). (C) Section 6247(e). (D) Subsections (d) and (e) of section 6861. (E) Section 6863(b)(2). (F) Section 7422. (G) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 7460. (H) Subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) of section 7463. (I) Section 7482. (J) Section 7483. (K) Section 7485(b). (L) Section 7481. (3) Sections 7422 and 7482 are each amended by striking ‘‘decisions’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘judgments’’. (4) Section 7430(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘decision or’’ both places it appears. (5) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 7460 are each amended by striking ‘‘report’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘opinion’’. (6) Section 7461(a) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘reports’’ and inserting ‘‘opin-ions’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘report’’ and inserting ‘‘opin-ion’’. (7) Section 7462 is amended by striking ‘‘re-ports’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘opinions’’. (8) Section 7487(1) is amended by striking ‘‘de-cisions’’ and inserting ‘‘judgments’’. (9) The headings of sections 6214(b), 7463(b), 7481(a), 7481(b), 7481(d), and 7485(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘D
ECISIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘J
UDGMENTS ’’. (10) The headings of sections 6226(h), 6247(e), 6861(c), 6861(d), 7443A(c), 7481(a)(2), and 7481(a)(3) are each amended by striking ‘‘D
ECI-
SION’’ and inserting ‘‘J UDGMENT ’’. (11) The headings of sections 6863(b)(2), 6863(b)(3), 7430(f)(3), and 7482(a)(2)(B) are each amended by striking ‘‘
DECISION ’’ and inserting ‘‘
JUDGMENT ’’. (12) The heading of section 7436(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘
DECISIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘
JUDGMENT ’’. (13) The heading of section 7460(a) is amended by striking ‘‘REPORTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘O PIN-
IONS’’. (14) The heading of section 7462 is amended by striking ‘‘reports’’ and inserting ‘‘opinions’’. (15) The heading of subchapter D of chapter 76 is amended by striking ‘‘Decisions’’ and in- serting ‘‘Judgments’’. (16) The heading of section 7481 is amended by striking ‘‘decision’’ and inserting ‘‘judgment’’. (17) The item relating to section 7462 in the table of sections for part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7462. Publication of opinions.’’. (18) The item relating to subchapter D in the table of subchapters for chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER D .—COURT REVIEW OF TAX COURT  
JUDGMENTS ’’. (19) The item relating to section 7481 in the table of sections for part III of subchapter D of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7481. Date when Tax Court judgment be-comes final.’’. (d) C
ONTINUING EFFECT OF LEGAL DOCU-
MENTS .—All orders, decisions, reports, rules, permits, agreements, grants, contracts, certifi-cates, licenses, registrations, privileges, and other administrative actions, in connection with the Tax Court, which are in effect at the time this section takes effect, or were final before the effective date of this section and are to become effective on or after the effective date of this section, shall continue in effect according to their terms until modified, terminated, super-seded, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by the Tax Court. 
SEC. 503. TITLE OF SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGE CHANGED TO MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7443A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ in sub-sections (a) and (e) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the Tax Court’’, (2) by striking ‘‘special trial judges of the court’’ in subsection (b) and inserting ‘‘mag-istrate judges of the Tax Court’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ in sub-sections (c) and (d) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 7443A is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the tax court ’’. (2) The heading of section 7443A(b) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘S
PECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ and in- serting ‘‘M
AGISTRATE JUDGES OF THE TAX C
OURT ’’. (3) The item relating to section 7443A in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7443A. Magistrate judges of the Tax Court.’’. (4) The heading of section 7448 is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the tax court ’’. (5) Section 7448 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’s’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(6), (c)(1), (d), and (m)(1) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’s’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ each place it appears other than in subsection (n) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (6) Section 7448(n) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge which are allowable’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court which are allowable’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judge of the Tax Court’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (7) The heading of section 7448(b)(2) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘S
PECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ and in- serting ‘‘M
AGISTRATE JUDGES OF THE TAX  
COURT ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.007 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3416 April 18, 2018 
(8) The item relating to section 7448 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7448. Annuities to surviving spouses and dependent children of judges and magistrate judges of the Tax Court.’’. (9) Section 7456(a) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(or by the clerk’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of the Tax Court (or by the clerk’’. (10) Section 7466(a) is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge’’. (11) Section 7470A is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ both places it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘mag-istrate judges’’. (12) Section 7471(a)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘mag-istrate judges’’. (13) Section 7471(c) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘S
PECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘M
AGISTRATE JUDGES  
OF THE TAXCOURT ’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and in-serting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. 
SEC. 504. REPEAL OF DEADWOOD RELATED TO BOARD OF TAX APPEALS. 
(a) Section 7459 is amended by striking sub-section (f) and redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (f). (b) Section 7447(a)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) In any determination of length of service as judge or as a judge of the Tax Court of the United States there shall be included all periods (whether or not consecutive) during which an individual served as judge.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
EWIS) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on H.R. 5444, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today we are taking the biggest and boldest steps in 20 years, to redesign the IRS with a singular focus, taxpayer service. This bill will redesign the IRS for the first time in two decades. It refocuses the agency to live up to its mission of putting taxpayers first. Finally, it will rein in its enforcement powers to pre-vent future abuse. There are two important pieces of legislation being considered before the House today, H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act; and H.R. 5445, the 21st Cen-tury IRS Act. These bipartisan bills, the product of 2 years of work by the Committee on Ways and Means, will make the IRS a truly taxpayer-first agency in a number of different ways. First off, this bill puts an emphasis on customer service. We are requiring the IRS to submit to Congress plans to restructure the agency to improve effi-ciency, enhance cybersecurity, and bet-ter serve taxpayers. This will guar-antee that the IRS is living up to its ‘‘quality service’’ motto, while holding the agency accountable if it fails to meet these standards. In addition, our legislation encour-ages the IRS to adopt commonsense customer service features commonly seen in the private sector, such as a call-back option. Secondly, we are overhauling the IRS’ enforcement tools so families and small businesses can’t have property seized without fair notice and due proc-ess. Over and over again, we have heard stories from across the country of ab-solutely tragic abuses of power by the IRS. For example, we heard from Andrew Clyde, who served three combat tours in Iraq. Then he came home and opened a successful small business in Georgia, only to have the IRS unfairly seize $950,000 from him. Our legislation pre-vents outrageous enforcement abuses like this to protect American tax-payers from unfair seizures. Thirdly, the Taxpayer First Act re-minds the IRS they are not just an en-forcement agency, they are also our tax administrator. That is why this bill changes the title of the IRS chief from Commissioner to, more accurately, Ad-ministrator. Additionally, and this is important, Mr. Speaker, we are shifting the bur-den of proof back onto the IRS when examining taxpayers. This legislation establishes an Independent Office of Appeals within the agency to ensure that taxpayers receive a fair and im-partial review of disputes they may have with the IRS. It shouldn’t take a Freedom of Infor-mation Act request to see what evi-dence the IRS is bringing against you. This legislation will require that the IRS provide you with your own case file prior to any review of your dispute with the agency. It puts taxpayers on a level playing field, which is where they deserve to be. In the 21st Century IRS Act, we are revamping the IRS’ nearly ancient technology and better positioning the agency to proactively combat cyber threats. Right now, IRS technology is so out-dated that some systems date to the 1960s, and fax machines are still used for some official communications. This bill modernizes the IRS and ensures the agency is accountable for the bil-lions of dollars in IT that it spends each year. Lastly, the 21st Century IRS Act en-hances the agency’s ability to combat identity theft tax refund fraud by strengthening the IRS’ partnership with States and with cybersecurity ex-perts. b1345 This bill requires the IRS to prac-tically partner with States in the pri-vate sector that effectively combat identify thieves trying to steal our re-fund. I want to thank Oversight Sub-committee Chairman LYNN JENKINS  and Oversight Subcommittee Ranking Member J
OHN LEWIS for their tireless work on this important bill. With the new Tax Code, it is time for a redesign of our tax agency. This bi-partisan legislation truly refocuses the IRS to make it a taxpayer-first agency. Finally, Mr. Speaker, before I turn over the floor, I would like to recognize a good friend and trusted policy ad-viser, and by every measure, one of the very best to ever serve the Ways and Means Committee in the House, Mr. David Stewart. David began his congressional jour-ney in 2000, when he came to intern for Ways and Means Committee member, Congressman Phil English. Over his ca-reer as a staffer, David became a trust-ed voice on policy for Speaker John Boehner, for Speaker P
AULRYAN, and, 2
1⁄2years ago, for me, when he joined the Ways and Means Committee as staff director. This past year, with David’s steady leadership and immutable resolve, we were able to pass the first tax reform in a generation, which has boosted our economy and helped so many American families. David’s focus has always been on making lives better for all Ameri-cans, and I stand here to today to tell him: Job well done. David is a selfless public servant. He sacrificed so much time away from his family—his wife, Betsy, and his daugh-ters, Grace and Poppy—and yet he has served his nation so well. To say David works hard is an under-statement. Once, when he was asked how many hours he worked per week, David replied, simply, with, ‘‘A lot.’’ This also shows David’s wit and his wry sense of humor that has always made busy days brighter. His dedication to mastering intricate policy is unmatched, and I know, Mr. Speaker, I speak for all members and staff of the Ways and Means Com-mittee when I say: Thank you, David, for your service to the House and the Committee on Ways and Means. You will be greatly missed around here, my friend. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, April 12, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BRADY : I am writing to you regarding H.R. 5444, the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act’’. There are certain provisions in the leg-islation which fall within the Rule X juris-diction of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.007 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3417 April 18, 2018 
In the interest of permitting your com-mittee to proceed expeditiously to floor con-sideration of this important bill, I am will-ing to waive this committee’s right to se-quential referral. I do so with the under-standing that by waiving consideration of the bill the Committee on Financial Services does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdic-tion. I request that you urge the Speaker to name members of this committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. Please place this letter into the committee report on H.R. 5444 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this matter and others be-tween our respective committees. Sincerly, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for your letter concerning H.R. 5444, the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act’’ on which the Finan-cial Services Committee was granted an ad-ditional referral. I am most appreciative of your decision to waive formal consideration of H.R. 5444 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Financial Services Committee is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. I will include a copy of our letters in the Congressional Record during consideration of this legislation on the House floor. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
EN-
KINS), and I ask unanimous consent that she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man B
RADY for all of his great and good work and for all of his help. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5444. I am proud to join the gen-tlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) in introducing the Taxpayer First Act. I would like to begin by thanking the chairwoman for her good and great work on this bill. It was a wonderful opportunity and a great pleasure to work with Ms. J
ENKINS . I would also like to thank our friend and colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ), for his deter-mination to work together on behalf of the taxpayers. Finally, I would like to recognize our staff—Karen McAfee, Peg McGlinch, Machalagh Carr, Rachel Kaldahl, Liz Navin, Lindsay Steward, Meinan Gogo, Adam York, and Jamila Thompson—for all of their hard, good, and great work, and we will never forget you. Mr. Speaker, the process and the product should inspire each and every Member of this body. For over a year, the Ways and Means Oversight Sub-committee hosted hearings and roundtables. We listened and asked questions. We asked Democratic and Republican Members to provide feed-back. We reached out to taxpayers and advocates. We negotiated. We took our time, and, Mr. Speaker, I believe that we did it right. Together, we developed a bill that improves the independent appeals process and taxpayer services. Last month, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ) and I released a discussion draft of a bill that would strengthen the IRS and improve tax-payers’ services. We reviewed the com-ments and tried to include fixes where there was agreement. The process was transparent and inclusive, and the product is strong and timely. H.R. 5444 also makes commonsense updates to the structure of the IRS and the Tax Code. In particular, I am very proud of our work to improve IRS en-forcement. For example, we were able to address a shocking issue that the National Taxpayer Advocate raised in her 2017 annual report to Congress. It is hard to believe that the private debt collection program costs three times more than it collects. This flawed program targets and abuses thousands of low-income taxpayers by enrolling them in installment agree-ments that they simply cannot afford. That is not right. That is not fair. By removing low-income taxpayers from the private debt collection program, H.R. 5444 puts us on the right path. Unfortunately, the IRS experienced serious system problems yesterday. I am glad that the IRS acted quickly and extended the tax filing deadline. These problems showed us that we need to have an honest talk with ourselves about the work ahead. We all know that Congress cut the agency’s budget by almost $1 billion since 2010. This reduction harmed both taxpayer services and tax administra-tion. I have said time and time again that you cannot get blood from a tur-nip. I look forward to working with our colleagues to ensure that the agency has the tools and resources it needs. It is also important that taxpayers, especially those who are of low income, disabled, and senior citizens, receive fair, quality, and timely help and sup-port. Through it all, Mr. Speaker, our sub-committee did good work, necessary work. From the beginning, we com-mitted to bipartisanship, and we re-fused to abandon our course. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of our product and process. At every crossroad, we remem-bered the lessons from the past and chose to put the taxpayers first. Again, I urge all of our colleagues to support this bill. I hope that we will continue to work together and improve the taxpayers’ experience. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today marks a signifi-cant step forward for the American taxpayer as we take up the bipartisan Taxpayer First Act. The goal of this bill is simple: move the Internal Revenue Service toward being a truly customer service-focused agency, placing a renewed focus on treating taxpayers with respect and dignity. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Ways and Means Oversight Sub-committee Ranking Member, J OHN L
EWIS, for cosponsoring this legislation with me. Together, the subcommittee held 13 formal committee events over the past 3 years, looking at many aspects of how the IRS functions and where im-provements are clearly needed. It is in all of our interests for taxpayers to know that the IRS is treating them fairly and with respect. As a CPA, Members might have heard me talk before about my concerns with the interactions between the IRS and taxpayers. Not only have I heard these concerns while practicing in the pri-vate sector, but in my congressional of-fice as well. In handling constituent services re-quests through my office, I have found many instances of just outright lack of common sense in administering our Tax Code. As we looked at what changes needed to be made, we focused on the relationship between taxpayers and the government. That means a cus-tomer service experience akin to what Americans expect from the private sec-tor, with online services, callback op-tions, and improved support on the phone. To make sure taxpayers receive a fair and impartial review of disputes, we established the Independent Office of Appeals. This commitment to fair and impar-tial treatment is the bedrock of the faith Americans place in the IRS. The vast majority of tax revenues come into the Treasury voluntarily. According to the National Taxpayer Advocate, only 2 percent of all tax rev-enue collected comes from IRS enforce-ment actions. A service-oriented, tax-payer-first IRS is key to supporting voluntary compliance. Our bill also makes permanent the IRS Free File Program, which is not only a win for the taxpayer, but saves the IRS time as well. This common-sense provision is one of the many in-cluded in this legislation that has strong bipartisan support and furthers the IRS mission to promote electronic filing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.009 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3418 April 18, 2018 
This bill also includes important tax-payer protections to ensure that the IRS enforcement powers are fair and transparent. For example, this bill in-cludes safeguards to ensure that indi-viduals and small businesses are pro-tected from improper seizures by the IRS. Lastly, the bill tasks the IRS to de-velop and submit to Congress a com-prehensive plan to restructure the agency, ensuring that it is best posi-tioned to meet the needs of taxpayers today and into the future. In short, this is the reform I prom-ised my constituents in Kansas and the reforms that all Americans deserve. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note that we have received a score from the Congressional Budget Office, which I include in the R
ECORD . U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, April 16, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 5444—T
AXPAYER FIRST ACT As reported by the House Committee on Ways and Means on April 13, 2018 
SUMMARY  H.R. 5444 would make a number of changes to the management and oversight of the In-ternal Revenue Service (IRS). The bill would: Aim to improve customer service and the taxpayer appeals assistance process; Restrict certain IRS enforcement activi-ties; Modify the agency’s organization; and Change the operations of the U.S. Tax Court. The staff of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation (JCT) estimates that enacting the bill would reduce revenues by $102 million over the 2019–2028 period, and CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 5444 would decrease direct spending by $51 million over the same period. On net, H.R. 5444 would increase deficits by $52 million over the period. CBO has not completed an estimate of the bill’s costs that are subject to annual appropriation. Because enacting the bill would affect di-rect spending and revenues, pay-as-you-go procedures apply. CBO and JCT estimate that enacting H.R. 5444 would not increase net direct spending or significantly affect on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2029. JCT has reviewed H.R. 5444 and determined that it contains no intergovernmental or pri-vate-sector mandates as defined in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA). 
ESTIMATED COST TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  The estimated budgetary effect of H.R. 5444 is shown in the following table. The costs of the legislation fall within budget function 800 (general government). 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2019– 2023 2019– 2028 
DECREASES IN REVENUES Estimated Revenues ............................................................................................................. ......................................................................... 0 ¥32 ¥57 ¥12 ¥1 * * * * * * ¥101 ¥102 DECREASES IN DIRECT SPENDING
a Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ..................................................................... 0 ¥16 ¥29 ¥6 * * * * * * * ¥51 ¥51 Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ........................................................................... 0 ¥16 ¥29 ¥6 * * * * * * * ¥51 ¥51 NET INCREASE IN THE DEFICIT FROM CHANGES IN DIRECT SPENDING AND REVENUES Effect on the Deficit .......................................................................................................... ............................................................................ 0 16 29 6 * * * * * * * 51 52 
Components may not sum to totals because of rounding; * = between ¥$500,000 and zero. 
aCBO expects that implementing the bill would increase spending for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that is subject to approp riation. CBO has not completed an estimate of those costs. In 2018, the Congress appropriated $11.1 bil- lion for IRS operations. 
BASIS OF ESTIMATE  For purposes of this estimate, CBO as-sumes that H.R. 5444 will be enacted by the end of fiscal year 2018. 
REVENUES  Under current law, the IRS is authorized to use private debt collection companies to lo-cate and contact taxpayers who owe federal taxes and to arrange for the payment of those amounts. The bill would prohibit the use of private collection companies when the affected taxpayer’s adjusted gross income is at or below 250 percent of the poverty level (as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury). The provision would take effect six months after the enactment of the legis-lation and end in December 2019. JCT esti-mates that the change would reduce reve-nues by $102 million over the 2019–2028 pe-riod. The provision also would affect direct spending, as discussed under the heading, ‘‘Direct Spending.’’ JCT estimates that other provisions in the bill would reduce revenues by an insignifi-cant amount in each year. 
DIRECT SPENDING  The bill’s prohibition on using private debt collectors in certain cases would reduce di-rect spending. Under current law, the IRS enters into contracts with private companies to collect delinquent tax liabilities owed to the federal government. Under those con-tracts, the IRS may allow those businesses to retain up to 25 percent of the amounts they collect. Another 25 percent of the amounts collected is available to the IRS to spend on enforcement activities. CBO esti-mates that repealing the private debt collec-tion authority and allowing the current con-tracts to expire would reduce direct spending by $51 million over the 2019–2028 period, or 50 percent of the estimated reduction in reve-nues stemming from this provision. Other provisions in the bill would have an insignificant effect on direct spending. 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO CONSIDERATIONS  The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 establishes budget-reporting and enforce-ment procedures for legislation affecting di-rect spending or revenues. The net changes in outlays and revenues that are subject to those pay-as-you-go procedures are shown in the following table. 
CBO ESTIMATE OF PAY-AS-YOU-GO EFFECTS FOR H.R. 5444, THE TAXPAYER FIRST ACT, AS ORDERED REPORTED BY THE HOUSE COMMITTEE ON WAYS  AND MEANS ON APRIL 11, 2018 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2018– 2023 2018– 2029 
NET INCREASE IN THE DEFICIT Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Impact ................................................................................................. .................................................................. 0 16 29 6 * * * * * * * 51 52 Memorandum: Decreases in Outlays ........................................................................................................... ................................................................. 0 ¥16 ¥29 ¥6 * * * * * * * ¥51 ¥51 Decreases in Revenues .......................................................................................................... .............................................................. 0 ¥32 ¥57 ¥12 ¥1 * * * * * * ¥101 ¥102 
INCREASE IN LONG -TERM DIRECT SPENDING AND  
DEFICITS  CBO and JCT estimate that enacting H.R. 5444 would not increase net direct spending or significantly affect on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2029. MANDATES  JCT has reviewed H.R. 5444 and determined that it contains no intergovernmental or pri-vate-sector mandates as defined in UMRA. 
ESTIMATE PREPARED BY  Federal Costs: Janet Holtzblatt and Mat-thew Pickford. 
ESTIMATE REVIEWED BY  Kim P. Cawley, Chief, Natural and Phys-ical Resources Cost Estimates Unit. H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Di-rector for Budget Analysis. Theresa Gullo, Assistant Director for Budget Analysis. John McClelland, Assistant Director for Tax Analysis. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.034 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3419 April 18, 2018 
from California (Ms. E SHOO ), my good friend. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank our beloved J
OHN LEWIS for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act. This is bipartisan legisla-tion, and it was unanimously reported out by the Committee on Ways and Means on April 13. It includes a number of important provisions that will mod-ernize, as the Members have been say-ing, and improve how the IRS admin-isters the Federal Tax Code. The legislation also makes perma-nent a popular IRS program that has helped prepare 50 million free returns and e-filings over the last 15 years, sav-ing taxpayers more than $1.5 billion— yes, with a B—in tax compliance costs. That program is the Free File Pro-gram. It is an effective partnership be-tween the IRS and the tax preparation community that provides free indi-vidual tax preparation and e-filing services to taxpayers with incomes in the bottom 70 percent. I have been a strong supporter of stand-alone legislation on this issue over several Congresses, and I am real-ly pleased to see that it is included in H.R. 5444. The Free File Program is also a prod-uct of the decentralized system of pri-vate taxpayers that we have in place for the American public to file their taxes each year. Consumers have a choice when it comes to whom they choose to prepare their taxes, and choice is a product of competition and the primary ingredient for innovation. Some have argued that this should be a centralized system, requiring all tax-payers to file their tax returns using one system housed under one roof. But just yesterday, we saw the IRS elec-tronic filing system and e-services crash, and they remained out of service for most of the day. I think taxpayers are better served when they have a de-centralized tax ecosystem that can continue to run smoothly in the face of large and unexpected shocks to the sys-tem. We live every day with the increasing threat of data breaches and cyber at-tacks that threaten the financial sta-bility of more and more Americans, and it is even a greater argument against housing our tax infrastructure under one roof. Imagine the target this could create for the world’s most dan-gerous cybercriminals. So I am proud to support this bipar-tisan legislation, because I think it is an excellent example of what both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, can do when we work to-gether for the good of the American people. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to vote ‘‘aye’’ on H.R. 5444. b1400 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ). Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman JENKINS and Ranking Member L
EWIS for their work on this, and I am pleased that the underlying bill includes the RESPECT Act, which deals with civil asset forfeiture abuses by the Internal Revenue Service, and I strongly urge the other body to take this up. Mr. Speaker, I want to pick up on one of the themes that the gentle-woman from California just men-tioned—the Free File Program—and explain why it is important. She mentioned a decentralized pro-gram which makes all of the sense in the world. She mentioned a level of predictability that makes all the sense in the world. There are opponents to this, however, and I just scratch my head. There are some fringe groups that have said: Oh, no, no, no, that is a bad idea. Instead, what they are proposing is this: that the Internal Revenue Service fills out your tax returns; that the In-ternal Revenue Service acts as judge, jury, and executioner. That is a ter-rible idea. It is called ReadyReturn. It is a disaster. We ought not do that. Instead, as the gentlewoman from California said, let’s do this program. It saves untold sums of money. It is a great benefit to modest taxpayers— those who are earning less than $66,000 in their adjusted gross income—and it also puts the onus on the private sector to actively participate in this process. So in a nutshell, this is a good bill. It is well thought out. It is bipartisan. It has been well crafted and well con-templated, and I urge its passage. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), who is a member of the Health, Oversight, and Tax Policy Sub-committees. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy, and I appreciate his hard work with Chair J
ENKINS moving this forward. This is an example of—maybe people don’t think it is earthshaking—but being able to come together and deal with things that make a difference with the IRS, which is the largest vol-untary tax compliance system in the world. It is very important. And I am pleased, with the reference to 13 hear-ings and a lot of the back and forth, being able to reach consensus. But let me say, I wish that those two people who led this effort had been em-powered to do a deep dive into some of the dysfunctionality that has been im-posed on the IRS. Since 2010, the IRS is dealing with more and more returns which are more and more complex, and my Republican friends have slashed the people who work on it. We haven’t modernized the computer system which those of us who took our first computer programming in the 1970s, I think, would be equipped to work on. It is so outdated. We have cut the people who were in-volved with enforcement. Now, I would wish that everybody would voluntarily comply, but everybody doesn’t. And as a result, those people who work on en-forcement make about $6 for the tax-payer for every dollar we invest in their efforts. And, more importantly, it is a signal that everybody is going to be treated fairly. The people who cut corners, who forget, or who outright cheat are taking away money from the government and putting the burden on others who not only have to pick up the slack, but the people who cheat get an unfair advantage in how they do business. They are more profitable because they don’t pay their full freight. That is stupid, unfair, and it is counter-productive. That is one of the reasons why we have a $450 billion tax gap—the difference between what is owed as a result of people’s tax liability and what is paid. My friends on the other side of the aisle have been involved with pun-ishing the IRS for things real and imagined. But who has really suffered has been the taxpayer, people who can’t get their phone calls answered. The IRS doesn’t have staff in customer service who can readily answer con-cerns that taxpayers have. I am outraged when I hear attorneys and accountants in my community say: Yeah, I had a client who had a legiti-mate claim and they would have gotten that $4,000 back, but I had to tell them that, because of the dysfunctionality and the underinvestment in the IRS, it would cost them more for me to fix it for them than they would get back. That is a scandal. We ought to make sure that we have a fully functioning IRS that meets the needs of the tax-payers, that gives them the answers that they need, that makes a very clear signal that everybody needs to fulfill their civic obligations to pay their taxes, and that businesses that cheat or forget are not going to get an unfair advantage over people who work hard to follow the rules. Our deficit would be $450 billion less if we did this properly. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
LO-
RES). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman because I wanted to make one other point. But I must confess that one of the other reasons that I am really deeply concerned about that now is that it wasn’t just that we weren’t able to do a deep dive on the causes of dysfunctionality and underinvestment in the IRS. It is no secret that one of my highest priorities as a Member of Congress and as a member of the Ways and Means Committee, was to be there to help us fulfill our responsibility on that com-mittee dealing with the resources nec-essary to rebuild and renew America. It is no secret that America is falling apart while we are falling behind. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.035 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3420 April 18, 2018 
have a growing gap in our Highway Trust Fund that has lost 40 percent of its purchasing power. We are not able to meet our current commitments, let alone the commitments we have in the future. The Ways and Means Committee al-lowed the Superfund tax to expire. So now we have a Superfund to clean up toxic waste that has blighted commu-nities across the country, but we no longer have a tax that pays for it. So that burden has been shifted to inno-cent parties and local government. I have been working with the last three chairs of our Ways and Means Committee, asking that we have some robust hearings on our responsibility for transportation. The Transportation and Infrastruc-ture Committee deals with the author-ization of the Surface Transportation Assistance Act, but the Ways and Means Committee is responsible for funding it. A couple of weeks ago, there was a hearing in the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on our job. They heard from witnesses from labor, from business, the U.S. Chamber, trucking associations—a wide range of people who came in and asked us to raise taxes on them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I really will wrap up. But we have had no hearing like the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee had. They brought all of the witnesses in to talk about our job. The last three chairs of the Ways and Means Committee from my Republican friends, in 7 years and 3 months, have had exactly one witness on our respon-sibility to raise the revenue for trans-portation, not one hearing. We had 380 hearings. We had one 5-minute witness who talked about the need to meet our responsibilities. Mr. Speaker, why do we have to go to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to hear our job? Isn’t it about time that my Republican friends allowed us to have a week or two to lis-ten to the wide array of people who want us to fulfill our responsibility to rebuild and renew America and to pay for it? It is past time for that hearing, and I hope we have it. And then we act on what people tell us. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues Ms. J
EN-
KINS and Mr. L EWIS, and Chairman B
RADY and Ranking Member N EAL, for working on such a commonsense bill that is very bipartisan, of course. We expect to see that kind of support on the floor as well as that of the com-mittee. I rise in support of this great bill, H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act. My bill—and I thank the committee—H.R. 5386, the IRS Fair Appeals Saving Tax-payers Act, or IRS FAST Act, was in-cluded in the final text of the under-lying bill. So this bill, in particular, will help hardworking taxpayers navi-gate the IRS maze by requiring the IRS to turn over all nonprivileged docu-ments to an individual or business if the taxpayer appeals the IRS’ deter-mination decision. Taxpayers are finally being given an equal playing field. Under current law, the IRS will only turn over a tax-payer’s documents through a Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA request, a process which most taxpayers don’t know even exists. It takes a long time and is difficult to navigate. In a court of law, everyone has the right to see the evidence that will be used against them, and the IRS is not above the law and should not be able to play games with taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, it shouldn’t take a FOIA, a Freedom of Information Act, request to see what evidence the IRS is going to use against you. The IRS FAST Act, which is within H.R. 5444, will require the IRS to provide tax-payers with their case file prior to any review of their dispute with the IRS. It is common sense and the taxpayers have a victory here. Allowing tax-payers this opportunity is an impor-tant step toward bringing account-ability and transparency to the IRS. It will improve the experience for tax-payers when navigating the IRS ap-peals process, saving them time and money. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to see my bill included in the final legislation, H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act, and I thank my colleagues for their leader-ship. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D
AVIS), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. L
EWIS for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act. In par-ticular, I commend Representatives L
EWIS and J ENKINS for their leadership to prevent private debt collectors from pursuing tax collections from individ-uals and families earning under 250 per-cent of the Federal poverty level. I was deeply disturbed by the report of the Taxpayer Advocate which found that private debt collection enforce-ment this year targeted SSDI and SSI recipients, subjected impoverished So-cial Security recipients to levies, and put 45 percent of the studied taxpayers into installment agreements they could not afford. The private debt collection program appears to have increased the profits of debt collectors at the expense of the disabled, retirees, and impoverished— counter to IRS policy and decency. Creating an independent appeals proc-ess, improving the offer in compromise program, and modernizing the IRS are overdue improvements. So I thank Ranking Member LEWIS and Chairman J
ENKINS for their leader-ship, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ). Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act. I want to thank Chairman J
ENKINS  and Ranking Member L
EWIS for their thoughtful approach to this legislation. Many of these reforms, I think we can all agree, are long overdue, and the American taxpayer deserves better. b1415 By requiring the IRS to submit to Congress a comprehensive customer service strategy and overhauling the tools of enforcement in order to pro-tect American taxpayers, we will be creating a culture at the agency that will focus on one singular mission, and that is taxpayers first. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, this should be the motto of every Federal agency. For the first time, this bill will cod-ify an Independent Office of Appeals, so that all taxpayers have access to an ad-ministrative review process, and give Congress additional oversight over the agency itself. Additionally, the Taxpayer First Act simplifies enforcement actions of the IRS so that individuals and small-busi-ness owners understand their liabilities and what potential actions could be taken by the IRS. I also want to thank the committee for including a number of important provisions to this bill to protect tax-payers’ identities and further combat cybersecurity threats. In recent years, we all know that millions of Americans have had their personal and financial information sto-len and jeopardized through data breaches of companies like Equifax, Target, and even at the Office of Per-sonnel Management. I am glad to see Congress continuing to push for proactive measures to pro-tect Americans against tax fraud schemes by working with Federal, State, and private partners. These pro-tections will be especially important as the IRS seeks to modernize its services and its IT systems. With the recent passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Congress passed leg-islation to reform our Nation’s Tax Code for the first time in over 30 years. Today we have the opportunity to begin reforming the Internal Revenue Service for the first time in 20 years. Mr. Speaker, this is vitally impor-tant legislation, and I urge all Mem-bers to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. S
EWELL ). The Con-gresswoman is a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 5444, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.048 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3421 April 18, 2018 
the Taxpayer First Act. I want to take a point of personal privilege and con-gratulate the gentlewoman from Kan-sas and the gentleman from Georgia for working together and showing the Na-tion that, indeed, Democrats and Re-publicans can put party aside and actu-ally get something done here in the Na-tion’s Capitol. I especially want to thank the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman L
EWIS, who, of course, is a native son of Alabama. On this tax day, this bill is an oppor-tunity for us to change the relation-ship many taxpayers have with the In-ternal Revenue Service. Tax season is a stressful time for millions of Ameri-cans, and the compliance burden on the average American and small-business owner is unnecessarily difficult. We are taking important steps today to make the tax filing experience more sensible, fairer, and more efficient. The base text of this bill includes the text of the bill that I introduced with our Republican colleague, J
ASON  S
MITH, the Preserving Taxpayers’ Rights Act. Our provisions, as a part of this bill, will introduce process reforms in four ways to help the Internal Rev-enue Service become more efficient and strengthen its ability to provide serv-ice to its customers. First, our provisions would maintain taxpayers’ legal right to have their case heard by the independent and im-partial IRS Office of Appeals to ensure the timely, efficient, and cost-effective resolution of any tax disputes between a taxpayer and the IRS. Secondly, it will ensure that cases the IRS designates for litigation can only be used where the matter involves a tax abuse that affects a large amount of taxpayers. Thirdly, the provision in our bill that is in this underlying text would ensure that the use of designated summonses that extend the time period for the IRS to assess a tax liability are properly authorized and only used when tax-payers are uncooperative and refuse to provide information requested by the IRS. Finally, the provision would also pre-vent the IRS from outsourcing Federal tax audits of private taxpayers to out-side law firms. In summary, our provisions in the bill will improve the independent ap-peals process, ensuring that the exist-ing right of appeal is maintained and strengthened for taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, overall, H.R. 5444 is a good bill that will make the tax filing experience much more sensible, fairer, and efficient. I urge all of my col-leagues to support this bill. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairwoman J
ENKINS for yield-ing the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5444, the Taxpayer First Act. As I travel around my district, one of the common concerns that I hear and complaints that I hear is that the IRS is not user friendly, that it is not at-tentive and isn’t efficient, effective, and accountable. We do a lot with this bill here today to change that. This is a good piece of legislation. I would like to thank Chairwoman JENKINS as well as Ranking Member L
EWIS for their hard work and leader-ship throughout the drafting of this legislation. Over the past several months, the House Ways and Means Committee and the Oversight Subcommittee, in par-ticular, on which I serve, have focused on finding bipartisan legislative solu-tions which will make much-needed changes at the IRS. Ensuring an effi-cient, accountable, and transparent IRS is key to restoring the trust be-tween taxpayers and the agency. It is also necessary for effective implemen-tation of our reformed Tax Code. We have a responsibility to provide taxpayers with the tools and resources they need to make filing their taxes simpler, which was also a major goal of tax reform. We must ensure that the IRS puts customer service first so that tax-payers can have confidence that their information is protected and that we upgrade the IRS technology for the 21st century. Unfortunately, it has been over 20 years since major reforms were made to the IRS, but through the passage of this legislation and others on the floor this week, we have an opportunity to finally bring about these changes. I am also pleased that the Taxpayer First Act includes H.R. 5342, the Im-proving Assistance for Taxpayers Act, which I authored and introduced as part of this process. Currently, the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, located within the IRS, rep-resents taxpayer interests and helps address both individual and systemic issues at the agency. When it comes to addressing sys-temic issues, the Taxpayer Advocate can issue what is called a Taxpayer Ad-vocate Directive. Unfortunately, these orders are not always responded to in a detailed and timely manner or even ad-dressed at all. My bill aims to improve this process. Specifically, the IRS would be required to respond to Taxpayer Advocate Di-rectives within 90 days. We also estab-lish an appeals process when the advo-cate deems necessary. If detailed and timely responses are not provided, the Taxpayer Advocate must report such instances to the Congress. These changes will improve accountability and ensure substantive and timely an-swers for taxpayers dealing with an issue at the IRS. Mr. Speaker, after two decades and with a new Tax Code to be imple-mented, the time is now to improve the Internal Revenue Service through these bipartisan and commonsense re-forms. We need to continue our work in putting taxpayers first, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5444. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume to close. Mr. Speaker, working to improve taxpayer service is no easy task. Every person in this body agrees on the im-portance of better access to quality taxpayer service, whether it is online, over the phone, or in person. The IRS is a complex organization that is responsible for a core function of our government. We asked for input from Members of Congress, Federal agencies, and the public. When we reached out, we were responsive and thoughtful. We will continue to work to improve the IRS, to support their staff, and to put taxpayers first. Again, I want to thank my friend, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
EN-
KINS), the subcommittee members, and all of the staff for their hard, great, and good work for this bill. Most important, Members of Con-gress must remain focused on doing what is right, what is just, and what is in the best interests for every Amer-ican taxpayer. I encourage all of our colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5444. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this thoughtful, bipar-tisan legislation will help refocus the IRS on its taxpayer service mission. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5444 . . . the Tax-payer First Act . . . which would reform the IRS to focus on serving the taxpayers instead of the federal government. This commonsense approach should be just that. However, under the previous administra-tion, we saw how the IRS was weaponized against certain citizens and groups. This is un-acceptable and the American people deserve better. This bill would require the IRS to focus on customer service by improving the dispute res-olution process within the agency; requiring the IRS to maintain the free file program; en-suring the IRS notifies taxpayers when they are conducting an audit; and requiring the IRS to submit plans to improve customer service and efficiency to Congress. These reforms will make sure taxpayers are respected and treated fairly by the IRS. As President Reagan famously said, ‘‘The most terrifying words in the English language are: ‘I’m from the government and I’m here to help.’ ’’ That’s a scary prospect but should not keep us from working to make government more accessible and customer friendly. This bill would refocus the mission of the IRS to actually help taxpayers, instead of only target and punish them. As a former state treasurer of Kansas, I un-derstand the importance of being a good stew-ard of taxpayer’s hard-earned money. This bill works to accomplish that goal and I urge my colleagues to support it. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 831, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.038 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3422 April 18, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
21ST CENTURY IRS ACT Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, pursuant to House Resolution 831, I call up the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove cybersecurity and taxpayer iden-tity protection, and modernize the in-formation technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 831, the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, printed in the bill, is considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 5445 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘21st Century IRS Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as oth-erwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be consid-ered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents of this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; etc. TITLE I—CYBERSECURITY AND IDENTITY PROTECTION Sec. 101. Public-private partnership to address identity theft refund fraud. Sec. 102. Recommendations of Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Com-mittee regarding identity theft re-fund fraud. Sec. 103. Information sharing and analysis cen-ter. Sec. 104. Compliance by contractors with con-fidentiality safeguards. Sec. 105. Report on electronic payments. TITLE II—DEVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Sec. 201. Management of Internal Revenue Service information technology. Sec. 202. Development of online accounts and portals. Sec. 203. Internet platform for Form 1099 fil-ings. TITLE III—MODERNIZATION OF CONSENT- BASED INCOME VERIFICATION SYSTEM Sec. 301. Disclosure of taxpayer information for third-party income verification. Sec. 302. Limit redisclosures and uses of con-sent-based disclosures of tax re-turn information. TITLE IV—EXPANDED USE OF ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS Sec. 401. Electronic filing of returns. Sec. 402. Uniform standards for the use of elec-tronic signatures for disclosure authorizations to, and other au-thorizations of, practitioners. Sec. 403. Payment of taxes by debit and credit cards. TITLE I—CYBERSECURITY AND IDENTITY PROTECTION SEC. 101. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIP TO AD-DRESS IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate) shall work collaboratively with the public and private sectors to protect taxpayers from identity theft refund fraud. 
SEC. 102. RECOMMENDATIONS OF ELECTRONIC TAX ADMINISTRATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE REGARDING IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure that the advisory group convened by the Sec-retary pursuant to section 2001(b)(2) of the In-ternal Revenue Service Restructuring and Re-form Act of 1998 (commonly known as the Elec-tronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee) studies (including by providing organized public forums) and makes recommendations to the Sec-retary regarding methods to prevent identity theft and refund fraud. 
SEC. 103. INFORMATION SHARING AND ANALYSIS CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may participate in an information sharing and analysis center to centralize, standardize, and enhance data compilation and analysis to facilitate sharing actionable data and information with respect to identity theft tax refund fraud. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF PERFORMANCE  M
ETRICS .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall develop metrics for measuring the success of such center in de-tecting and preventing identity theft tax refund fraud. (c) D
ISCLOSURE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6103(k) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(13) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
FOR PURPOSES OF CYBERSECURITY AND THE PRE -
VENTION OF IDENTITY THEFT TAX REFUND  
FRAUD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Under such procedures and subject to such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may disclose speci-fied return information to specified ISAC par-ticipants to the extent that the Secretary deter-mines such disclosure is in furtherance of effec-tive Federal tax administration relating to the detection or prevention of identity theft tax re-fund fraud, validation of taxpayer identity, au-thentication of taxpayer returns, or detection or prevention of cybersecurity threats. ‘‘(B) S
PECIFIED ISAC PARTICIPANTS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified ISAC participant’ means— ‘‘(I) any person designated by the Secretary as having primary responsibility for a function performed with respect to the information shar-ing and analysis center described in section 403(a) of the 21st Century IRS Act, and ‘‘(II) any person subject to the requirements of section 7216 and which is a participant in such information sharing and analysis center. ‘‘(ii) I
NFORMATION SHARING AGREEMENT .— Such term shall not include any person unless such person has entered into a written agree-ment with the Secretary setting forth the terms and conditions for the disclosure of information to such person under this paragraph, including requirements regarding the protection and safe-guarding of such information by such person. ‘‘(C) SPECIFIED RETURN INFORMATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘specified return information’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of a return which is in connec-tion with a case of potential identity theft re-fund fraud— ‘‘(I) in the case of such return filed electroni-cally, the internet protocol address, device iden-tification, email domain name, speed of comple-tion, method of authentication, refund method, and such other return information related to the electronic filing characteristics of such return as the Secretary may identify for purposes of this subclause, and ‘‘(II) in the case of such return prepared by a tax return preparer, identifying information with respect to such tax return preparer, includ-ing the preparer taxpayer identification number and electronic filer identification number of such preparer, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a return which is in con-nection with a case of a identity theft refund fraud which has been confirmed by the Sec-retary (pursuant to such procedures as the Sec-retary may provide), the information referred to in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i), the name and taxpayer identification number of the tax-payer as it appears on the return, and any bank account and routing information provided for making a refund in connection with such re-turn, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of any cybersecurity threat to the Internal Revenue Service, information similar to the information described in sub-clauses (I) and (II) of clause (i) with respect to such threat. ‘‘(D) R
ESTRICTION ON USE OF DISCLOSED IN -
FORMATION .— ‘‘(i) D
ESIGNATED THIRD PARTIES .—Any return information received by a person described in subparagraph (B)(i)(I) shall be used only for the purposes of and to the extent necessary in— ‘‘(I) performing the function such person is designated to perform under such subpara-graph, ‘‘(II) facilitating disclosures authorized under subparagraph (A) to persons described in sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II), and ‘‘(III) facilitating disclosures authorized under subsection (d) to participants in such in-formation sharing and analysis center. ‘‘(ii) R
ETURN PREPARERS .—Any return infor-mation received by a person described in sub-paragraph (B)(i)(II) shall be treated for pur-poses of section 7216 as information furnished to such person for, or in connection with, the prep-aration of a return of the tax imposed under chapter 1. ‘‘(E) D
ATA PROTECTION AND SAFEGUARDS .—Re- turn information disclosed under this paragraph shall be subject to such protections and safe-guards as the Secretary may require in regula-tions or other guidance or in the written agree-ment referred to in subparagraph (B)(ii). Such written agreement shall include a requirement that any unauthorized access to information disclosed under this paragraph, and any breach of any system in which such information is held, be reported to the Treasury Inspector Gen-eral for Tax Administration.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PEN -
ALTIES .— (A) Section 6103(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (k)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (10) or (13) of subsection (k)’’. (B) Section 7213(a)(2) is amended by inserting ‘‘or (13)’’ after ‘‘(k)(10)’’. 
SEC. 104. COMPLIANCE BY CONTRACTORS WITH CONFIDENTIALITY SAFEGUARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(p) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.040 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3423 April 18, 2018 
‘‘(9) D ISCLOSURE TO CONTRACTORS AND OTHER  
AGENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no return or return information shall be disclosed to any contractor or other agent of a Federal, State, or local agency unless such agency, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) has requirements in effect which require each such contractor or other agent which would have access to returns or return informa-tion to provide safeguards (within the meaning of paragraph (4)) to protect the confidentiality of such returns or return information, ‘‘(B) agrees to conduct an on-site review every 3 years (or a mid-point review in the case of contracts or agreements of less than 3 years in duration) of each contractor or other agent to determine compliance with such requirements, ‘‘(C) submits the findings of the most recent review conducted under subparagraph (B) to the Secretary as part of the report required by paragraph (4)(E), and ‘‘(D) certifies to the Secretary for the most re-cent annual period that such contractor or other agent is in compliance with all such re-quirements. The certification required by subparagraph (D) shall include the name and address of each con-tractor and other agent, a description of the contract or agreement with such contractor or other agent, and the duration of such contract or agreement. The requirements of this para-graph shall not apply to disclosures pursuant to subsection (n) for purposes of Federal tax ad-ministration.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6103(p)(8)(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘or para-graph (9)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 105. REPORT ON ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary (or the Sec-retary’s delegate), in coordination with the Bu-reau of Fiscal Service and the Internal Revenue Service, and in consultation with private sector financial institutions, shall submit a written re-port to Congress describing how the government can utilize new payment platforms to increase the number of tax refunds paid by electronic funds transfer. Such report shall weigh the in-terests of reducing identity theft tax refund fraud, reducing the Federal Government’s costs in delivering tax refunds, the costs and any as-sociated fees charged to taxpayers (including monthly and point-of-service fees) to access their tax refunds, the impact on individuals who do not have access to financial accounts or in-stitutions, and ensuring payments are made to accounts at a financial institution that complies with section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, chapter 2 of title I of Public Law 91-508, and subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to collec-tively as the ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act’’) and the USA PATRIOT Act. Such report shall include any legislative recommendations necessary to accom-plish these goals. TITLE II—DEVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
SEC. 201. MANAGEMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE INFORMATION TECH-NOLOGY. 
(a) D UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF INTERNAL  R
EVENUE SERVICE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFI-
CER.—Section 7803 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE CHIEF INFOR -
MATION OFFICER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be in the Inter-nal Revenue Service an Internal Revenue Serv-ice Chief Information Officer (hereafter referred to in this subsection as the ‘IRS CIO’) who shall be appointed by the Administrator of the Inter-nal Revenue Service. ‘‘(2) C
ENTRALIZED RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTER -
NAL REVENUE SERVICE INFORMATION TECH -NOLOGY .—The Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service (and the Secretary) shall act through the IRS CIO with respect to all develop-ment, implementation, and maintenance of in-formation technology for the Internal Revenue Service. Any reference in this subsection to the IRS CIO which directs the IRS CIO to take any action, or to assume any responsibility, shall be treated as a reference to the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service acting through the IRS CIO. ‘‘(3) G
ENERAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— The IRS CIO shall— ‘‘(A) be responsible for the development, im-plementation, and maintenance of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(B) ensure that the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service is secure and in-tegrated, ‘‘(C) maintain operational control of all infor-mation technology for the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(D) be the principal advocate for the infor-mation technology needs of the Internal Rev-enue Service, and ‘‘(E) consult with the Chief Procurement Offi-cer of the Internal Revenue Service to ensure that the information technology acquired for the Internal Revenue Service is consistent with— ‘‘(i) the goals and requirements specified in subparagraphs (A) through (D), and ‘‘(ii) the strategic plan developed under para-graph (4). ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The IRS CIO shall develop and implement a multiyear strategic plan for the information technology needs of the Internal Revenue Service. Such plan shall— ‘‘(i) include performance measurements of such technology and of the implementation of such plan, ‘‘(ii) include a plan for an integrated enter-prise architecture of the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(iii) include and take into account the re-sources needed to accomplish such plan, ‘‘(iv) take into account planned major acquisi-tions of information technology by the Internal Revenue Service, including Customer Account Data Engine 2 and the Enterprise Case Manage-ment System, and ‘‘(v) align with the needs and strategic plan of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(B) P
LAN UPDATES .—The IRS CIO shall, not less frequently than annually, review and up-date the strategic plan under subparagraph (A) (including the plan for an integrated enterprise architecture described in subparagraph (A)(ii)) to take into account the development of new in-formation technology and the needs of the In-ternal Revenue Service. ‘‘(5) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given such term by section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(B) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE .—Any ref- erence in this subsection to the Internal Rev-enue Service includes a reference to all compo-nents of the Internal Revenue Service, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, ‘‘(ii) the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue Service, and ‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary with respect to information technology related to matters described in subsection (b)(3)(B), the Office of the Chief Counsel.’’. (b) I
NDEPENDENT VERIFICATION AND VALIDA -
TION OF THE CUSTOMER ACCOUNT DATAENGINE  2 
ANDENTERPRISE CASEMANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the In-ternal Revenue Service shall enter into a con-tract with an independent reviewer to verify and validate the implementation plans (includ-ing the performance milestones and cost esti-mates included in such plans) developed for the Customer Account Data Engine 2 and the Enter-prise Case Management System. (2) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—Such con-tract shall require that such verification and validation be completed not later than the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) A
PPLICATION TO PHASES OF CADE 2 .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to phase 1 of the Customer Account Data Engine 2 and shall apply separately to each other phase. (B) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETING PLANS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Internal Revenue Service shall complete the development of plans for all phases of the Customer Account Data Engine 2. (C) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF  
VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION OF PLANS .—In the case of any phase after phase 2 of the Cus-tomer Account Data Engine 2, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘the date on which the plan for such phase was completed’’ for ‘‘the date of the enactment of this Act’’. (c) C
OORDINATION OF IRS CIO AND CHIEF P
ROCUREMENT OFFICER OF THE INTERNAL REV-
ENUE SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Offi-cer of the Internal Revenue Service shall— (A) identify all significant IRS information technology acquisitions and provide written no-tification to the Internal Revenue Service Chief Information Officer (hereafter referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘IRS CIO’’) of each such ac-quisition in advance of such acquisition, and (B) regularly consult with the IRS CIO re-garding acquisitions of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, including meeting with the IRS CIO regarding such acqui-sitions upon request. (2) S
IGNIFICANT IRS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
ACQUISITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘significant IRS information tech-nology acquisitions’’ means— (A) any acquisition of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service in excess of $1,000,000, and (B) such other acquisitions of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service (or categories of such acquisitions) as the IRS CIO, in consultation with the Chief Procurement Of-ficer of the Internal Revenue Service, may iden-tify. (3) S
COPE.—Terms used in this subsection which are also used in section 7803(f) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended by subsection (a)) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. 
SEC. 202. DEVELOPMENT OF ONLINE ACCOUNTS AND PORTALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter re-ferred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall— (1) develop secure individualized online ac-counts to provide services to taxpayers and their designated return preparers, including obtain-ing taxpayer information, making payment of taxes, sharing documentation, and (to the ex-tent feasible) addressing and correcting issues, and (2) develop a process for the acceptance of tax forms, and supporting documentation, in digital or other electronic format. (b) E
LECTRONIC SERVICES TREATED AS SUPPLE -
MENTAL ; A PPLICATION OF SECURITY STAND -
ARDS.—The Secretary shall ensure that the processes described in subsection (a)— (1) are a supplement to, and not a replacement for, other services provided by the Internal Rev-enue Service to taxpayers, including face-to-face taxpayer assistance and services provided by phone, and (2) comply with applicable security standards and guidelines. (c) P
ROCESS FOR DEVELOPING ONLINE AC-
COUNTS .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OF PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.010 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3424 April 18, 2018 
the Secretary shall submit to Congress a written report describing the Secretary’s plan for devel-oping the secure individualized online accounts described in subsection (a)(1). Such plan shall address the feasibility of taxpayers addressing and correcting issues through such accounts and whether access to such accounts should be restricted and in what manner. (2) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary shall make every reasonable effort to make the secure indi-vidualized online accounts described in sub-section (a)(1) available to taxpayers by Decem-ber 31, 2023. 
SEC. 203. INTERNET PLATFORM FOR FORM 1099 FILINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-retary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall make available an Internet website or other electronic media, with a user interface and functionality similar to the Business Services Online Suite of Services provided by the Social Security Administration, that will provide access to resources and guid-ance provided by the Internal Revenue Service and will allow persons to— (1) prepare and file Forms 1099, (2) prepare Forms 1099 for distribution to re-cipients other than the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, and (3) maintain a record of completed and sub-mitted Forms 1099. (b) E
LECTRONIC SERVICES TREATED AS SUPPLE -
MENTAL ; A PPLICATION OF SECURITY STAND -
ARDS.—The Secretary shall ensure that the serv-ices described in subsection (a)— (1) are a supplement to, and not a replacement for, other services provided by the Internal Rev-enue Service to taxpayers, and (2) comply with applicable security standards and guidelines. TITLE III—MODERNIZATION OF CONSENT- BASED INCOME VERIFICATION SYSTEM 
SEC. 301. DISCLOSURE OF TAXPAYER INFORMA-TION FOR THIRD-PARTY INCOME VERIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the close of the 2-year period described in sub-section (d)(1), the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall implement a program to ensure that any qualified disclo-sure— (1) is fully automated and accomplished through the Internet, and (2) is accomplished in as close to real-time as is practicable. (b) Q
UALIFIED DISCLOSURE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified disclosure’’ means a disclosure under section 6103(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of returns or re-turn information by the Secretary to a person seeking to verify the income or creditworthiness of a taxpayer who is a borrower in the process of a loan application. (c) A
PPLICATION OF SECURITY STANDARDS .— The Secretary shall ensure that the program de-scribed in subsection (a) complies with applica-ble security standards and guidelines. (d) U
SERFEE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the 2-year period be-ginning on the first day of the 6th calendar month beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall assess and collect a fee for qualified disclosures (in addition to any other fee assessed and collected for such disclosures) at such rates as the Secretary deter-mines are sufficient to cover the costs related to implementing the program described in sub-section (a), including the costs of any necessary infrastructure or technology. (2) D
EPOSIT OF COLLECTIONS .—Amounts re-ceived from fees assessed and collected under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in, and credited to, an account solely for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in subsection (a). Such amounts shall be available to carry out such activities without need of further appro-priation and without fiscal year limitation. SEC. 302. LIMIT REDISCLOSURES AND USES OF CONSENT-BASED DISCLOSURES OF TAX RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Persons designated by the taxpayer under this sub-section to receive return information shall not use the information for any purpose other than the express purpose for which consent was granted and shall not disclose return informa-tion to any other person without the express permission of, or request by, the taxpayer.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF PENALTIES .—Section 6103(a)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection (c),’’ after ‘‘return information under’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—EXPANDED USE OF ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS 
SEC. 401. ELECTRONIC FILING OF RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6011(e)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘250’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable number of’’. (b) A
PPLICABLE NUMBER .—Section 6011(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE NUMBER .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(A), the applicable number shall be determined in accordance with the following table: ‘‘(A) in the case of calendar years before 2020, 250, ‘‘(B) in the case of calendar year 2020, 100, and ‘‘(C) in the case of calendar years after 2020, 10.’’. (c) R
ETURNS FILED BY A TAXRETURN PRE-
PARER .—Section 6011(e)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PREPARERS LO -
CATED IN AREAS WITHOUT INTERNET ACCESS .— The Secretary may waive the requirement of subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines, on the basis of an application by the tax return preparer, that the preparer cannot meet such re-quirement by reason of being located in a geo-graphic area which does not have access to internet service (other than dial-up or satellite service).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 402. UNIFORM STANDARDS FOR THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES FOR DIS-CLOSURE AUTHORIZATIONS TO, AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS OF, PRAC-TITIONERS. 
Section 6061(b)(3) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) P
UBLISHED GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pub-lish guidance as appropriate to define and im-plement any waiver of the signature require-ments or any method adopted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC SIGNATURES FOR DISCLOSURE  
AUTHORIZATIONS TO , AND OTHER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS OF , PRACTITIONERS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall publish guid-ance to establish uniform standards and proce-dures for the acceptance of taxpayers’ signa-tures appearing in electronic form with respect to any request for disclosure of a taxpayer’s re-turn or return information under section 6103(c) to a practitioner or any power of attorney granted by a taxpayer to a practitioner. ‘‘(C) P
RACTITIONER .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (B), the term ‘practitioner’ means any individual in good standing who is regu-lated under section 330 of title 31, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 403. PAYMENT OF TAXES BY DEBIT AND CREDIT CARDS. 
Section 6311(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the Secretary ensures that any such fee or other consideration is fully recouped by the Secretary in the form of fees paid to the Secretary by persons paying taxes imposed under subtitle A with credit, debit, or charge cards pursuant to such con-tract. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall seek to minimize the amount of any fee or other consideration that the Sec-retary pays under any such contract.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) and the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
EWIS) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Kansas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 5445, currently under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Kansas? There was no objection. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have a significant opportunity to improve tax adminis-tration as we take up H.R. 5445, the bi-partisan 21st Century IRS Act. This bill seeks to move the Internal Rev-enue Service into the 21st century by placing a renewed focus on moderniza-tion of the IRS and improving taxpayer experience. Before we talk more about this bill, I would like to take a moment to thank the bill’s original cosponsors, Rep-resentatives M
IKEBISHOP of Michigan and S
UZAN DELBENEof Washington, for their strong leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank Representa-tive J
OHN LEWIS of Georgia and his staff for being such great partners in this effort. I think this bill and the others we have put forward as part of the larger IRS package are all the better for hav-ing worked through this process in a bipartisan fashion. Together, we have held 13 formal committee events over the past 3 years, hearing testimony and receiving comments from a diverse group of taxpayers, practitioners, and advocacy groups; and together, we have developed what we believe are bipar-tisan solutions that help improve the agency and, more importantly, the ex-perience of all taxpayers. b1430 Now turning to this bill. Over the past 2 years, the Ways and Means Over-sight Subcommittee has spent signifi-cant time, on a bipartisan basis, focus-ing on IRS management of information technology and cybersecurity. Through this process, we sought to have deeper, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.010 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3425 April 18, 2018 
ongoing conversations with the agency to better understand its current and fu-ture needs and challenges. We have also met with taxpayers and other stakeholders to understand their experiences and concerns, and we have sought to provide strong public ac-countability for the IRS’ IT and cyber-security failures where we felt it was most needed. These collective inter-actions helped to shape many of the provisions in the bill before us today. While the IRS spends approximately $2.4 billion annually on IT, it continues to struggle with undertaking and com-pleting large IT modernization efforts to update its legacy systems, some of which date back to the 1960s. In the era of 5G and broadband Internet, it is still hard to imagine why the IRS continues to use technology our children wouldn’t even be able to recognize. In addition, the IRS continues to face ongoing cybersecurity threats and fraud schemes, which seem to exploit IRS systems and steal taxpayer infor-mation and refunds. These issues result in the waste of billions of taxpayer dol-lars spent maintaining old systems. We have also seen these outdated sys-tems severely impact the IRS’ ability to assist taxpayers. Whether it be long processing times for tax refunds or frustrations over the inability to reach the IRS by phone, the IRS’ underlying IT affects all aspects of the taxpayers’ experience. For example, just yesterday we saw the magnitude of what can happen when the IRS IT systems fail. Yester-day, starting at 2 a.m., dozens of IRS systems integral to a successful filing season went down, leaving the agency unable to accept tax returns on the day when they were needed the most. While the full impact of these outages re-mains to be seen, this is simply unac-ceptable. The bill before us today seeks to ad-dress many of these issues. It starts by requiring ongoing strategic IT plan-ning, codifying and clearly laying out the roles and responsibilities of the chief information officer, and requiring additional oversight of two of the larg-est and most problematic IRS IT sys-tems. Doing so strengthens IRS ac-countability for its IT modernization efforts, ensuring that the IRS spends taxpayer funds in ways that produce measurable results. This bill also encourages the IRS to more proactively work with its State partners and the private sector to proactively combat criminals who use taxpayer information to steal tax re-turns. The bill provides the IRS with additional authority to allow the agen-cy to work more closely with its part-ners. Finally, the bill also sets forth a new goal for the IRS to have secure online accounts available for taxpayers and their designated preparers by 2023. The IRS has taken far too long to provide even the most basic of online services, and this bill ensures that the IRS will focus on providing more robust online services for those who want them. As we think boldly about the IRS of the future, one that is oriented towards helping taxpayers, we should also think boldly about what a modern IRS looks like: One where taxpayers can easily ac-cess their information, day or night; readily have their questions answered; and quickly resolve issues; One where the IRS can be trusted to adequately protect taxpayer informa-tion; proactively combat identity theft, tax return fraud; and readily as-sist taxpayers when they are victims of this fraud; And one where the IRS meets the taxpayer where they are, whether it be online, in person, or on the phone. It also means having an IRS that is held accountable when modernization efforts fall short. As we work towards the first major overhaul of the IRS in 20 years, our goal is to ensure that these reforms are built upon IT sys-tems that are state-of-the-art, ones that work for the taxpayer, not against them. These reforms are necessary and long overdue. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a score that we have received from the Congressional Budget Office. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, April 16, 2018. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. Sincerely, K
EITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. H.R. 5445—21
STCENTURY IRS A CT As reported by the House Committee on Ways and Means on April 13, 2018 H.R. 5445 aims to: Combat identity theft and tax refund fraud at the Internal Revenue Services (IRS); Create an automated system to verify tax-payer information for authorized users; Modernize information technology (IT) systems within the IRS; and Expand the use of electronic information systems within the IRS. According to the IRS, most of the provi-sions in the bill regarding fraud and identity theft would codify current IRS policies and practices and implementing them would have no significant cost. However, other pro-visions, including modernizing the IRS’s IT systems, developing a system to provide tax-payer income information to authorized users, and expanding the use of electronic in-formation systems, would have a significant cost over the 2019–2023 period. For example, over the past five years, the IRS has spent an average of $290 million annually on modern-izing its business systems. CBO has not com-pleted an estimate of the cost of imple-menting those provisions. The staff of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation (JCT) estimates that enacting H.R. 5445 would increase revenues by less than $500,000. Pay-as-you-go procedures apply be-cause the bill would affect revenues. Enact-ing H.R. 5445 would not affect direct spend-ing. CBO and JCT estimate that enacting H.R. 5445 would not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four con-secutive 10-year periods beginning in 2029. JCT has reviewed H.R. 5445 and determined that it contains no intergovernmental or pri-vate-sector mandates as defined in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act. The CBO staff contact for this estimate is Matthew Pickford. The estimate was re-viewed by H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy As-sistant Director for Budget Analysis. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5445. This bill is an important first step to bringing the IRS into the 21st century. Let me begin by thanking the gentle-woman from Kansas, Ms. J
ENKINS , for her hard work on this bill. I would also like to thank our colleagues—the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE)—for their good work and their leadership on this bill. I would also like to thank our staff for helping us closely examine the IRS op-eration. Before we put pen to paper, we took our time to learn about the agency and the taxpayer experience. In the past year, the Oversight Subcommittee held five hearings and four roundtable dis-cussions on this bill. The staff also went on site visits to see the issues firsthand. In every meeting, the sub-committee heard concerns about out-dated technology, the need for better coordination, and the increasing secu-rity threats. In response, the committee developed a bipartisan bill that will improve the IRS IT system. The 21st Century IRS Act will also strengthen the role of the IRS chief information officer. Most im-portantly, H.R. 5445 will protect tax-payers’ information and fight identity theft and tax refund fraud. The 21st Century IRS Act addresses some of the most commonsense tax-payer service and IT challenges. It also continues the work of the former IRS Commissioner, who took steps to bring government and industry together to address some of these issues. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake, much more is needed. As we all know, iden-tity theft and tax fraud continue to challenge tax administration. Con-gress’ decisions to cut the agency’s budget by nearly $1 billion over the past 8 years has not helped. We all un-derstand that the IRS is in desperate need of more funding and more staff. These reductions harm both taxpayer services and tax administration. Unfortunately, the chickens are com-ing home to roost—and I know some-thing about chickens coming home to roost; I used to raise chickens—and showing the Nation that this path is not sustainable. Yesterday, the IRS experienced a number of IT challenges. Although the IRS extended the tax filing deadline, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.042 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3426 April 18, 2018 
this experience showed the Nation how important it is that Congress invest in the IRS systems and operations. Mr. Speaker, I believe that each and every one of us cares deeply about the agen-cy’s ability to provide service to tax-payers. The 21st Century IRS Act is an important first step in this process. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act, which would modernize the IRS, making it safer and more accessible to taxpayers. It seems appropriate to discuss this bill on what has turned into the second tax day of 2018, after the IRS faced dis-ruptive technical issues during yester-day’s filing deadline. These glitches are a clear reminder of why we need to modernize the IRS. Today, many taxpayers use their smartphones to pay bills, conduct busi-ness, and order pizza. Banks, busi-nesses, and others in the private sector have continued to meet the demand of our tech-savvy citizens and have pro-vided them with first-class service. In addition to convenience and ac-cess, Americans deserve to have their identity protected when interacting with the public and private sector, whether that is offline or online. The IRS should be no different. That is why I am pleased this bill includes language about cybersecurity, identity theft, and information technology upgrades. Outdated systems from the 1960s are not the best way to protect the infor-mation of millions of Americans who interact with the IRS each year. This tax day was the last day tax-payers had to file using an antiquated Tax Code. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bipartisan legislation so that taxpayers no longer have to file using antiquated and unsecure technology. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE), the Democratic lead cosponsor. Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank our Oversight Sub-committee leaders, Mr. L
EWIS and Ms. J
ENKINS , for all of their efforts on the important bills that we have been con-sidering this week. A few weeks ago, I had the oppor-tunity to visit with constituents of mine who are serving low-income tax-payers in our community through the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance pro-gram. I am so pleased to see that this important partnership will be made permanent by legislation that we passed yesterday. I am grateful to my colleague, Mr. B
ISHOP , for his hard work and for work-ing with me on this bill, the 21st Cen-tury IRS Act. It is an important bill that enhances needed reforms to en-hance cybersecurity and online access for taxpayers, including small-business owners. It is long past time for the IRS to enter the digital age and to give tax-payers a safe, secure, user-friendly on-line portal to serve their needs. As a former State Department of Revenue director and a tech industry veteran, I know firsthand that coordi-nation between private sector tech-nology experts and tax administrators at the State and Federal level can produce real results for taxpayers and a better user experience for all stake-holders. We should strive to harness technology to create a more seamless and dependable experience for Amer-ican families who are becoming in-creasingly accustomed to conducting their financial business safely online. Something we saw yesterday is an ongoing challenge for the IRS. By codi-fying things like the Security Summit and the role of the IRS CIO, this bill should create some continuity in terms of prioritizing technology improve-ments and improving the taxpayer ex-perience. I am also glad that we are addressing improvements for small-business own-ers, like the development of an online portal for 1099 filings. I know small- business owners in my district and across the country are tired of waiting for more user-friendly, web-based sys-tems, and this is a good first step for them. We should be streamlining the filing process so that they can spend less time and money on tax compliance and more on growing their businesses. While this bill is clearly an incred-ibly important step forward, I would like to share the comments of a CPA who weighed in on the discussion draft of the legislation as a reminder that this is not the end of our work. He noted that cutting the IRS budget has been steadily cutting the effectiveness of the IRS for many years, and he said: ‘‘We are at a perilous point where hon-est taxpayers are extremely frustrated. Fix it quick, or it will become too bro-ken to fix.’’ After hearing from IRS administra-tors, taxpayers, and technology experts over the past couple of years, I think we may be in or approaching the red zone of becoming too broken to fix. Just like a pothole that would cost $1,000 to fix today or $10,000 to fix to-morrow, we need to make some smart investments in IRS technology today before they become insurmountably ex-pensive tomorrow. Around 64 percent of IRS hardware is aged and out of warranty, and 32 per-cent of software is two or more versions out of date. Systems that the IRS relies on to store taxpayer data are failing, and they have serious con-cerns that they could break down or fail to withstand a cyber attack. These are not issues we can let fester any longer. Let’s build on the progress we are making here today to get those systems modernized and really get the job done for American taxpayers. b1445 Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ). Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the bill’s sponsor, the gentle-woman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ), for her leadership in putting this package together. What a week to do it. Now, I firmly believe that God has a sense of humor, and God even has a sense of humor in the collection of our taxes. Because of an electronic filing system glitch at the IRS, because of a technology fail-ure, the American people got a reprieve for 24 hours on filing their taxes. And miracle of miracles, we did not expect this, but a bipartisan bill comes to the floor to address the technology needs of the IRS. God, indeed, has a sense of humor or a deep understanding of pub-lic policy. But I think God is in all things, so he certainly is in this. Now, that glitch of the IRS is just the public acknowledgment of the des-perate need that we know this agency has to be modernized. We modernized the Tax Code, now we need to mod-ernize the collection of our taxes as American people. The 21st Century IRS Act is the first comprehensive, bipar-tisan step to address this problem. Sig-nificant reforms are contained in this bill. Now, take, for instance, my provision in the bill, for example. It is a bi-cameral, bipartisan piece of legislation that Congressman B
LUMENAUER and I introduced here in the House and Sen-ators B
OOKER and C RAPO introduced in the Senate. That section of the bill, section 301, simply says the IRS has to stop using a manual process involving fax machines to verify income. Now, the fax machine was a fantastic business product that became a con-sumer product in the 1980s. It is great technology, but it is not modern tech-nology and not the best technology. And so while it may seem laughable that IRS employees are still sitting around using fax machines to process things that in the private sector would be done in an instant, in a second, in less than a second to verify using com-puter technology, the not-so-funny part is the impact it has had on the hardworking American people who are delayed in getting lending needs or get-ting their family needs met for finan-cial decisions. Mortgages, small business loans, stu-dent debt refinancing, and consumer debt, generally, those loans have to get a verification from the IRS on how much income they made last year. Now, all we are saying is modernize it, make it the standard of the private sector, and deliver better for the tax-payers. It is bipartisan. I am grateful that we have initiatives like that in this broad-er package that we will see across the House floor and hopefully see into law. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for making this day possible. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.043 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3427 April 18, 2018 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the bipartisan IRS reform package, including the 21st Cen-tury IRS Act. There is a trust gap that exists be-tween taxpayers and the IRS, and the IRS’ information technology systems are a good example of why. The IRS has an urgent need to overhaul its IT systems, some of which date back to the Kennedy administration. But re-peated mistakes, big and small, under-mine our trust in them. Take the $12 million they spent on a new email system they couldn’t use. The inspector general report revealed the IRS bought it without first deter-mining project infrastructure needs, integration requirements, business re-quirements, and whether the subscrip-tions were technologically feasible. Or take the Return Review Program, the RRP. The new fraud detection pro-gram came in years behind schedule and hundreds of millions of dollars over budget. Here are just a few of the rea-sons the IRS cited when it put the RRP into a strategic pause in 2014. They said, they paused ‘‘to determine the priority and direction from IRS senior leadership; to articulate and align on RRP’s role in the broader business vision; to ensure clear and concise understanding of scope, cost, and schedule’’ with contractors; and, finally, budgetary constraints. Mr. Speaker, unforced errors are turning vital projects into boon-doggles. We could be applauding the IRS for buying a system off the shelf. Instead, we are scolding them for not asking the most basic questions before buying it. I hear complaints about the IRS’ budget, and I think about the RRP. Senior leadership gave no direction, no one knew how it would fit into the big picture, and contractors were way out of the loop. Everyone essentially ran in circles until they ran out of money. You know what? More money can’t fix failed leadership or a broken culture. Better guidelines, codified rules, and more intentional strategic planning can. That is why I introduced H.R. 5362, the IRS Information Technology Ac-countability Act, and I am thankful it was included in the 21st Century IRS Act. My bill takes some important steps to prevent future boondoggles and instill accountability. Number one, codifying the respon-sibilities of the chief information offi-cer, or the CIO; two, requiring the CIO to develop, implement, and update a multiyear IT strategic plan; and three, requiring regular coordination between the CIO and the chief procurement offi-cer. It also singles out two major projects for independent verification and vali-dation. The first is CADE 2. It is still years from completion and almost a decade and $1 billion spent. The other, Enterprise Case Management, is a sys-tem that was supposed to be used agen-cy-wide but was suspended because the IRS bought software that couldn’t be used agency-wide. These projects need to be on a better trajectory. Mr. Speaker, I am proud we are tak-ing important bipartisan steps to close this IRS trust gap. I want to thank Chairman B
RADY , Chairman J ENKINS , and Mr. B
ISHOP for all of their hard work on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support the 21st Century IRS Act. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the chairwoman for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support my bill, H.R. 5445, the 21st Century IRS Act, a bill that will improve cybersecu-rity and taxpayer identity protection, as well as modernize the information technology system at the IRS. I am grateful today for the bipartisan sup-port. This is a very important issue. One of the most common, heart-breaking issues I have had to deal with on a recurring basis since I have been elected a member of elected govern-ment is identity theft. That is why I wrote the Michigan Identity Theft Pro-tection Act while serving in the Michi-gan Senate. I am disheartened to say, however, that since coming to Congress, those stories of identity theft have only be-come more frequent and are often com-pounded by problems in dealing with the IRS, many of which center around the delays due to their outdated tech-nology. Take, for instance, my constituent, Lance. Lance filed his 2015 Federal re-turn in March of 2016. In May of that year, he was notified that his refund was being held until the IRS could verify certain items. Over the next 8 months, Lance tried multiple times to get additional information from the IRS. Finally, in January, they told him that his case had been closed, yet he had not received his refund. Over the next 6 months, his case was reopened and went from being flagged for identity theft, then cleared, only to be flagged again. Finally, after 18 months of back and forth with the IRS, Lance received his refund of tens of thousands of dollars. While we want to be vigilant in pro-tecting taxpayers’ identities, these un-necessary delays are bad for everyone. I know I am not alone in this Chamber. Most of us, if not all of the Members of this body, have heard a distressed story from a constituent about how they had their tax refund stolen. That is why my legislation will cod-ify a current public-private partner-ship, whereby the IRS engages with States and industry to find ways to re-duce identity theft tax refund fraud. This will provide them with additional tools to proactively identify trends and schemes as they come about. By head-ing off ID theft at the beginning of the process, we can eliminate the need for the IRS to chase down fraudulently paid refunds and reduce the burden on the unfortunate taxpayers who have had their identities stolen. Mr. Speaker, another source of delay at the IRS and angst for our constitu-ents comes from the severely outdated IT systems at the IRS. Take, for in-stance, another constituent of mine, Tom from Oakland County. Tom had a return audited, and the auditor mis-takenly entered his income by mis-placing a decimal point by two spaces and recorded Tom’s income as being 100 times its actual amount. This resulted in the IRS telling Tom that he owed a tax bill 18 times his income for that year. After my office and the Taxpayer Ad-vocate’s Office got involved, the IRS fixed the issue but told Tom that he might still receive collection letters until the computer system was able to update with the correct information. This uncertainty coming from the IRS is simply unacceptable. The outdated technology at the IRS is not the fault of the taxpayer. Now, to address this issue, this legis-lation includes an important provision that my colleague, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , has worked on for a very long time. It pro-vides much needed accountability by setting forth clear guidelines, proc-esses, and responsibilities for the IRS officials who are responsible for main-taining and modernizing the IRS IT. It also includes a provision put for-ward by Mr. R
ENACCI , which would allow businesses to file their 1099 infor-mation through a taxpayer-friendly internet portal. This will ease the com-pliance burden for taxpayers and busi-nesses and allow the IRS to get tax in-formation in a timely manner, which will improve the quality and accuracy of the security checks. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, we live in a world of constantly emerging threats and sophisticated criminals who are probing and trying to gain access to the IRS, and, ultimately, the tax-payer’s information. The 21st Century IRS Act will help move the IRS in the right direction with meaningful and bi-partisan solutions. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill and a necessary bill. Again, I thank the chair, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE), and all of our colleagues for their hard and good work. We should be very, very proud of the process and the product. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to thank, once again, the ranking member, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.045 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3428 April 18, 2018 
for his hard work on this issue, and I appreciate the staff’s dedication to get-ting this to the floor today. This is a thoughtful, bipartisan piece of legisla-tion that will help move the IRS for-ward and refocus the agency on the taxpayer experience, and I urge all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 831, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5:15 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 59 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1730 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 5 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 18, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 18, 2018, at 5:06 p.m.: That the Senate agreed to S.J. Res. 57. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Passage of H.R. 5445; Passage of H.R. 5444; and The motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2905. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. f 
21ST CENTURY IRS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the informa-tion technology of the Internal Rev-enue Service, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 3, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 145] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Massie Sanford 
NOT VOTING—12 
Amodei Black Bridenstine Cartwright Comstock DeLauro Garamendi Keating Nunes Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Simpson 
b1753 Mr. AMASH changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.046 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3429 April 18, 2018 
Messrs. PASCRELL and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
TAXPAYER FIRST ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ). The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 414, nays 0, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 146] YEAS—414 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Amodei Black Bridenstine Cartwright Comstock DeLauro Dunn Garamendi Keating Nunes Pelosi Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Simpson Speier 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1802 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRS SCAMS AND IDENTITY THEFT ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2905) to require the Attorney General to establish procedures for ex-pedited review of the case of any per-son who unlawfully solicits personal information for purposes of commit-ting identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 3, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 147] YEAS—403 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.051 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3430 April 18, 2018 
Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Amash Massie Thompson (MS) 
NOT VOTING—23 
Amodei Black Bridenstine Cartwright Castor (FL) Comstock DeLauro DesJarlais Dunn Garamendi Gosar Gowdy Keating Marchant Nunes Poe (TX) Rooney, Thomas J. Roybal-Allard Scalise Simpson Speier Walker Walz 
b1809 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to require the Attor-ney General and the Secretary of the Treasury to report to Congress on ef-forts to combat identity theft, includ-ing by persons purporting to be acting on behalf of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 145, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 146 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 147. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMOR-ROW, AND ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 2018, TO MONDAY, APRIL 23, 2018 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Mon-day, April 23, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oregon? There was no objection. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DOROTHY M CINTYRE AS A PIONEER FOR WOMEN’S SPORTS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a pioneer of women’s sports in Minnesota, Dorothy McIntyre, who was recently inducted in the Minnesota High School Basketball Hall of Fame. There are very few who have done more to advance Minnesota girls sports than Eden Prairie coach and teacher, Dorothy McIntyre. Dorothy arrived in Eden Prairie in 1959, with girls sports in Minnesota nearly nonexistent. But Dorothy led a courageous group of like- minded colleagues to push for change. Progress was slow. Gymnastics was first, tennis next, and basketball not until 1976. But Dorothy kept at it, and when she was told girls must play bas-ketball in the fall instead of the win-ter, her answer was a firm: No, that’s not fair. She got results, and today, girls play basketball just like the boys do, and Dorothy McIntyre is a big rea-son why. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Dorothy McIntyre on her well-deserved induction into the Minnesota High School Basketball Hall of Fame. 
f 
DEEPWATER HORIZON SPILL ANNIVERSARY (Mr. CRIST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, Friday marks the eighth anniversary of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. I was Governor of Florida at the time. I remember the tar balls. I re-member them coming up on our beau-tiful beaches—as the ambassador does; marine life covered in toxic sludge; the harm done to Florida’s tourism and fisheries industries; and, of course, the tragic loss of life aboard the Deepwater Horizon itself. Mr. Speaker, I haven’t forgotten it. Florida has not forgotten it. We must never have drilling off the Florida coast. We should take that argument off the table. f 
TERM LIMITS (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the Thomas Jefferson Public Service Act of 2018, a bill that will effectively put term limits in place without amending the Constitution. The act will reduce the salary of an elected Member of Congress to $1 a year after they serve six consecutive terms in the House, or two consecutive terms in the Senate, and does not re-quire a constitutional amendment. My home State of Florida passed term limits with 76 percent approval. A recent nationwide poll showed that over 82 percent of the American voters support term limits for Congress. Is it possible a disruptive game- changing measure such as this could instill confidence in Congress and set the stage for a wave of innovation and accomplishment? From Cincinnatus to President George Washington, history is replete with examples of leaders who served their country for a time and then re-turned to private life or other public service. It is time to return to the concept of the citizen legislator. 
f 
b1815 HONORING NICHOLAS THOMAS EVANS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Nicholas Thomas Evans, a leader in my district and a champion for Genesee County families, who passed away rather suddenly just recently. Nick was born in London, England, but raised in Holly, Michigan. Nicholas started his career as a leader in the Genesee County branch of the Amer-ican Cancer Society. In 1998, he accept-ed a position at Kettering University, and in 2003, he came to the Genesys Health System. During his career, Nicholas did so much and offered so much to our com-munity, leading important initiatives like the Genesys Health Park Campus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.015 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3431 April 18, 2018 
Plan, the PACE program in Flint, the revitalization of so many parts of our community, and empowering women through the Michigan Food & Farming Systems and the Women in Agriculture program. There were so many things that Nick did. I can’t even go through the long list. But for all of us back home, we will just miss him. His wife, Kim, and his daughters, Madison and Camryn, I am sure will miss him forever. He loved them, he loved his community, and he gave so much to his community. We loved him. He was a friend, and we will miss him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PASSING OF FORMER FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the passing of a very special person and the epitome of a First Lady, Barbara Pierce Bush. As First Lady, Mrs. Bush was praised for bringing the power of literacy to oth-ers, but America will remember her most for her fierce love and commit-ment to her family. Mrs. Bush embodied the best of America: strong, compassionate, and spirited. She, like her husband, be-lieved that public service is a noble calling, and she stewarded that calling with class and grace. Our country would not have been blessed with the principled leadership of both our 41st and 43rd Presidents if it were not for the strong character and devotion of Barbara Bush. Her dedication to family values wasn’t just a political talking point; it was her life’s mission, and now, her greatest legacy. While I grieve with my dear friend, President George W. Bush, and his fam-ily, I join them in celebrating a life well lived, and thanking God with gracing us with Barbara Bush. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF SONNY MELTON (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Sonny Melton. Sonny was lucky to find the love of his life while working at the Henry County Medical Center in Paris, Ten-nessee. As a certified nurse, Sonny would often assist his wife, Dr. Heather Melton, during surgeries. Sonny and Heather had planned to move into a lake house together. They were in the process of building it in Big Sandy, Tennessee. They traveled to Las Vegas together to celebrate their 1-year anniversary at the Route 91 festival. When gunfire erupted, Sonny died when he was try-ing to get his wife out of harm’s way. Sonny’s wife and all those who knew him remember Sonny as an enthusi-astic man who had an infectious posi-tive attitude. I would like to extend my condo-lences to Sonny Melton’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the entire country mourn with you. f 
MOURNING THE PASSING OF FIRST LADY BARBARA BUSH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my condolences and my sympathy to the family of former First Lady Barbara Bush. Mr. Speaker, the Nation was heart-broken upon hearing the news that Mrs. Bush passed away last night at her home in Houston. She was 92. Mrs. Bush was widely admired and a beloved First Lady. She was a leader not only for her family, but for this Nation. She served as First Lady from Janu-ary 1, 1989, to January 1993. She was known for her immeasurable kindness, yet she wasn’t afraid to be outspoken— even frank—when the occasion called for it. She was witty and feisty, and above all else, she was Barbara: a wife, a mother, and a grandmother. This Nation will remember her as a fiercely and devoted matriarch of a great American family, but also as an advocate for all American families. Mr. Speaker, I leave you with the words of Barbara Bush: ‘‘When all the dust is settled and all the crowds are gone, the things that matter are faith, family, and friends.’’ May God bless Mrs. Barbara Bush. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE BICENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a his-torical moment for the great State of Illinois. Two hundred years ago today, in this very building, legislation was passed by the 15th Congress and later signed by President James Monroe which allowed the people of the Illinois territory to proceed with statehood. This legislation paved the way for representatives in the territory to form a convention from which a State gov-ernment would later emerge. At the time, in 1818, only 11 counties existed in the territory that could send rep-resentatives to the convention to draft governing documents. Three of these 11 counties are within my congressional district. I have often said how humble I am to represent a part of Illinois that President Lincoln represented when he served in this Chamber, but I am also immensely proud to represent the area that pio-neered Illinois’ statehood. In December of this year, Illinois will celebrate its bicentennial as a State in our Union. I have called Illinois home for over 40 years, and I am honored to stand here today and recognize the his-tory that was made in this building 200 years ago today. f 
RECOGNIZING CAPTAIN MARK WEBER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize Captain Mark K. Weber who died in a helicopter crash on March 15 while serving in our Armed Forces in Iraq. Captain Weber was a combat rescue officer assigned to the 38th Rescue Squadron based at Moody’s Air Force Base in the First Congressional Dis-trict of Georgia. He was one of seven in the helicopter crash who lost their lives serving our country that day. As a combat rescue officer, Captain We-ber’s role with his team was to fly into combat and rescue injured soldiers. I want to thank Captain Weber and his family for his service. My thoughts and prayers are with his family and his friends. Mr. Speaker, I want all of our serv-icemen and -women to know that we are ever grateful for their service. They are in our thoughts and prayers, and I could not thank them enough for the work they are doing to spread democ-racy and freedom across the globe. 
f 
HONORING MEMBERS FROM AIR FORCE RESEARCH LABORATORY INFORMATION DIRECTORATE (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the members from the Air Force Research Laboratory Infor-mation Directorate, otherwise known as Rome Lab. Rome Lab has been recognized by the Federal Laboratory Consortium for its superiority in technology transfer work. Technology transfer work is a process by which existing knowledge or capabilities developed under Federal funding are used to fulfill public and private needs. The winners of this year’s FLC high- profile award are Ralph Kohler, Frank Hoke, Sean Patten, Joseph Mancini, David Canestrare, Daniel Carpenter, Joshua Sterling, Richard Newkirk, Sam Davis, and Mark Linderman. This group of brilliant minds created the Android Team Awareness Kit, or ATAK. This is a profoundly useful soft-ware collaboration that runs on an an-droid mobile operating system. It can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.057 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3432 April 18, 2018 
connect multiple people on the go, giv-ing them a common operation picture right on their handheld phone. It cur-rently has 40,000 Department of De-fense users and 32,000 non-Federal users. The winners from Rome Lab cre-ated an easy access portal that allows the government to provide ATAK to citizens, enabling better communica-tion and information sharing. This technology transfer benefits Rome Lab, its mission, the govern-ment, and all users. A great example of how ATAK was extraordinarily bene-ficial was during the 2017 hurricanes. Because of Rome Lab’s work, civilian, State, and military teams were able to communicate to rescue people and save lives. Mr. Speaker, I would like to con-gratulate this group of brilliant young people and thank them for continuing to make the Air Force Research Lab, otherwise known as Rome Lab, a world leader in advanced technology. 
f 
CAPITOL HILL COMMEMORATION OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE (Mr. SMITH of New Jersey asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, next week, on April 24, we will mark the 103rd anniversary of the infamous Armenian genocide. The date of the commemoration marks the anni-versary of Red Sunday, the night when the Ottoman Empire Government gave the order to arrest and intern approxi-mately 250 Armenian intellectuals in Istanbul. Less than 2 months after Red Sun-day, the end of May 1915, the govern-ment enacted legislation that un-leashed unspeakable widespread gov-ernment-organized evictions, mas-sacres, and deportations. As many as 1.5 million people perished. It was about the annihilation of the Armenian people. In September of 2000, I held the first- ever hearing on the Armenian genocide here in Congress. Three years ago this month, I chaired another hearing on the 100th anniversary. At the time, I noted that the Arme-nian genocide is the only one of the genocides of the 20th century in which the nation that was decimated by geno-cide has been subjected to ongoing out-rage of a massive campaign of geno-cidal denial, openly sustained by state authority—that would be the Turkish Government. That has to change, and this horrible, horrible genocide needs to be recognized by our government for what it was. 
f 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, the opioid epidemic has swept across the country impacting millions of Ameri-cans who lost loved ones to this pre-ventable crisis. No community is im-mune. Just as the President of the United States has said, this is, in fact, the cri-sis next door. This is even more true in neighbor-hoods in north Texas where we are all too familiar with this fatal epidemic. Overdose deaths from opioids have increased more than five times in the last 30 years, and it is estimated that more than 115 Americans die each and every day from opiate-related overdoses. There is no question that we must act to stop this crisis. To that end, I am very grateful to the members of my committee, the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I am grateful to the chairman of the committee for participating in this hour. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), who is the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. B
URGESS and appreciate his leader-ship on this issue and the hard work he and his members on both sides of the aisle have done on the Subcommittee on Health in the Energy and Commerce Committee. As we all know, the opioid crisis is wreaking havoc and death on our Na-tion. It is striking at the heart of com-munities from one side of the country to the other. On any given day, you can browse the headlines to learn of yet an-other life lost to addiction or about a raid that seized overwhelming quan-tities of prescription painkillers or il-licit drugs. At roundtables throughout my dis-trict in Oregon over the last few years, I have met with those victims. I have met with their families. I have talked to doctors and treatment advocates. I have met with law enforcement officers on the front lines of this fight. Sadly, their stories are all too similar and all too familiar, but they put the names and faces to this crisis that has touched every community in our coun-try. We are here tonight because this cri-sis is having a devastating impact on each of our districts and the people who live in them. No community is ex-empt from the scourge of addiction. Nobody is immune from the dangers of powerful drugs. The crisis has taken a hold on the very fabric of our Nation, and we must do everything we can to stem the tide of addiction, to help those who are addicted, and to stop the deaths and destruction that follow the abuse of opiates. Earlier this week, I visited the Pre-scribed to Death opioid memorial that was stationed at the White House El-lipse. I was able to see the individual faces of Americans who lost their own battles with opioid addiction etched into the 22,000 pills on display. There was one for each fatal overdose in 2015. b1830 It is a daunting visual. It was made only more poignant by the knowledge that those numbers have only contin-ued to climb. More than 100 Americans die from opioid overdoses every single day, claiming the lives of more than 42,000 Americans who died in 2016 alone. That same year, we lost 506 Oregonians from opioid overdoses. The committee—in particular, the Energy and Commerce Committee and your subcommittee, Mr. Chairman— has a long history of working to com-bat this evolving epidemic, from launching our earliest investigations in 2012 to advancing bipartisan legislation like the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA, and the 21st Cen-tury Cures Act. Most recently, we included critical funding to aid in the fight in the recent government spending bill that Presi-dent Trump signed into law. This legis-lation included a record amount of re-sources to combat the crisis, providing billions of dollars to communities across America to tackle one of the biggest public health problems in a generation. But we know that more can and must be done. Now, the good news is that com-bating the opioid crisis is our commit-tee’s top priority. It is why we have re-viewed literally dozens and dozens and dozens of comprehensive, bold, and bi-partisan pieces of legislation. In total, these bills will bolster our enforcement efforts, will protect our communities, will advance our public health and pre-vention efforts, and will address cov-erage and payment issues within Med-icaid and Medicare. Tomorrow at the Energy and Com-merce Committee, we will hear the per-sonal stories from families affected by the drug crisis and individuals who are battling addiction. Then, next week, the Energy and Commerce Committee will mark these bills up in our Health Subcommittee. It is an important step forward to keep us on track in our goal of having legislation to this House floor ahead of the Memorial Day dis-trict work period. We know that there is no silver bul-let, there is no one-size-fits-all ap-proach that will remedy the cata-strophic effects of this crisis that has been building for the last decade, but much more can be done. We will do much more, and we will do it on a bi-partisan basis, to help vulnerable pa-tients get the treatment they want and need, remembering there are some 20 million Americans with chronic pain. And we will ensure these powerful drugs are not getting into the wrong hands. As I conclude, I think it is important to point out that, if people want more information, they can go to energycommerce.house.gov/opioids and see the testimony that we have re-ceived and the work that we are en-gaged in to rid this country of this ter-rible scourge and make our commu-nities safer again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.059 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3433 April 18, 2018 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the full committee for his participation in this hour tonight. The chairman is correct; our com-mittee has a history of working in a bi-partisan fashion. This, obviously, is an illness that can strike regardless of po-litical party or political persuasion; and in the interest of that theme, I am happy to yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENEGREEN ), my counter-part, the ranking member on the Democratic side of the dais in the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and the Health Subcommittee. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair of our Health Subcommittee for organizing this Special Order tonight because it is so important to our country. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring attention to the countless Americans suffering from opioid addiction in Houston and Harris County, Texas, whom I rep-resent, and throughout our great coun-try. I call on Congress and the Trump administration to take immediate ac-tion to help our fellow Americans in need. The Department of Health and Human Services estimates that over 2 million Americans suffer from opioid use disorder and millions more misuse their legally prescribed opioids. Most troubling are the 42,000 Americans who died from opioid-related overdoses in 2016 alone, including over 2,800 victims of opioid addiction in Texas. The economic burden of prescription opioid misuse in our country is esti-mated to cost over $78 billion a year, including the cost of healthcare, lost productivity, addiction treatment, and the criminal justice system. We must do more to turn the tide against the opioid epidemic and give Americans the tools to overcome addiction and re-build their lives. In the past 2 years, Congress has made a concerted effort to help Ameri-cans and prevent abuse from happening in the first place. In 2016, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce wrote and passed the Comprehensive Addic-tion and Recovery Act, or CARA, the first major Federal addiction legisla-tion in 40 years, the most comprehen-sive effort to address the opioid crisis. I supported CARA when it was con-sidered by our committee and am proud of our results, a law that pro-vides over $180 million annually to our State and local partners to help sup-port prevention, recovery, overdose re-versal, law enforcement, and criminal justice reform. The Health Subcommittee, on which I am proud to serve as ranking mem-ber, is currently holding a series of hearings on opioids. Last month, I in-troduced, with Congressman B
RETT  G
UTHRIE of Kentucky, the Comprehen-sive Opioid Recovery Centers Act, H.R. 5237. This legislation would fund des-ignated treatment centers where indi-viduals will receive comprehensive, pa-tient-centered care for opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. It is our intention to build model prac-tices for treatment and recovery that can be duplicated nationwide. I am also working on legislation that would clarify the Food and Drug Ad-ministration authority to consider po-tential for misuse and abuse when as-sessing risks and benefits of controlled substances for approval. Our expert agencies must have clear authority to consider the potential harm of medical therapies and protect Americans if the harm outweighs the benefits. Federal programs like Medicaid, Medicare, and coverage through the Af-fordable Care Act are critical in ensur-ing Americans struggling with opioid abuse have access to treatment and re-covery. The Kaiser Family Foundation reported in February that nearly 4 in 10 adults under the age of 65 with an opioid addiction received their cov-erage through Medicaid. Any honest ef-fort by Congress to address the opioid epidemic must include measures to sta-bilize and strengthen health exchanges and make coverage accessible for Americans who currently do not have health insurance, including the 3 mil-lion Americans who lost their insur-ance last year. I ask for the Energy and Commerce Committee to come together and agree on a package of bills that will affirma-tively help Americans struggling with opioid abuse and prevent abuse from happening. The American people de-serve nothing less. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his participation this evening. Again, the problem is not likely to be solved by one political party or the other. It is going to require a collabo-rative approach. Opioid abuse can hap-pen by access to dangerous drugs in a family member’s medicine cabinet or by obtaining them illegally. The fight against this crisis is indeed a team ef-fort, and we must evaluate it from all angles. We must consider how opiate medica-tions are produced and distributed, and we must look at how agencies track and respond to distribution discrep-ancies. We are required to take a hard look at how the medications are pre-scribed and dispensed, while addressing the disposal of unused medication. We need to look at the treatment for those who suffer from addictions and the fu-ture of pain medications. It is also imperative that we address the access and enforcement of illicit drugs. We must work to stop the unfet-tered distribution of harmful drugs that flow into this country from out-side our borders. Earlier this year, I joined the Com-missioner of the Food and Drug Admin-istration, Dr. Scott Gottlieb, in vis-iting the international mail facility at John F. Kennedy Airport in New York. This facility is one of nine in our coun-try and acts as a barrier for these il-licit and dangerous drugs being sent to America through the international mail. The Food and Drug Administra-tion and the United States Customs and Border Patrol, together, work to identify and destroy dangerous sub-stances hidden in pieces of mail, but more authority is needed to provide these agencies with tools to swiftly act and act more efficiently. There are millions of suspicious packages full of illicit drugs and other contraband crossing our borders. Some-times the FDA is powerless in its abil-ity to destroy these harmful and illicit substances, sometimes they are re-quired to send them back to the sender, and sometimes they will see a package recycled and brought back into this country for yet another try. That, Mr. Speaker, must end. Now, as chairman of the Sub-committee on Health, I have already held three hearings and considered a total of 67 related opiate bills. Last Oc-tober, we opened the doors of the sub-committee to any Member, not just of the subcommittee, not just of the full committee, but any Member of Con-gress who wanted to come and talk to us about problems they have seen in their district related to opiates, solu-tions that they may be considering or people in their communities might have asked them to consider. We heard from well over 50 Members of Congress that day, and as a con-sequence of that Member involvement, we have distilled these 67 pieces of leg-islation. We have had three legislative hearings. We have heard from key members of the administration. We have heard from stakeholders who are at the forefront of our efforts to stem this epidemic. We have evaluated this crisis from all fronts, from public health and pre-vention and intervention, law enforce-ment, education and recovery, and then finally, lastly, looking at the Medicaid and Medicare programs and the role that they may play. It is evi-dent that this is a multifaceted prob-lem and will require an all-hands-on- deck approach. As a physician, I also understand and respect the importance of successfully treating and managing patients with chronic pain. One of the reasons that most of us went into the practice of medicine was to be of service. One of the highest callings is to ask to be wor-thy to serve the suffering. Opiates are an essential tool. We must respect the fatal and addictive properties that opi-ates possess, while also understanding the vital role that these medications play in the lives of individuals who are suffering from serious or chronic ill-ness, such as cancer. As we evaluate this complex issue, we must strike the right balance be-tween necessary enforcement and pa-tient safety. Unfortunately, there is no easy answer and there is no single party to blame. We also know that Congress cannot fight this battle alone. We must all work to strengthen our commitment to overcome this scourge. With an aver-age of more than 100 Americans dying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.061 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3434 April 18, 2018 
every day from opiate overdoses, we must be willing to ask hard questions and consider solutions. At this time, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ), who is a member of the Health Subcommittee and also the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations and has led a number of our efforts in try-ing to control the opiate crisis. Mr. H
ARPER , thank you for joining us tonight. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for organizing this time on the floor today to focus on the opioid crisis in our country. For many years, telehealth has been a priority for me as a critical way to deliver healthcare services to patients across the country. Through my work as chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, I now view telehealth as an important part of the solution to the opioid crisis, as it increases patient access to needed treatments and improves outcomes through the availability of better healthcare services to more patients. Congresswoman M
ATSUI of California and I have been working on drafting a bill to increase access to substance use treatment through the use of tele-health in community mental health centers. Each year, 64,000 Americans die from overdose. In rural, under-served States like my home State of Mississippi, this threat is especially concerning, as patients often lack ac-cess to addiction and psychiatric healthcare providers equipped to pro-vide needed treatments. The concerns are great; therefore, Congresswoman M
ATSUI and I have been working to draft legislation that would enable local facilities to register with the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration and be able to use telemedicine to prescribe appropriate treatments for patients in need. Mississippi has been recognized as a leader in using telehealth to reach pa-tients who otherwise would not have access to care. The University of Mis-sissippi Medical Center’s Center for Telehealth was selected as a national Telehealth Center of Excellence by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to innovate and test new de-livery models for telehealth. With leaders like the University of Mississippi Medical Center working to maximize available resources and pro-vide care via telehealth, I believe that this technology offers a promising so-lution to combating the opioid crisis in our country. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee to advance these efforts. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
AL-
DENand Chairman B URGESS —and many others, of course—for their dedication to this issue. I appreciate the oppor-tunity to speak. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for par-ticipating in our Special Order tonight. I thank him for his leadership in the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations and the work that he has done to help control this crisis. I now yield to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), vice chair-man of the Health Subcommittee, for his observations. b1845 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for organizing this event. On behalf of the 1,419 Kentuckians who died of an opioid overdose in 2016, and the countless more who are cur-rently suffering from opioid addiction, I rise today in support of legislation to combat our Nation’s opioid epidemic. Everywhere I go in Kentucky’s Sec-ond District, I hear from people who have felt the impact of the opioid cri-sis. The range of people falling victim to opioid use disorder is vast—from ba-bies born with opioid withdrawal, to adults of all ages and backgrounds, even students, brothers and sisters, moms and dads. It doesn’t matter if someone becomes addicted to opioids after they have sprained an ankle or following major surgery—anyone who has been prescribed opioid painkillers could be at risk, and we need to find a way to help the thousands of people who have, in fact, become addicted. I recently introduced two pieces of legislation to combat our widespread opioid crisis. The first is the Com-prehensive Opioid Recovery Centers Act of 2018. I was proud to introduce this bipartisan bill with the Health Subcommittee ranking member, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ENE G
REEN ), the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), and the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N). This bill addresses the current lack of comprehensive treatment options available to opioid use disorder pa-tients. Currently, there is a wide range of treatment options from faith-based abstinence programs to FDA-approved medications, but not everyone has ac-cess to the specific treatments they need. Patients usually seek treatment from a facility convenient to them in their own community or from a facility that is covered by their insurance. However, most facilities only offer a single type of treatment, which may or may not work for each individual pa-tient. The Comprehensive Opioid Re-covery Centers Act would provide grant money to help create treatment centers where every FDA-approved op-tion is available to each patient. These centers would also include in-take services and help with reentering the community and provide data to the Department of Health and Human Services so that other treatment cen-ters can learn and apply best practices to provide more patients with com-prehensive care. I also introduced the bipartisan Ma-ternal Opioid Treatment, Health, Edu-cation, and Recovery Act, known as the MOTHER Act, with Congressman BENRAYLUJA´N. Opioid addiction is a serious risk to anyone’s health, but it can even be more harmful and life- threatening for a pregnant woman and her child. This bill would help healthcare providers better treat preg-nant women with opioid use disorder as well as babies who are born experi-encing opioid withdrawal. The MOTHER Act increases edu-cation about neonatal abstinence syn-drome, which sadly affects babies whose mothers suffer from opioid use disorder, and the bill also provides re-sources for pregnant mothers and care-givers. It highlights the need for re-sponsible pain management for expect-ant mothers. Our Nation is in the middle of com-bating a serious opioid epidemic, and all of us on both sides of the aisle can agree on the need to act with urgency on all fronts. I was proud to join with my Democratic colleagues to introduce two bipartisan bills that would address important aspects of the opioid crisis. I urge my colleagues to support the Comprehensive Opioid Recovery Cen-ters Act and the MOTHER Act. I thank the subcommittee chairman for orga-nizing this. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for his participation this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ), the vice chairman of the Environment Subcommittee. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
URGESS for orga-nizing this Special Order event. Mr. Speaker, the United States rep-resents only 5 percent of the global population, yet we consume over 80 percent of the opioids produced around the world. Shouldn’t that have raised a red flag? Since 2011, our office has conducted over 50 roundtable meetings with doc-tors, pharmacists, nurses, and law en-forcement, listening and learning from professionals how we could best address this problem. Congress has acted. As you heard a minute ago, the 21st Century Cures Act and CARA were good first steps, but it is evident that more work needs to be done. Last month, under President Trump and the Republican Congress leader-ship, we secured an additional $4 bil-lion in funding, the largest investment ever in this crisis. We have made progress in other areas. In the book, ‘‘American Pain’’ by John Temple, he cites an ever-increasing production quota as a contributing factor to this drug opioid abuse. Even as it became clear that the opioid abuse was a grow-ing problem, our producers in pharma-ceuticals were producing more and more pain medicine. Fortunately, yes-terday, the DEA, under the leadership of President Trump, announced that they would finally begin limiting the number of pills being produced. I also had the honor of working with the White House on the Opioid Task 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.062 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3435 April 18, 2018 
Force; and thanks to Chairman W AL-
DEN, the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee has made fighting the opioid crisis a top priority. You heard his comments when he said that. Our committee has been crafting an-other comprehensive opioid package aimed at treatment, prevention, edu-cation, and enforcement. Over the past few weeks, the committee has reviewed numerous bills, and I am proud to say—and I thank Chairman B
URGESS — that two of those bills are pieces that our office has crafted. Now, as for the role of pharmacies. Currently, each State maintains its own database on prescriptions, but that information isn’t always typically shared with neighboring States. So the committee is taking under consider-ation a nationwide prescription drug monitoring program, which would pre-vent people from abusing the system by filling their prescription in multiple States. Congress needs to shut down these il-licit, illegal pharmaceutical drug sales on social media, just as the Commis-sioner of the FDA made a strong rec-ommendation just 2 weeks ago. And, lastly, it is time to tighten our border security to stop the flow of drugs into our country. Hancock Coun-ty, West Virginia Sheriff Ralph Fletch-er has made it clear that the spike in heroin overdoses is directly attrib-utable to this poison pouring across our southern border from Mexico. And as M
IKEBURGESS just noted a minute ago, the postal service system needs to be enhancing their monitoring program to halt this importation of fentanyl from China. But through all this, shouldn’t we be exploring the root cause of why people are turning to dangerous drugs? West Virginia, unfortunately, leads the Na-tion in virtually every statistic when it comes to opioids. Some have attributed it to our State’s high unemployment, low household income, and low edu-cation levels. But who is second? Until last year, New Hampshire was second. They have the highest level of employment. They have one of the highest levels of house-hold income and one of the highest lev-els of degree of household education. So, clearly, it is simply not a socio-economic issue. Something else is driv-ing this epidemic, and we need to get to the root cause of it. There is plenty of blame to go around, and we need to hold people accountable. Our committee has been accom-plishing this through an investigation of the pill dumping that has occurred in West Virginia. On May 8, as you heard a minute ago, we are going to be holding another hearing with our CEOs from the Nation’s largest drug dis-tributors who have been shipping tens of millions of pills into small commu-nities across West Virginia. What we hope to learn is why. Why would you dump millions of pills into small rural communities? Have you no shame? Look, this is a multifaceted problem. While there is still a lot more work to be done, Congress has been taking a number of steps to eradicate this scourge of the opioid epidemic. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from West Virginia for his comments. Mr. Speaker, now I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his good work in or-ganizing this Special Order this evening. The tragic opioid epidemic has, un-fortunately, become a major part of our national conversation, and that is what brings us here tonight, to raise awareness and continue our push for bipartisan solutions. I am grateful for Chairman W
ALDEN ’s and Chairman B
URGESS ’ leadership and the work of my colleagues on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee doing a lot of work to tackle this public health crisis head on. Too many Americans from all walks of life and from all parts of the country are facing the terrifying realities of the opioid crisis. It is a deeply personal and painful issue for many of our friends and loved ones. I recently held a number of commu-nity forums in my district to collabo-rate with local leaders and hear from families whose lives had been swept up by the opioid epidemic. At one of those events, I joined with my good friend, a very successful electrical contractor, Mike Hirst, to speak with students at Jackson High School about the dangers of drug addiction. In 2010, Mike’s son, Andy, died of a heroin overdose at the age of 24. This tragic loss has led Mike to dedicate himself to sharing the experience of his son’s death and helping educate the community. Mike started a foundation in honor of his son and called it Andy’s Angels, where he has counseled addicts, supported families, mentored at-risk youth, and more. People like Mike are making a real difference, and I am committed to ensuring that the Fed-eral Government is a strong partner in this fight. Thanks to this committee’s leader-ship, we took significant strides last Congress with the 21st Century Cures Act and the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, but we need to re-double our efforts. One example is Jessie’s Law, which is a bipartisan bill I introduced along with my friend and colleague, Con-gresswoman D
EBBIE DINGELL . It is named after Jessie Grubb, who trag-ically died of an opioid overdose in Michigan in 2016. Jessie was a recovering addict doing very well, who was unknowingly dis-charged after a surgery from the hos-pital with a prescription for oxycodone that ultimately led to her death. It is a heartbreaking and entirely prevent-able story, and it is why we need to pass Jessie’s Law so medical profes-sionals are equipped to safely treat their patients, prevent overdose trage-dies, and ultimately save lives. I am working with Congresswoman DINGELL as well on another bipartisan bill, the Safe Disposal of Unused Medi-cation Act. Our legislation will help prevent the misuse or diversion of un-used medications by equipping hospice professionals with the legal authority to safely dispose of unused drugs after a hospice patient’s death. Many pa-tients receiving hospice care need pain-killers to help with end-of-life pain, but any leftover medications can, un-fortunately, end up in the wrong hands, and we need to stop that from hap-pening. The committee has made addressing the opioid epidemic a top priority, and these are just two of many legislative solutions that we will hear tonight. This is an urgent crisis, and I stand ready to continue working together to advance a bipartisan and comprehen-sive response, and I thank the leader-ship for taking this on. There is not a moment to waste. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his participation this evening. He brings some valuable insights, and I am always grateful to hear his perspective from the State of Michigan. I now go way out West to California. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS ) for her thoughts on the cri-sis. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in our effort to raise aware-ness for the growing opioid epidemic in America, particularly in the State of California. In 2016, nearly 5,000 Californians died of opioid overdoses. Astonishingly, the year before, 122 million prescription opioid pills were dispensed in Orange County. Mr. Speaker, we cannot allow this cycle of opioid abuse and death to con-tinue, which is why Congress must work together to end the epidemic. I proudly supported recently enacted legislation that provides $4 billion of prevention, treatment, and law en-forcement programs that help address this growing crisis. Ending the opioid epidemic starts at home. On April 28, National Prescrip-tion Drug Take Back Day gives Ameri-cans the opportunity to safely dispose of their excess prescription drugs, in-cluding opioids. This effort can reduce the possibility that these pills will find their way onto our streets. There is still work to be done, but I am confident that together we can end the opioid crisis in this country. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her participation in this evening’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, it is now my great privilege to yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
RIFFITH ), the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations in the En-ergy and Commerce Committee, cer-tainly one of the most thoughtful Members of this body. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.064 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3436 April 18, 2018 
b1900 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate all of the work that Chairman B
URGESS has done on this issue. It is important that he has highlighted it and made it one of the priorities of our committee—not only our sub-committee, but our full committee. Earlier this evening, we heard from Representatives from Kentucky and from West Virginia. When you look at the map, you will see that my congres-sional district, the Ninth District of Virginia, touches West Virginia, touch-es Kentucky, and touches North Caro-lina. What this means to all of us is this—and it touches Tennessee, of course. It means that, if you really worked at it, in my district, you could get to various doctors and various pharmacists in just a couple of days. In that small corner of Virginia, you can travel into other States. You can hit five States in a single day. This is why I have been working on some lan-guage for prescription drug moni-toring, where the States will be en-couraged to work together to try to make sure that we are sharing infor-mation. All of the States—or most of the States now—have such a program, but they don’t always have the lan-guage down the same way. What we have to do as one of a dozen, two dozen, or three dozen things that we are looking at in trying to help re-solve this opioid crisis is that we need to make sure that we have people look-ing at it and making sure that those folks who are addicted and are trying to get prescriptions from different doc-tors and using different pharmacies are not able to do so, to make sure that our programs are working together. It is very important that we continue to work. While I say that it is important, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate so much that Chairman B
URGESS is holding a round-table tomorrow as part of our Health Subcommittee that will be bipartisan, where we are bringing in families from around the country who have suffered a loss, who have a loved one who has died. And while we are not taking any votes on the floor tomorrow, the Health Subcommittee will be meeting because this is just too important to leave Washington without hearing from these important voices, from these people who can bring to us real- life stories. We have all heard them in our com-munities. We have all probably had family members who have been touched by it. But to hear from these families tomorrow, I think, is going to be very special and very poignant, and I appreciate it. I think that we all have something that we can learn. And then, Mr. Speaker, I would like to talk about pill dumping, because we do have to take a look. We have a hear-ing coming up with some of the phar-macies that manufacture these opioids. But we know that in West Virginia, they were dropping millions of pills into communities there—into Williamson, into Kermit, and into Mount Gay-Shamrock. As a result of that, those drugs not only went into West Virginia, but some of those phar-macies that were shut down eventually by the DEA were just a few miles—32 miles, 34 miles—from my district and from districts in Kentucky. We need to find out: Why were they allowing this to happen? Why were they perhaps encouraging it to happen? We don’t know the answers yet, but we are going to have a hearing on that. The Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee is looking into that matter, as well, and has already got lots of in-formation. We are looking at what was going on in the DEA and why they didn’t use their power of an immediate suspen-sion order. When they had the author-ity to do so, Mr. Speaker, it was shock-ing to discover that they chose, in-stead, to come up with a trial standard. As opposed to a standard to stop something bad from happening imme-diately, they chose to have a trial standard, to have all the proof already wrapped up with a nice bow on it. As a part of that, we ended up with a lot of drug stores that continue to use a cash business for operating. Even though the DEA knew there were problems, they wanted to have expert witnesses come in in advance. This is not acceptable. We are work-ing with the DEA to stop that proce-dure and to make sure that, if there are any changes in the law that are necessary to give them more tools, they can shut down somebody quickly when they see a pattern of abuse. Mr. Speaker, the Energy and Com-merce Committee is working hard on all of these issues, and, particularly, we are working to make sure that we give the various agencies and the States the authority to help shut down this horrible, treacherous, and dan-gerous opioid crisis in these United States. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his participation. As the gentleman was talking about, the fact that in his State and the sur-rounding States it is possible that, if there is not collaboration between State prescription monitoring pro-grams, a doctor or a pharmacist would never know what other prescriptions might have been written for a patient. Our committee actually has a history of working on this. Charlie Norwood, a Member of Congress from Georgia, 15 years ago came up with the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Act, or NASPER. We have authorized NASPER several times. I am happy to say that, this year, in the omnibus bill, there actually was fund-ing, for the first time, provided for the NASPER program. It is just a begin-ning. Clearly, the need for this national re-porting program is so critical. In a State like Texas, we are huge, where we don’t even think about other States in Texas. But the crossing of State lines with this information can be ex-tremely powerful and, in fact, it can be lifesaving. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for bringing that up, and I thank him for the work that he is doing on the Oversight and Investigations Sub-committee, and I thank him for the work he is doing on the prevention of pill dumping. Mr. Speaker, the fact that the opioid crisis is devastating our country and undermining our social structures and eroding our economic productivity is, every day, more and more tragic. But the good news, Mr. Speaker, is the cur-rent trends can be reversed. We are building on years of previous bipar-tisan efforts. We all know that our ac-tion is important to the families, to the communities, to our constituents, and to the patients impacted by the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
TAX DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. W
OODALL ) for 30 minutes. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise, unexpectedly, on tax day. You probably woke up on Monday morning this week thinking Tuesday was going to be tax day, as most of America did, but, lo and behold, when the IRS’ payment system crashes, suddenly we are now deeming today tax day rather than yes-terday. While it is a surprise to be speaking on tax day, that collapse of the website sort of makes my point. I want to talk about the great suc-cesses that we have had working to-gether, collaboratively, over the last 14 months to move the American Tax Code in the right direction, and then I want to talk about what we can do to-gether to do even more. You may have seen some of the head-lines in the Washington, D.C., tax rags today, Mr. Speaker, folks talking about the House Ways and Means Com-mittee and how we are prepared to begin to do more. The Senate may be a little bit reluctant to do more. At some point, it is going to require an out-pouring of public support to do more. Let me tell you what I mean by ‘‘more.’’ When we began the process of tax re-form here in the House, Mr. Speaker, we were talking about tax reform first and tax cuts second, reform being that everyone knows that they have to pay taxes. Taxes are certain. But it doesn’t have to be complicated. It doesn’t have to be an additional burden. Writing the check is burdensome; fig-uring out how to calculate how much to write the check for doesn’t have to be. But it has grown that way in this country, Mr. Speaker, and we set about trying to change that in the House. Now, I have a bill in the House called H.R. 25. It is the Fair Tax Act. It would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:50 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.067 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3437 April 18, 2018 
actually take the American Tax Code and shift it, for the first time in 100 years, away from an income tax-based system and return it to the consump-tion tax-based system on which this country began. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know if you have looked at the numbers re-cently. We are the only OECD country that doesn’t have a consumption tax. As you know, the power to tax is a power to destroy. If we want to get rid of something like cigarettes, we tax them in the hopes that there will be less of it. Well, by the same token, when we tax income, guess what. We send the incen-tive that there should be less of it. We tax productivity. The harder you work to feed your beautiful family, Mr. Speaker, the more that the American Government takes from you. You look at these young people com-ing out of college. They are trying to save for their future. They are trying to pay back those student loans. They are trying to make it all work by themselves for the very first time. The harder they work, the more hours they put in, the more we decide we are going to take right off the top. It doesn’t have to be that way. Now, the tax cuts that we passed in December, Mr. Speaker, as you know, lower the American tax burden for the first time in a long time. In fact, a poll out recently said that fewer Americans believe they are overtaxed today, matching record low levels. I think that is a step in the right di-rection. I think that speaks to kind of the collective sigh of relief that you feel across the country among entre-preneurs and those who want to start their own business and families trying to put food on the table. I am glad that we have that collective sigh of relief, but can we do more? Today, we were talking about re-forming the IRS, Mr. Speaker. I have got a list here—H.R. 5444, H.R. 5445, H.R. 2901, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5446, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5443—all bills that this House has considered this week designed to make the IRS serve the American taxpayer better. That is a long list of bills, Mr. Speaker, and that is worth celebrating. We took a big step this week in trying to make the IRS more responsive to the Amer-ican people. Not to be a pessimist, Mr. Speaker, but when you have to share with this agency every penny you earn, every-place that you earned it, share with them how you spent it, the places that you gave it, when you gave it, some-times why you gave it, what you pur-chased with it, right on down the line, Mr. Speaker, I would argue that your wife may know less about your family finances than the IRS does. If not in your family, certainly in many fami-lies, we tell the IRS things we would not tell members of our family. We place an incredible amount of power and responsibility in the IRS’ hands. And I want to be clear: This isn’t an IRS institutional problem. The IRS didn’t ask for this authority. This is a 435–Members-of-the-U.S.-House problem. We put this authority in the IRS’ hands. We gave them an untenable task of wielding this power without abuse. That is why you have almost a dozen bills, Mr. Speaker, today to re-form them. Making those reforms is important, but is there a better way? Do we have to have the IRS involved in every as-pect of our financial life? I am here to tell you that the answer is no. H.R. 25, the Fair Tax Act, Mr. Speak-er, moves us to a consumption tax, which says that we are going to tax you based on what you spend, not on what you earn. So I no longer need to tell the IRS what I earned, where I earned it, and how I spent it. When I get taxed on what I spend, I am not sending that information to the IRS. I am getting taxed while I am at the store. I am getting taxed at Home Depot. I am getting taxed at Kroger. I am getting taxed at Publix. I am get-ting taxed at Macy’s. I am getting taxed on amazon.com. When we tax based on what people consume instead of what they earn, we end that disincentive to earn, and we begin to ask that people ask more seri-ous questions about what they pur-chase. Mr. Speaker, today, as American workers are going off to produce high- quality American goods, they are doing so at a disadvantage. Most nations, as I mentioned earlier, have a consump-tion tax, which means that, when the Germans produce an automobile and they send it to America, they have a consumption tax—a value added tax, in their case—that had been taxed on that car that had been sold in Germany. Since they are shipping it to America, they remove that tax and send that car to America tax free. We pay taxes on it when we purchase it. Not so when the American car goes to Germany. The big BMW plant in South Carolina producing BMWs, when that car is produced, all of the embed-ded taxation of the corporate taxes BMW is paying and the payroll taxes BMW workers are paying, all of those taxes are built into the price of that BMW. When we ship it out for sale to the rest of the world, the price of that car is higher because Americans built it. That is just nonsense. b1915 Why in the world have we chosen to disadvantage ourselves relative to the rest of the world? Well, when you choose to have an in-come tax and when you choose to have a payroll tax, you then choose to bury those costs in the price of your goods and services. It is a competitive dis-advantage of America. I mentioned payroll taxes, Mr. Speaker. You may not know, but pay-roll taxes are the largest tax that 85 percent of American families pay. Let me say that again. We just had this whole long debate over reforming the income tax system, and it was an important debate to have. We had this whole debate about how it is we can provide more money in workers’ paychecks by changes to the income tax system. It was an impor-tant debate to have. But 85 percent of American families pay more in payroll taxes—that FICA tax you see, it is 15.3 percent of everything that you earn— pay more in payroll taxes than they do in income taxes. So the time is going to come that we are going to have to gather here, Mr. Speaker, in this Chamber to have a de-bate about how we reform the payroll tax system. The payroll tax system is very im-portant. It funds Social Security and Medicare. We want those programs to be successful. We know that as we sit here today, the revenue streams are not sufficient to make those programs successful. So if you believe in those programs, we need to have those con-versations today about the Fair Tax, Mr. Speaker, the only tax bill in Con-gress that examines the payroll tax as the lead reform mechanism of tax re-form. We went in and we changed the cor-porate tax system in the tax cuts bill last year, Mr. Speaker, and we did a good job there. We took it from being the absolute worst Tax Code on the planet in terms of competitiveness and we moved America to about the top five. That is good news. Not worst to first, but worst to top five. I will take it. When Ronald Reagan and the Demo-crats did tax reform back in 1986, they then moved America from worst to first. In the intervening 30 years, the rest of the world caught up with Amer-ica, surpassed America, moved us back into last place. We moved ourselves last December into the top five. My question is, Mr. Speaker, when did it become an American value, when did American exceptionalism begin to be defined by being in the top five, one of the folks out in front? My definition of American exceptionalism is being number one, being the very best, setting the stand-ard, letting the rest of the world fol-low. The Fair Tax encompasses that by recognizing that businesses don’t pay taxes. They just collect taxes. They collect them from their employees in the form of lower wages, they collect them from their customers in the form of higher prices, they collect them from the owners of capital in the form of lower returns to pension plans for American retirees, but businesses don’t pay taxes. There is no secret drawer that a business dips into to pay its tax bill. It is lower wages, higher prices, or lower rates of return. Well, recognizing this, and we did a lot of recognizing of that during this tax reform debate, we have now low-ered the corporate tax rate to the low-est rate in my lifetime. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:15 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.068 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3438 April 18, 2018 
The question is, now that we are see-ing the benefits of that, we are seeing money plowed back into workers’ pay-checks, we are seeing wages rise—and we are not having the discussion of minimum wage here anymore, Mr. Speaker, because businesses across the country can’t find enough employees, they are raising wages on their own, they are putting bonuses out there on their own. Those businesses have more money in their pockets and they are putting it in the pockets of their em-ployees. There is not a business in your dis-trict, Mr. Speaker, that doesn’t recog-nize the most important asset that business has is a motivated and loyal workforce. Employees are the most valuable asset that a business has. Those employees are rewarded when the business succeeds. Why is it that now that we are seeing that, now that we are recognizing that, we see the reality that when you put more money back in the business, that business puts more money back in a paycheck, why don’t we go the rest of the way? Why don’t we move America back from worst to first one more time, abolish that corporate income tax, recognize that businesses don’t pay taxes, they just collect them from their employees? That reduction of corporate income taxes so far, Mr. Speaker, has led to bo-nuses for more than 4 million Amer-ican workers, wages rising across the board at the highest level in years, un-employment at a sustained level lower than ever before recorded. Mr. Speaker, the Tax Code is one of those things that people can use to pick winners and losers, and an income Tax Code particularly lends itself to pick winners and losers. The Fair Tax says let’s not pick win-ners and losers; let’s have one rate that everybody pays on everything that they buy. Let’s recognize that con-sumption is a better form of taxation than income is, again, as the only OECD country that does not have a consumption tax, and let us recognize that there is even more economic growth that we can squeeze out of the American economy today. You have seen the capital investment that comes from the immediate ex-pensing that was included in the last tax bill, Mr. Speaker. Well, immediate expensing is the same as not taxing that investment at all. It is what I am saying. Instead of just being for some purchases, for some investments, it would be for all purchases, for all in-vestments. We gave businesses that benefit in December. Four million workers and counting have received bonuses, wages rising faster than they have in years. What about repatriated earnings, Mr. Speaker? How are we advantaged as a Nation by trapping earnings overseas? If a company can’t bring its earnings back to America to invest in America, what is it going to do? If those earn-ings are trapped overseas, they are going to get invested overseas, they are going to build that next plant overseas, they are going to make that next pur-chase overseas. How in the world are we advantaged as a Nation by trapping earnings overseas? Well, we recognized that we are not. We recognized that by lowering the re-patriation rate, we have brought back trillions of dollars. That return to America is continuing, but we can do more. That corporate rate going to zero does more. The Tax Code is the only regulatory action we take, Mr. Speaker, that dis-advantages America relative to the rest of the world for no benefit whatso-ever. Let us concede that we have bills to pay as a Nation and we are going to raise the revenue to pay those bills. Now, having conceded that we are going to raise the revenue to pay those bills, let’s raise that revenue in the simplest, least economically destruc-tive way possible: a consumption tax. Milton Friedman would tell it. If you don’t believe Nobel laureate econo-mists, you can look at State experi-ments across the country. If you don’t believe those State experiments, you can look at changing tax codes in our neighboring countries around the world, our allies around the world. We have a choice in how we collect revenue, and H.R. 25, the Fair Tax Act, is the most comprehensive recognition that we can do away with the income tax, we can repeal the 16th Amendment that even made the income tax possible in this country. We can return to a consumption tax so that we all have skin in the game in how this govern-ment is run and operated. We can en-sure the solvency of Social Security and Medicare by changing the way we collect the revenue stream for those programs. We can put more money in workers’ pockets by eliminating the largest tax that 85 percent of American families pay in eliminating that FICA tax. We can put America back on top economi-cally, as we tried to do in 1986, as we saw happen during the 1990s as a result of those Tax Code changes, and we can return America to being an exporter to the world, not just an importer from the world. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to have that debate. If someone believes that disadvantaging the American worker is valuable in some way, let’s talk about it. If someone sees a hidden benefit to making it harder for the rest of the world to buy American goods, let’s talk about it and let me understand those benefits with you. But if you share my vision of Amer-ican exceptionalism, that being in the top five isn’t good enough, that being number one, being the leader, being the definer of success is the only thing that is going to be good enough for the fam-ilies that each and every one of us rep-resent, then go back and look at H.R. 25 one more time. I understand, having just passed tax reform, the largest tax reform in a gen-eration, folks wonder if we are able to do even more. We can. I understand that having this tax day to be the very last tax day that any American family has to deal with the old, complicated code, folks wonder, can we do even better for next tax year. We have already done better for next tax year, Mr. Speaker, but we can do even more. Take a look at the Fair Tax. Dozens upon dozens of your colleagues have al-ready recognized its merits. Dozens upon dozens of your colleagues have al-ready recognized our opportunity to stop fighting the economic battle with one arm tied behind the American worker’s back. I celebrate the success that we achieved together, Mr. Speaker. I cele-brate the coming together in the name of making a better economy possible for American workers and their fami-lies. Let’s take that success and let’s build on that success, and let’s not have this be the last tax day that we celebrate. Let’s celebrate today that we will never have to deal with the old Tax Code again, and let’s anticipate that day where we will never even have tax day again, because in the absence of an income tax, the American family need never deal with the IRS again. Let’s eliminate April 15 as tax day. Let’s make it just another beautiful spring day. Let’s relieve the American family of the burden of complying with the Tax Code. Let’s free the American family and American businesses to do what is in their own family’s and their own business’ best interest. Make tax day just another day, Mr. Speaker. Support the Fair Tax. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1281. An act to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP7.070 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3439 April 18, 2018 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 167. An act to designate a National Me-morial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 27 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 19, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4588. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Importation of Lemons From Chile Into the Continental United States [Docket No.: APHIS-2015-0051] (RIN: 0579-AE20) re-ceived April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 4589. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of the President, transmitting the Office’s Final Sequestration Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2018, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 904(f)(1); Public Law 99-177, Sec. 254 (as amended by Public Law 112-25, Sec. 103); (125 Stat. 246); to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 4590. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Temporary Extension of Test Pro-gram for Comprehensive Small Business Subcontracting Plans (DFARS Case 2015- D013) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0027] (RIN: 0750-AJ00) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4591. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Christopher F. Burne, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4592. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Competition for Religious-Related Services Contracts (DFARS Case 2016-D015) [Docket No.: DARS-2016-0034] (RIN: 0750- AJ06) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4593. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Consolidation of Contract Require-ments (DFARS Case 2017-D004) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0014] (RIN: 0750-AJ43) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 4594. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Educational Service Agreements (DFARS Case 2017-D039) [Docket No.: DARS- 2018-0013] (RIN: 0750-AJ49) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Services. 4595. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligi-bility (Iowa, Hancock County, City of Corwith, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2018-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8523] re-ceived April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4596. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (DeSoto County, MS, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2018-0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8519] received March 28, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4597. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Cam-eron County, TX, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA- 2018-0002] [Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA-8517] received March 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 4598. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Definition of ‘‘Information Tech-nology’’ (DFARS Case 2017-D033) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-0013] (RIN: 0750-AJ39) re-ceived April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 4599. A letter from the Director, Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisi-tion Policy, Department of Defense, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Sup-plement: Safe Access to Projects in Afghani-stan (DFARS Case 2017-D032) [Docket No.: DARS-2018-D007] (RIN: 0750-AJ38) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 4600. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — New Source Perform-ance Standards and National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants; Del-egation of Authority to New Mexico [EPA- R06-OAR-2016-0091; FRL-9975-94-Region 6] re-ceived April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4601. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Alaska: Re-gional Haze Progress Report [EPA-R10-OAR- 2016-0749; FRL-9976-71-Region 10] received April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4602. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mis-souri; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference; Correcting Amendments [EPA- R07-OAR-2015-0105; FRL-9976-48-Region 7] re-ceived April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4603. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Legal and Policy, Auctions and Spectrum and Ac-cess Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Procedures for the Mobility Fund Phase II Challenge Process [WT Docket No.: 10-90] [WT Docket No.: 10-208] received April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4604. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Mo-bility Division, Wireless Telecommuni-cations Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment to Parts 1, 2, 22, 24, 27, 90 and 95 of the Commission’s Rules to Improve Wireless Coverage Through the Use of Signal Boosters [WT Docket No.: 10-4] re-ceived April 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 4605. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90]; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications [WC Docket No.: 14-58]; Establishing Just and Reasonable Rates for Local Exchange Car-riers [WC Docket No.: 07-135]; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime [CC Docket No.: 01-92] received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 4606. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-087, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4607. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-080, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4608. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-088, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4609. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-009, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4610. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-081, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4611. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.021 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3440 April 18, 2018 
transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-054, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4612. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign As-sets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — North Korea Sanctions Regulations received February 28, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 4613. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2018-2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 103-62, Sec. 3(a) (as amended by Public Law 111-352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4614. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of Inspector General, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Streamlining the Office of Inspector General’s Freedom of Informa-tion Act Regulations and Implementing the FOIA Improvement Act of 2016 [Docket No.: FR-6048-F-01] received February 28, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4615. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmit-ting the Commission’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4616. A letter from the Vice Chairman, U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, transmit-ting the Board’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act re-port, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 4617. A letter from the Chairman, United States International Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4618. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer/Regulatory Specialist, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Repeal of Regulatory Amend-ment and Restoration of Former Regulatory Language Governing Service of Official Cor-respondence [Docket No.: ONRR-2016-0003; DS63644000 DR2PS0000.CH7000 178D0102R2] (RIN: 1012-AA22) received April 9, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 4619. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Extension of Port Limits of Savannah, GA [Docket No.: USCBP-2017-0017] (CBP Dec. 18-03) received April 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4620. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Request for Comments on Scope of Determination Letter Program for Individ-ually Designed Plans During Calendar Year 2019 [Notice 2018-24] received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 4621. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Determination of Housing Cost Amounts Eligible for Exclusion or Deduction for 2018 [Notice 2018-33] received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4622. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Section 911(d)(4) -2017 Update (Rev. Proc. 2018-23) received April 10, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 4623. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Definition of Importer Security Filing Importer [USCBP-2016-0040] (RIN: 1651- AA98) received April 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE of California: Committee on Foreign Affairs. H.R. 4744. A bill to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Government of Iran, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 115–642, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3144. A bill to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain oper-ation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–643, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3144 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on the Judiciary, Financial Services, and Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 4744 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5545. A bill to provide emergency as-sistance to States, territories, Tribal na-tions, and local areas affected by the opioid epidemic and to make financial assistance available to States, territories, Tribal na-tions, local areas, and public or private non-profit entities to provide for the develop-ment, organization, coordination, and oper-ation of more effective and cost efficient sys-tems for the delivery of essential services to individuals with substance use disorder and their families; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittees on the Judiciary, and Natural Re-sources, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5546. A bill to authorize the use of cer-tain Department of Defense funds for com-bating opioid trafficking and abuse in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 5547. A bill to amend the Violence Against Women Act of 2000 to reauthorize the grant program for education, training, and enhanced services to end violence against and abuse of women with disabil-ities; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5548. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to conduct a study on the presence of pharmaceuticals and personal care products in sources of drinking water; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 5549. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 5550. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to increase the maximum Federal Pell Grant amount, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IMES, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California): H.R. 5551. A bill to direct the Attorney General to submit to Congress investigative materials in the event of certain pardons granted by the President, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 5552. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to reinstate information about cli-mate change that was removed from, or re-dacted on, the Agency’s website, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BACON (for himself and Ms. R
OSEN ): H.R. 5553. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to take certain steps to improve the Transition Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18AP7.000 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3441 April 18, 2018 
By Mr. MULLIN (for himself, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas): H.R. 5554. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to reauthorize user fee programs relating to new animal drugs and generic new animal drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5555. A bill to make necessary reforms to improve compliance with loss mitigation requirements by servicers of mortgages for single family housing insured by the FHA and to prevent foreclosures on FHA bor-rowers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. A
BRA-
HAM, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. B UCK, Mr. B UDD, Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. Y
OHO): H.R. 5556. A bill to provide for trans-parency and reporting related to direct and indirect costs incurred by the Bonneville Power Administration, the Western Area Power Administration, the Southwestern Power Administration, and the Southeastern Power Administration related to compliance with any Federal environmental laws im-pacting the conservation of fish and wildlife, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5557. A bill to amend the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 to authorize the Attorney General, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of the Drug En-forcement Administration, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Direc-tor of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, to award grants to covered entities to establish or maintain disposal sites for unwanted prescription medications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H.R. 5558. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out under the Medicare program an alternatives to opioids in emergency departments dem-onstration project; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 5559. A bill to transfer functions re-lated to the preparation of flood maps from the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to the Director of the United States Geological Survey, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 5560. A bill to amend the consumer product safety laws to repeal of exclusion of pistols, revolvers, and other firearms from the definition of consumer product under such laws; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 5561. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional Gold Medal to Barbara Rose Johns in recognition of her achievements and contributions to the Nation and civil rights; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 5562. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a strategy implementing certain recommenda-tions relating to the Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L
EE, and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER ): H.R. 5563. A bill to amend the Food, Con-servation, and Energy Act of 2008 to revise the food insecurity nutrition incentive; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI (for him-self, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia): H.R. 5564. A bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require insti-tutions of higher education that participate in programs under such title to distribute voter registration forms to students enrolled at the institution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mrs. LAWRENCE (for herself, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. L EE, Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEY of New York, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, and Ms. C
LARK of Massa-chusetts): H.R. 5565. A bill to require a study of Fed-eral agencies to determine which Federal agencies have the greatest impact on wom-en’s participation in the workforce; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 5566. A bill to establish a technology- based job training and education program; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ): H.R. 5567. A bill to enable projects that will aid in the development and delivery of related instruction associated with appren-ticeship and preapprenticeship programs that are focused on serving the skilled tech-nical workforce at DOE National Labora-tories and certain facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. G
UTHRIE ): H.R. 5568. A bill to amend the 21st Century Cures Act to provide for designation of insti-tutions of higher education that provide re-search, data, and leadership on continuous manufacturing as National Centers of Excel-lence in Continuous Pharmaceutical Manu-facturing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. C
UL-
BERSON , and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): H.R. 5569. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram to enhance the mapping of urban flood-ing and associated property damage and the availability of such mapped data to home-owners, businesses, and localities to help un-derstand and mitigate the risk of such flood-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 5570. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize certain grantees to contract with or make sub-awards to local or regional organizations that are private and nonprofit, and that may be faith-based, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Mr. SAN-
FORD , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. K
NIGHT ): H.R. 5571. A bill to amend subchapter III of chapter 99 of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to repeal increases in duty and a tariff-rate quota on certain crys-talline silicon photovoltaic cells, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. G AETZ ): H.R. 5572. A bill to prevent a fiscal crisis by enacting legislation to balance the Fed-eral budget through reductions of discre-tionary and mandatory spending; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 5573. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identifica-tion information and to require providers of telephone service to offer technology to sub-scribers to reduce the incidence of unwanted telephone calls and text messages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. M
AST, Mr. B ERGMAN , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mr. M OOLENAAR ): H.R. 5574. A bill to prohibit the use of funds appropriated or otherwise available to De-partment of Homeland Security frontline operational components for the procurement of certain items that do not meet specified criteria, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 5575. A bill to improve the treatment of Federal prisoners who are primary care-taker parents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. R
OYCE  of California, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. P
OEof Texas, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. C ASTRO of Texas): H.R. 5576. A bill to address state-sponsored cyber activities against the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself, Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. C LARKE of New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18AP7.100 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3442 April 18, 2018 
York, Mr. R USH, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B EYER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C RIST, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. L EE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. H ECK, Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mis-sissippi, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. S OTO, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. E VANS , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Ms. R OSEN ): H. Res. 834. A resolution expressing no con-fidence in the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency and calling for the immediate resignation of the Adminis-trator; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, and Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mrs. L OWEY ): H. Res. 835. A resolution supporting robust relations with the State of Israel bilaterally and in multilateral fora upon seventy years of statehood, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
178. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to Original Senate Joint Resolution 2, Senate Enrolled Joint Resolution 1, com-memorating the sesquicentennial of the signing of the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 179. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to Original House Joint Resolution 8, House Enrolled Joint Resolution 3, commemorating the ses-quicentennial of the signing of the 1868 Trea-ty of Fort Bridger; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 180. Also, a memorial of the House of Rep-resentatives of the State of Missouri, rel-ative to House Resolution No. 5213, urging the Secretary of Transportation to imme-diately suspend the final rule requiring an electronic logging device for trucks and specified commercial vehicles for all persons and companies nationwide; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 181. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to Original House Joint Resolution 2, House Enrolled Joint Resolution 1, requesting Congress to enact legislation permitting western states to enter into a voluntary compact to estab-lish a graduated commercial driver licensing program that would allow commercial driv-ers between eighteen (18) and twenty-one (21) years of age to operate a commercial motor vehicle in a consenting, contiguous state; jointly to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 5545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5546. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 5547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 5548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. D
EFAZIO: H.R. 5549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 5550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. SCHIFF: H.R. 5551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Abuse of Pardon Prevention Act is con-stitutionally authorized under and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Prop-er Clause. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 5552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘Congress shall have power to . . . make rules for the government and reg-ulation of the land and naval forces.’’ By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 5554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 5555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 5556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. (Commerce Clause) The Commerce Clause give Congress the power to ‘‘regulate commerce . . . among the several States.’’ If the matter in ques-tion is not purely a local matter or if it has an impact on inter-state commerce, then it falls within Congress’ powers. National Fed-eral of Independent Business v. Sebilius. (2012). By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BUCHANAN: H.R. 5558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress’s specified powers are primarily, but not exclusively, found in Section 8 of Ar-ticle I of the Constitution. This section con-tains 18 clauses, 17 of which enumerate rel-atively specific powers granted to the Con-gress. Among the powers enumerated are Congress’s powers to regulate commerce. By Mr. CRAWFORD: H.R. 5559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 5560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 5561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L18AP7.100 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3443 April 18, 2018 
By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 5562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 5563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI: H.R. 5564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, of the US Constitution. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 5565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18: allows Con-gress to make all laws ‘‘which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execu-tion’’ any ‘‘other’’ powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States. The Supreme Court has held that the power to conduct oversight is implied from the general vesting of legislative powers in Congress. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 5567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 5568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 5569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: H.R. 5570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 5572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 5573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TAYLOR: H.R. 5574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counter-feiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court; and Offenses against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress In-surrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline pre-scribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not ex-ceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TAYLOR: 
H.R. 5575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counter-feiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court; and Offenses against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress In-surrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline pre-scribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not ex-ceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 5576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 35: Mr. J ORDAN . H.R. 141: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 159: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 173: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California. H.R. 459: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 466: Mr. B
OST. H.R. 592: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 669: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 681: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. L
OVE, and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 712: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 741: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 787: Mr. G
ALLEGO . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.024 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3444 April 18, 2018 
H.R. 930: Mr. B ACON , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. T IP-
TON, and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 959: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1027: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1102: Mr. V
ARGAS . H.R. 1173: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. R USH, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1251: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1270: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1291: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 1318: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 1377: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1445: Mr. W
ITTMAN and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 1494: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 1683: Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. B ERA, and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 1697: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1881: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 1911: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 1928: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 1949: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1955: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1957: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2106: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2141: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2267: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. L
OBIONDO , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 2310: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 2315: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2317: Mr. K
IND, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 2358: Mr. O
LSON and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 2477: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 2687: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 2712: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 2856: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 2913: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 2917: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 3030: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. M CCAUL. H.R. 3075: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3181: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 3186: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3207: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 3330: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3429: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, and Mr. V ARGAS . H.R. 3635: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 3642: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 3733: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 3780: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 3798: Mr. B
OST, Mr. B UCK, and Mr. B
ERGMAN . H.R. 3832: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 3855: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 3861: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 3931: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3939: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3956: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3976: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4005: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 4022: Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 4023: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 4030: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 4044: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 4207: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 4223: Mr. D
EUTCH and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 4260: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4265: Mr. P
ERRY and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 4275: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 4320: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4321: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4334: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4340: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 4429: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 4638: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 4639: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4681: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 4692: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 4706: Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 4720: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 4732: Mr. K
ATKO , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 4775: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4808: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 4841: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4846: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 4886: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 4903: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 4944: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 4953: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 4954: Mr. H
ECKand Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 4997: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 4999: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 5038: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 5049: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5102: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 5121: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 5129: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 5141: Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. K IND, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OSS, Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Mr. L AWSON  of Florida. H.R. 5150: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5191: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 5193: Mr. K
INDand Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5199: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 5220: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5226: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5248: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5306: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 5339: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5345: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 5353: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 5356: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana. H.R. 5358: Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. B LUM. H.R. 5359: Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 5369: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 5374: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. C LAY, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 5385: Mr. C
URTIS , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. G AL-
LAGHER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 5410: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 5435: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 5459: Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Mr. C OLE. H.R. 5465: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5467: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 5505: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . H.R. 5520: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 5536: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 5537: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.J. Res. 132: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK and Mr. E
STES of Kansas. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Geor- gia. H. Con. Res. 117: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 274: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H. Res. 307: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H. Res. 401: Mr. O’ROURKE and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H. Res. 718: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H. Res. 763: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H. Res. 774: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B
ERA, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT Rochester, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali- fornia, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K
IND, Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN  of Washington, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor- ida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor- gia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , M
S. BORDALLO , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
ABLAN , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 781: Ms. N
ORTON . H. Res. 785: Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:03 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.027 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3445 April 18, 2018 
STEWART , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. S
MITH of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, and Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. H. Res. 789: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. COLE, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. W ALK-
ER, and Mr. S MUCKER . H. Res. 806: Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H. Res. 818: Ms. B
ASS, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. P LASKETT , and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H. Res. 821: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. B
ORDALLO . H. Res. 827: Mr. LIPINSKI . H. Res. 829: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B RENDAN F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. C
OSTA , and Ms. R OSEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:22 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP7.032 H18APPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2227 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18, 2018 No. 63 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, source of the light that never dims, empower us to glorify Your Name. Forgive us when we cast away our confidence in You. Lord, thank You for Your infinite goodness that directs our hearts to seek Your wisdom, power, and love. Remember our lawmakers. Give them a faith that can overcome obstacles, challenges, and setbacks. Fill each of us with the joy and peace that comes from believing in You. And, Lord, we thank You for the gift of Barbara Bush, as we praise You for her life and legacy. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY BUREAU OF CON-SUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S.J. Res. 57, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lend-ing and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12 noon will be equally divided between the managers or their designees. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. 
REMEMBERING BARBARA BUSH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the Senate pays tribute this morning to a beloved American who passed away yesterday. To our 41st President, her lucky hus-band, Barbara Pierce Bush was a be-loved wife and partner for more than seven decades. To the American people, whom she lovingly served as an exem-plary First Lady, she was one of the most respected and well-liked public figures of her generation. And to the 5 children, 17 grandchildren, great-grand-children, and all the family Barbara Bush leaves behind at the age of 92, she was a beloved matriarch. By all ac-counts, she was equally capable of building up those she loved most and poking fun at them when they deserved it. Put simply, Barbara was a founding partner of the most influential polit-ical family of our era. The epic love story of George Bush and Barbara Pierce began at a Christ-mas dance in 1941. The intimacy of wartime love letters beat back the vastness of oceans, and they married just weeks after George returned from the Pacific. George once wrote that his beloved wife has ‘‘given me joy that few men know.’’ Barbara put it this way just a few weeks before her passing: ‘‘I am still old, and still in love.’’ The love story grew and grew. Eventually, it in-corporated the entire Nation. Barbara embraced the mantle of ‘‘America’s grandmother.’’ The self- deprecating humor in that title was classic Barbara, but her plainspoken humility concealed formidable strengths and talents. Even under all the bright lights and the pressures of public scrutiny, she always combined wit with warmth, smarts with common sense, and great toughness with great-er compassion. The beneficiaries of these qualities were many. The cause of literacy, in particular, bids farewell to a devoted champion, but above all, Barbara’s life was defined by love. She loved her husband and her family. She loved her country, and America loved her back. Today, the Senate stands united, as does the Nation, with the Bush family and their great many friends. We join them in mourning their loss and in prayer. 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION  
Mr. President, later today, the Sen-ate will vote on rolling back another piece of Obama-era overreach. Just like the historic 15 times we have al-ready used the Congressional Review Act, the goal here is simple: We want to protect consumers and job creators from needless interference by the Fed-eral bureaucracy. Today, thanks to Senators M
ORAN and T OOMEY , we can make it 16. We can nullify a particu-larly egregious overstep by President Obama’s Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau and notch another victory in this Congress’s record of rolling back overregulation. 
NOMINATION OF CARLOS MUNIZ  
Mr. President, we will also vote to confirm President Trump’s choice to serve as general counsel at the Depart-ment of Education, Carlos Muniz. This qualified nominee has been waiting for his confirmation vote since October. I would urge everyone to join me in vot-ing to confirm him. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.000 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2228 April 18, 2018 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, we will also vote today to advance the Coast Guard Au-thorization Act. This is an important step for brave men and women whose work often flies under the radar. Today, as ever, the United States calls on our Coast Guard to carry out crit-ical safety and security missions with little room for error. Just last year, Coast Guard personnel stopped over $7 billion in illegal drugs and contraband from crossing our borders. They guard-ed and maintained shipping lanes, and they risked their lives to lead heroic rescues after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. In addition to authorizing funding for the Coast Guard, this legislation in-cludes a bipartisan measure that is particularly important to States with navigable inland waterways, such as Kentucky, Mississippi, Alaska, and others. I am very proud to have worked with Senators W
ICKER , S ULLIVAN , T
HUNE , and R UBIO to make sure this provision was included. In Kentucky, 1,900 miles of navigable waterways are used to ship everything from agri-culture to coal. They support 13,000 maritime jobs, and those jobs support countless others throughout America— moving food from the fields, energy to homes and businesses, and exports to market. Our vessel owners and operators have been saddled with uncertainty. They have faced a patchwork of overlapping, duplicative regulations enforced by the Coast Guard, the EPA, and the States. This inefficient regulatory regime un-necessarily raises costs and jeopardizes jobs. Our provision, the Commercial Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, would clean up that mess and make life easier for American mariners and vessel opera-tors, while still protecting our environ-ment. It would give them regulatory certainty and a single, uniform, cost- effective standard enforced by the Coast Guard. This predictable struc-ture will protect our natural resources, while ensuring that commerce can flow freely to market. This provision commands broad bi-partisan support. It has been reported favorably out of the Commerce Com-mittee six times during the last three Congresses, including when my Demo-cratic colleagues controlled the com-mittee. I am glad that this year we have the opportunity to reauthorize funding for our Coast Guard and deliver this key victory at the same time. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, on another matter, I noticed that a number of my Demo-cratic colleagues attended a small pro-test rally yesterday. It was right here on the Capitol grounds. Apparently, it was put out by a number of leftwing pressure groups, including moveon.org, Planned Parenthood, and Big Labor. What were they protesting out there? What outrage brought leading Demo-crats to join this protest on the east front of the Capitol? It turns out it was the fact that Republicans let middle- class families and American small businesses keep more of their own money. That is right. The Democrats are rallying to repeal the tax cuts. Never mind that our own pro-growth tax reform has led to thousand-dollar bonuses, pay raises, educational oppor-tunities, or other new benefits for lit-erally millions of Americans. Demo-crats still want to repeal it. Never mind the new estimate that says tax reform will yield more than 1 million new jobs in the next decade or the fact that jobless claims are at their lowest levels since—listen to this—1973. No amount of good news will shake Democrats’ confidence that they know how to spend the American people’s money better than the American peo-ple themselves. My friend the Demo-cratic leader said so right here on the floor a few weeks ago. This is exactly what he said: ‘‘There are much better uses for the money.’’ Really? On aver-age, a family of four earning a median income will save about $2,000 on their taxes. I don’t think a middle-class fam-ily will have difficulty finding good ways to use $2,000. They certainly don’t need a bureaucrat to do it for them. Maybe they need a new washer and dryer or a new refrigerator. Maybe it will help them make the downpayment on a second car. Maybe they will use it to keep up with rising health costs since ObamaCare has utterly failed to keep costs down for American families. Whatever they choose, I am glad Re-publican tax reform is letting hard- working parents keep more of their own money. But my Democratic colleagues obvi-ously disagree. They are rallying to take back—to take back—that family’s money so they can spend it themselves. They are so out of touch that they scoff at $2,000 tax cuts, thousand-dollar bonuses, and permanent wages in-creases for hourly workers. They call them ‘‘crumbs’’—‘‘crumbs.’’ To be fair, in the wealthiest parts of San Fran-cisco or New York, maybe $1,000 does look like a rounding error. We know those are the places our Democratic colleagues are literally focused on. When President Obama was in power, Democratic policies fueled an incred-ibly uneven economic recovery. By one estimate, the biggest, richest urban areas captured 73 percent of all job gains. Meanwhile, millions of Americans in smaller cities, small towns, and rural areas saw little or no progress. Believe me, after years of being left behind by Democratic policies, the middle-class Kentuckians I represent and hard- working Americans all over the coun-try do not see a $1,000 bonus or a $2,000 tax cut as ‘‘crumbs.’’ Democrats protest America’s tax cuts, bonuses, and new jobs. They can protest it all they want to, but Repub-licans will keep defending middle-class families. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I want to briefly address an issue that has been raised in the context of the vote we will have later today. As you know, later today we will be using the Con-gressional Review Act to repeal a very ill-conceived regulation imposed by the CFPB. Some of our colleagues and some outside this Chamber have sug-gested that it is somehow problematic to use the Congressional Review Act— to use this device—for the repeal of a regulation that is promulgated by guidance as opposed to those regula-tions promulgated in accordance with the Administrative Procedure Act, which we usually refer to as a rule, or a rulemaking. The reality is that the applicability of the Congressional Review Act to a guidance, in my view, is very obvious and very well-established and should not be controversial. I understand that people might like the CFPB’s rule, which I don’t, but to suggest that be-cause they issued it through a guidance rather than through the appropriate rulemaking process, we shouldn’t be using the Congressional Review Act, I think, is completely mistaken. First of all, there is the CRA’s defini-tion of a rule. It is very broad and in-tentionally so. I will quote in part that definition. It says: ‘‘The whole or a part of an agency statement of general or particular applicability.’’ The text says nothing about limiting the Congressional Review Act proce-dural device to formal rulemakings that follow from the Administrative Procedure Act. It is much broader than that. Instead it says: ‘‘The whole or a part of an agency statement.’’ You don’t have to just take my word for this. You could go back to the statements of the authors of the Con-gressional Review Act itself, the legis-lation that makes this vote today pos-sible. One of the authors was none other than Harry Reid, the former Sen-ate majority leader and Senate minor-ity leader. Senator Reid was very clear about the intention. He and Senator Nickles, at the time, and Senator Ste-vens put out a joint statement, which I will quote. It is brief, but it is impor-tant. It says: The authors are concerned that some agen-cies have attempted to circumvent notice- and-comment requirements by trying to give legal effect to general statements of policy, ‘‘guidelines,’’ and agency policy and proce-dure manuals. The authors admonish the agencies that the APA’s broad definition of ‘‘rule’’ was adopted by the authors of this legislation [the CRA] to discourage cir-cumvention of the requirements of [the] chapter. 
Here is the irony implied by the posi-tion of those who suggest we can’t use the Congressional Review Act to repeal a guidance. What they really are sug-gesting is that the regulators and the agencies ought to be able to cir-cumvent the very public process that is established in law—the Administrative Procedure Act—for rulemaking. They ought to be able to avoid the need to collaborate with other regulators to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.002 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2229 April 18, 2018 
issue a proposed rule to the public for an extensive comment period and to make it subject to scrutiny—all of the things we demand of a proper rule-making so that we end up with a better rule—right?—one that has been vetted, one that has been fully considered. What you are saying is that the CRA is not applicable. When this is done by a guidance, you create an incentive for the agency to circumvent this very public scrutiny so that they can im-pose their will directly without it. That would clearly be a terrible out-come. Fortunately, the authors of this legislation wrote it precisely so that it could apply to a guidance, and they made it clear that was the outcome they wanted. It doesn’t end there, though. There have been more than a dozen instances already when Members of the Senate have asked the GAO to review guidance to determine whether that guidance rises to the level of importance and has the nature of a rulemaking so that it would be subject to the Congressional Review Act. As a matter of fact, within a single year of the passage of the Con-gressional Review Act, Congress asked GAO to review a guidance for this pur-pose. This has been done many times. In fact, it is our Democratic colleagues who set the precedent for attempting to overturn a guidance after the tradi-tional CRA time window had expired because the guidance was not in the nature of a formal rulemaking. In 2008, there was an effort by Sen-ators Rockefeller and Baucus to over-turn a CHIP guidance and to use the Congressional Review Act to do it, ex-actly as we are going to use today the Congressional Review Act to overturn a different guidance. That effort by Senators Rockefeller and Baucus had 41 cosponsors, including then-Senator Obama, Senators Biden, Clinton, Schu-mer, Durbin, Brown, and many other Democratic Senators who are still serving today. Senator Baucus, a Dem-ocrat, laid out the case. He said: 
One agency attempted to ignore its obliga-tions and circumvent the process established by the CRA. And the agency should not be rewarded. 
I couldn’t agree more. He is exactly right. Here is more from Senator Bau-cus: 
This resolution is a way for Congress to send the message that it expects agencies to comply with the law. Congress should stand up for itself and disapprove of this rule, be-cause it was not promulgated properly. 
It makes perfect sense to be able to overturn a guidance that has the force of a rule, which is to say—really, let’s be honest—the force of law was always contemplated as part of the CRA, and our Democratic colleagues attempted to use it for that very purpose. To do anything else would be to encourage the agencies to sneak around the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act, to avoid the public scrutiny and disclosure re-quirements, and promulgate rules through guidance routinely. There is another more fundamental issue that I think we should be ac-knowledging; that is, the use of the Congressional Review Act is a really important—a modest but important step in the direction of restoring ac-countability to Congress. As the Presiding Officer understands very well, the Constitution is com-pletely unambiguous. It is very clear. Legislative authority is vested in Con-gress. It is supposed to be our responsi-bility to write the laws, but we dele-gate a huge amount of authority and power to the executive branch. We say: Well, you write these rules. Maybe, it is too complicated or, maybe, we don’t want to be held accountable for the outcome. It happens all the time. There has been a huge shift whereby the permanent bureaucracy, the ad-ministration, has an enormous amount of power to effectively write laws. We call them rules, sometimes guidance, but they have the power of law. They have the force of law. They are not op-tional. They are imposed on whatever industry or individual is subject to them. At a minimum, I think, Congress ought to be reviewing this. This is a mechanism for holding Congress ac-countable for the rules that we tolerate the agencies to promulgate. I think it is a really important step in that direc-tion. Again, to summarize, the use of the Congressional Review Act to repeal a guidance is well established. It is con-sistent with any plain reading of the law. It is consistent with the intent of the authors at the time. Congress has attempted to do so in the past. Demo-crats have attempted to do it, and it is a modest but important step in restor-ing the accountability of Congress with respect to the regulations that we en-courage the executive branch to pro-mulgate. There is no evidence that this somehow opens a floodgate of repeal, as some have suggested. But any guid-ance—in fact any rulemaking, I think, ultimately should be subject to con-gressional review because, after all, it is our authority in the first place that is used to generate it. I am pleased that we were able to agree to the mo-tion to proceed yesterday. My under-standing is that we will be voting sometime around noon or so on this. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of repealing this ill-conceived regulation and restoring some modicum of con-gressional accountability to the rule-making process. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
REMEMBERING BARBARA BUSH  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I send my heartfelt condolences to the Bush family on the passing of former First Lady Barbara Bush. Simply put, Mrs. Bush was the personification of grace and class as First Lady and as a human being throughout her life. She will be missed by people on both sides of the aisle and by all Americans. FOREIGN POLICY  
Mr. President, let me begin with the issue of our Nation’s foreign policy. Over the weekend, the Ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley, went on na-tional television to announce a new round of sanctions against Russia for enabling the brutal Assad regime to commit chemical weapons attacks against its own people. Only 24 hours later, the White House reversed course, and senior administration officials blamed Nikki Haley for being ‘‘con-fused.’’ The word ‘‘confused’’ may, in fact, define this administration’s foreign policy. Does anyone at the White House talk to each other? Is there a co-ordinated strategy or is our foreign policy completely subject to the Presi-dent’s fleeting whims, changing as they do, day-to-day and moment-to-mo-ment, often being guided by what some commentator says on television? Un-fortunately, that is what it looks like from the outside, and it is going to put America and our interests abroad in danger. Predictability and consistency in for-eign policy are not boring. They are fundamental assets. It lets our allies know that we will support them, and it lets our adversaries know that they cannot get away with violating na-tional norms. The erratic nature of this administration’s foreign policy, exemplified by the abrupt reversal of Nikki Haley’s announcement, is some-thing all Americans should be worried about. All Americans should be concerned about President Trump’s disturbing de-cision to pull back from sanctioning Russia for its support of Assad and for its enabling of his use of chemical weapons in the wanton murder of his own people. This extends a sad pattern of inconsistency toward Russia’s ma-lign activities, both here in America and across the globe, when what is re-quired of this administration are more aggressive, comprehensive, and con-sistent policy actions that impose on Putin and his allies sufficient costs to change their behavior. A second foreign policy issue is the administration’s ongoing efforts to se-cure a diplomatic deal with North Korea. We all want diplomacy to suc-ceed with North Korea. My primary concern with the President and his ef-forts with respect to North Korea re-late to preparation and to discipline. We are all aware that the President makes decisions about sensitive issues without seeking—or in spite of—expert advice. Indeed, his decision to move forward with the North Korea summit was an example of this type of decision making. Yet, whether or not there is ever a time and place for this sort of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.003 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2230 April 18, 2018 
decision making, it is unquestionably the wrong way to approach a tense summit between two nuclear-armed ad-versaries. We should all root for a diplomatic solution to the decades-long North Ko-rean conflict because we know the costs of war on the Korean Peninsula would be catastrophic. That is why the United States should pursue a diplo-matic opening, including through di-rect diplomacy with Pyongyang. Yet, thus far, we have not seen any indica-tion that North Korea is willing to take concrete measures toward denuclearization. We have read this book before, and I am concerned that the administration, without its having a clear or coherent strategy, is buying a pile of magic beans at the cost of our allies and part-ners and our own security. As Sec-retary Gates once said, ‘‘I’m tired of buying the same horse twice.’’ There is a diplomatic pathway forward with North Korea. It is just not clear that President Trump is on it or would even know how to find it or stay on it. 
TRADE  
Mr. President, on another matter, trade, the President and I don’t agree on a whole lot, but on the issue of Chi-na’s rapacious trading policies, we see eye to eye. Presidents from both par-ties, in my estimation, have failed to act strongly enough against the threat posed by China. President Trump, un-like both Presidents Bush and Obama, is finally doing something about it. I remain disappointed, however, that the President passed up the opportunity, once again, to label China as a cur-rency manipulator. Nonetheless, yesterday, a really good thing happened. The FCC voted unani-mously to advance a measure to limit the ability of Chinese telecom compa-nies to sell in the United States—chief-ly Huawei and ZTE, two major Chinese telecom companies. Huawei and ZTE are both state-backed companies. Their effort to enter the American market is a great example of how China attempts to steal our private data and intellec-tual property. The FCC has said that allowing these two companies into the United States would pose a national se-curity threat because it would give state-backed Chinese companies ‘‘hid-den ‘back doors’ to our networks’’ that would allow them ‘‘to inject viruses and other malware, steal Americans’ private data, spy on U.S. businesses, and more.’’ Those are the FCC’s words. The United States is a world leader in high-tech manufacturing and devel-opment, so, naturally, China’s Govern-ment is going after that lucrative in-dustry and continues to try to steal its way to a competitive advantage. Every one of our top industries that employs millions of Americans in good-paying jobs and makes our economy the envy of the world is targeted by the Chinese. This one is no different. So I applaud the FCC’s decision and President Trump for pursuing a tough course of action against China and its rapacious trading policies. The Presi-dent is exactly right about China in that it seeks to take advantage of the United States in innumerable ways by undercutting our products, stealing our intellectual property, and denying American companies market access. I strongly encourage the FCC to finalize this measure, and I encourage Presi-dent Trump to stick with his tougher posture toward China. LEGISLATION BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. President, finally, a note about floor action this week. The Repub-licans are pushing, in succession, legis-lation that hurts labor rights and working people, consumers, the envi-ronment, and communities of color. President Trump, during his campaign, would often wonder aloud about what these folks had to lose by voting for him. Now we know. The Republican majority seems in-tent on putting forward heavily par-tisan bills that have no chance of pass-ing or have little practical impact but are simply designed to be divisive. That is not going to get us anywhere, and it is turning the Senate, which all of us want to be a deliberative, bipar-tisan body, into a bit of a farce this week—no debate, no amendments. So I suggest to my colleagues on the other side: Let’s get back to pursuing bipartisan accomplishments that actu-ally advance the interests of the Amer-ican worker, the American consumer, and the middle class. After all, that is what we were elected to do. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, thank you very much. I come to the floor again today to visit a moment about S.J. Res. 57. It disapproves the CFPB guidance on in-direct auto lending. This is a piece of legislation I introduced, and I appre-ciate the strong and valuable assist-ance I have had from the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. T
OOMEY , and cer-tainly the chairman of the Banking Committee, the Senator from Idaho, and other colleagues. I want to talk just a moment about process, the use of a CRA, and the fact that the CFPB utilized what they called guidance as compared to a rule-making process. I want to make certain that my col-leagues understand that Agencies and Departments still would be encouraged to put out guidance to ensure appro-priate compliance with the law. This CRA resolution ought not have a chilling effect on guidance because guidance is a useful tool. It can be helpful to those who are being regu-lated, but it needs to be issued for tra-ditional purposes—guidelines for com-plying with Federal law. One of the CFPB’s errors in issuing this guidance in this instance was that they proceeded down the path of an ag-gressive enforcement action in search of market-tipping settlements. If en-forcement action is desired on the part of the agency, then a full rulemaking process ought to be conducted, and that is what the CFPB did not do. The CFPB used the guidance as an enforce-ment weapon instead of guidance in its more traditional and helpful purpose. It is important that we in Congress re-orient the guidance process back to its intended form by ensuring that the CFPB cannot replicate its mistakes with regard to indirect auto lending. The authors of the Congressional Re-view Act that we are operating under on this resolution, Senators Nickles, Reid, and Stevens, in the CONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD of April 1996, said: ‘‘The authors are concerned that some agen-cies have attempted to circumvent no-tice-and-comment requirements by trying to give legal effect to general statements of policy, ‘guidelines,’ and agency policy and procedure manuals.’’ Even in 1996, my previous colleagues were concerned about what actually transpired at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Clearly, the CRA was passed in 1996 with the under-standing that agency guidance had been used inappropriately. It is important for Congress to re-assert its role in policymaking from the executive branch. All Members of Congress ought to be committed to conducting oversight over the rest of the Federal Government. Failure on the part of Congress to hold Federal agencies to account when they stray from their statutory and congression-ally intended jurisdiction means we will get de facto legislation being origi-nated in the executive branch. This ef-fort is about making certain that the form and function of the Federal Gov-ernment is accountable to the Amer-ican people. Kansans hold me to account for the actions I take in Washington, DC, on their behalf. In turn, they expect me to hold other components of their govern-ment to account. Congress is the link between the American people and the Federal Government. I will continue to use the position that Kansans have en-trusted to me to make certain I am representing their interest in Wash-ington, DC, and can do so only by working with my Senate colleagues to oversee and correct mistakes made by other branches of the government. Today, we will do that with the adop-tion of S.J. Res. 57. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Alaska. 
REMEMBERING BARBARA BUSH  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I want to say a few words—I know a number of my colleagues have—before I start my discussion on the very im-portant Coast Guard bill we are debat-ing on the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.005 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2231 April 18, 2018 
America lost a wonderful example of a strong woman, Mrs. Barbara Bush, yesterday. I think the entire country and I know the whole Senate sends its prayers and condolences to the Bush family. If you want an example of an Amer-ican citizen who represents strength, dignity, and class, and who really served our Nation so well, it was Bar-bara Bush. The thoughts and prayers of the Senate are with the Bush family right now. 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. President, as the Presiding Offi-cer who sits on the Armed Services Committee with me knows, each year this body, the Congress—House and Senate—passes the Defense Authoriza-tion Act or the NDAA as it is called. It is an important bill. It moves forward the policies and authorizations of spending for the men and women serv-ing in the military. It can be conten-tious, but at the end of the day for over a half century we have moved that bill forward each year. We always forget one of the branches of the U.S. military—the men and women who serve in the Coast Guard of the United States of America. We don’t always move the Coast Guard Author-ization Act forward. That is not be-cause they are not as important as the other Members of the military. In some ways, it is just a twist of the organiza-tion here in Congress. The Coast Guard is under the jurisdiction of the Com-merce Committee not the Armed Serv-ices Committee and is under the execu-tive branch jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, not the Pentagon. It is still an incredibly im-portant organization for all of us, and so today we are going to vote on the Coast Guard Authorization Act, that we should be moving every year just like we move the NDAA because the men and women who serve in the Coast Guard are some of America’s finest citizens. I see my colleague from Mississippi, Senator W
ICKER , joining me on the floor. We have been working on this bill, the Coast Guard Authorization Act, for about 1 year now. We faced a lot of roadblocks, and we have moved forward on a bipartisan basis to finally get this important bill to the floor. As the chairman of the subcommittee in charge of the Coast Guard, I feel it is very important to take a minute on the Senate floor to speak about what the men and women in our Coast Guard do on a daily basis so everybody, the people watching back home and the people in my State, the great State of Alaska, know just how important the Coast Guard is and how we are focusing on them. Many people in the country know the Coast Guard as the heroic Americans who literally come out of the sky to rescue us when we are in trouble, par-ticularly on the high seas. I have heard them described as angels in helicopters with courage and dignity and strength. When they show up, it is certainly America witnessing its very best. Let me give just a few examples of what the Coast Guard does on a daily basis—certainly in my State. Here are a few examples from just the past few weeks: In Oregon, a Coast Guard aircrew res-cued four commercial fishermen after their 54-foot fishing vessel capsized off the coast of Rockaway Beach. In Kauai, HI, the Coast Guard is as-sisting in recovery efforts following a storm dropping more than 27 inches of rain, causing severe flooding. On Sunday, the Coast Guard rescued four people from the water in Blackwater Sound near Key Largo, FL, and they rescued eight people aboard a disabled vessel just a few days ago near Pensacola Bay Bridge, FL. In New York, the Coast Guard crew just medevacked a 25-year-old man from a fishing vessel. In my great State of Alaska, the Coast Guard is vital. Alaska has more coastline than the rest of the country combined. Think about that. Just in the past few weeks, there have been nu-merous rescues, as there typically are in Alaska given our tough weather, in-cluding a 44-year-old man from a fish-ing vessel outside of Dutch Harbor, a 59-year-old man from the waters off the Aleutian chain, and another 43-year-old man who was stranded on the barrier islands—just in the last couple of weeks. Every one of these individuals— Americans—is alive today because of the Coast Guard. They are someone’s father, brother, mother, daughter. They are someone’s loved ones, and the men and women of the U.S. Coast Guard had the courage to go out and rescue them. All in all, in addition to numerous humanitarian and law enforcement op-erations, including drug interdictions and coming to the rescue of hundreds of migrants who were on overcrowded and unsafe vessels, the Coast Guard is working 24/7 for us, 365 days a year. Their mission also includes icebreaking, marine and environmental protection, port security, international crisis response—the response to hurri-canes that so many Americans saw over the last several months—and read-iness to support Department of Defense operations, as they are the fifth branch of the U.S. military. Sometimes we for-get that. So this bill that we are debating right now and that we are going to be voting on in a little bit here on the Senate floor is the bill that sets the policies, the spending authorization, and the readiness standards for the en-tire U.S. Coast Guard. It is enormously important, and I believe it should pass in a bipartisan way—the way it passed out of the Commerce Committee—with a strong vote from Senators, Repub-licans and Democrats, on both sides of the aisle. The Coast Guard Authorization Act also contains many important items for our fishermen, fisheries, maritime industries, maritime unions, and mari-time workers. Let me give some impor-tant examples. Included in this legislation is lan-guage to permanently fix issues that have plagued our fishermen and our commercial vessel owners and opera-tors in the maritime industry and the workers in that industry for decades. We have an opportunity here to make good policy—again, bipartisan policy— that we have been debating for years in the Congress. Currently, our fishing fleets and ves-sel owners and operators are forced to comply with a patchwork of burden-some Federal and State regulations for ballast water and incidental dis-charges. Let me start by talking about the in-cidental discharges. If you are a com-mercial fisherman on a vessel and you catch some fish and you want to hose off your deck because you have fish parts where you may have gutted and headed fish—let’s face it, the fishing industry can be a bit messy—under current law, believe it or not, you have to get permission from the EPA to do this. You need a permit, and if you don’t have one, you can face a fine. OK, think about that. You have taken a fish out of the water. You have proc-essed it. You are hosing down your deck. It has some fish guts on it. For the fish parts to go back into the ocean, you need a permit. Yes, every-body in the country thinks this is ri-diculous, and it is. It creates inefficien-cies, adds business costs, inhibits eco-nomic prosperity in States like mine, certainly, and it kills jobs. Most fishermen—most fishing ves-sels—are small business owners. They are the ultimate small business own-ers. They take risks. They work hard. They create and produce a great prod-uct, such as wild Alaska salmon. Yet we are regulating them with these kinds of inefficient regulations that nobody supports. It is just another bur-den that we put on the men and women who are actually trying to make a liv-ing and create economic opportunities for others. So this bill, which has strong bipartisan support, does away with that because it makes no sense. Another provision in this bill tries to cut through a patchwork of burden-some State regulations for vessel bal-last water. Currently, ballast water is regulated under both the Coast Guard and the EPA—dual regulations. That is trouble enough. They each have sepa-rate and inconsistent and sometimes directly conflicting sets of Federal re-quirements, and then you layer on State requirements too. Let me give an example. You are a commercial vessel owner/operator going up the full length of the Mis-sissippi River. Right now, not only must you comply with the inconsistent Coast Guard and EPA requirements, but you also have to comply with dif-ferent and separate requirements from Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas. Again, it makes no sense. There are 25 States regulating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.006 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2232 April 18, 2018 
ballast water under separate, incon-sistent, and often directly conflicting sets of requirements. This cripples not only the American economy but also the hard-working men and women of our country who work in the maritime industry. By the way, it makes it more likely that invasive species—a very real and serious issue—will accidentally be in-troduced because there is such a con-flicting patchwork of regulations. I am very aware of the invasive species issues that plague different States. There are a lot of concerns we have heard, and certainly we have addressed it in this bill—from the Great Lakes. If the current patchwork system worked, well, I think a number of us would be supportive, but it simply doesn’t work. It is not working at all, and it is only getting worse. This con-fusing array of requirements will only continue to grow, confusing vessel owners and operators and their work-ers and making it literally almost im-possible to comply. The EPA says one thing, the Coast Guard says another thing, and 25 different States say 25 dif-ferent other things. One person who knows this issue very well is the current Commandant of the Coast Guard, Admiral Zukunft. Just yesterday, he told the House Appro-priations Committee that ‘‘it makes sense to have one entity’’ regulating vessels—at very high standards but one entity. ‘‘I really put myself in the shoes of a mariner,’’ he said, talking about how difficult it is with the cur-rent system. ‘‘Competing entities doing the enforcement operations’’ is not working. He said that the Coast Guard understands the issue best, understands the mariners, and also, importantly, understands the technology. Even the EPA has said that the rules developed by the Coast Guard, which knows this issue best, will work for them because our bill requires concur-rence with the EPA. Under the legisla-tion that we are debating right now in the Senate, you cannot set a standard unless the EPA concurs, which is im-portant. They essentially have a veto over this, but they know that the Agency that is best suited to regulate moving vessels on the water is not their Agency—the professional staff of the EPA have said that—it is the Coast Guard, which is where we put the regu-latory authority in this bill. Further, under the bill, States have the authority to enforce the Federal regulations regarding ballast water and incidental discharge. So the States still have a lot of power and authority on the enforcement side in this bill. This confusing patchwork of regula-tions only diminishes the overall effec-tiveness of U.S. efforts to meet the high environmental standards that we all want. We need strong, uniform, na-tional standards to keep our waters clean and to defend against invasive species, and we also need these stand-ards so the workers and the people in this industry—a huge industry for America—can go and do their job. The good news here is that we have been working on this issue for at least the past 3 years that I have been in the Senate, but we have really been work-ing on it for decades. For the most part, we have had strong bipartisan support to get this bill done. Let me give some examples. There are 23 Members from both sides of the aisle who have cosponsored these vessel incidental discharge provisions that I am talking about—23 cosponsors. Many more signed on to a letter of sup-port for this, Democrats and Repub-licans. This bill has been voted out of com-mittee several times. It has strong bi-partisan support—including when the Democrats were in control of the Sen-ate a couple years ago. We all worked diligently to make sure we addressed all the issues and concerns raised by many Members, and we even got some longtime opponents to come over and support this bill, again through the great work of my colleague from Mis-sissippi. Let me give another example of that. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter of support from a very broad- based group of unions, workers, small businesses, maritime operators, and fishermen. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
APRIL 16, 2018. D
EARSENATOR : We are writing to express our strong support for Title VIII of S. 1129, the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017, the bipartisan Vessel Incidental Discharge Act (VIDA). Our organizations represent U.S. and international vessel owners and opera-tors; fishing vessel, passenger vessel and charterboat operators; labor unions; marine terminals and port authorities national busi-ness organizations; and industries that rely on maritime shipping to transport essential cargoes in domestic and international com-merce. VIDA is the product of bipartisan leader-ship and negotiation to construct a frame-work that will protect our waterways, foster efficient and cost-effective maritime com-merce, and maintain appropriate roles for the Coast Guard, EPA and states. It is imper-ative that this legislation be enacted with-out further delay. We respectfully urge you to support the motion to proceed, cloture and final passage of S.1129. VIDA, which currently has 24 bipartisan Senate cosponsors and 37 bipartisan House cosponsors, would eliminate a regulatory burden hindering interstate and inter-national commerce by replacing a patchwork of federal and state regulations with uniform national standards for the regulation of bal-last water and other discharges incidental to normal vessel operations. The bill would also maintain protective measures jointly under-taken by industry and federal agencies to re-duce the movement of invasive species on the navigable waterways. Without VIDA, commercial vessel owners will spend millions of dollars installing on-board equipment to comply with Coast Guard and EPA requirements, but still be at risk of fines and penalties for violating state requirements that cannot be met by existing technology. This overlapping patchwork of federal and state regulations kills jobs, un-dermines the efficiency of maritime trans-portation, increases business costs, and places mariners at risk of civil and criminal prosecution. It also delays investments in treatment technology that will strengthen environmental protection. VIDA would provide vessel owners and mariners with a predictable and transparent regulatory structure in which vessel inci-dental discharges are regulated and enforced by the U.S. Coast Guard, using as its base-line the ballast water discharge standard that EPA’s Science Advisory Board has de-termined to be the most stringent currently achievable. The bill will ensure the installa-tion of high-performing technologies on com-mercial vessels, and allows for improvements in the national standard as technology im-proves. VIDA also preserves the ability of states to enforce the federal ballast water discharge standard, petition for a higher standard, work with Coast Guard to develop best management practices, and regulate recreational vessels operating in their waters. VIDA will also permanently exempt fishing vessels and vessels under 79 feet from EPA’s National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System permit program. These vessels have been operating under a series of temporary exemptions enacted by Congress. Permanent relief is needed for the operators of these vessels, as long-term regulatory certainty is needed for the operators of large commercial vessels. VIDA will strengthen protections for America’s waterways, provide a stable regu-latory structure for interstate and inter-national maritime commerce, and eliminate needlessly duplicative regulatory programs. Please support passage of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2017. Respectfully, ADM; AccuTrans, Inc.; AEP River Trans-portation; AK Steel; Alabama Charter Fish-ing Association; Albany Port District Com-mission; Alaska Charter Association; Amer-ican Association of Port Authorities; Amer-ican Commercial Barge Line LLC; American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers; Amer-ican Great Lakes Ports Association; Amer-ican Institute of Marine Underwriters (AIMU); American Iron and Steel Institute; American Maritime Congress; American Maritime Officers; American Maritime Offi-cers Service; American Petroleum Institute; American Petroleum Tankers; American President Lines, LLC; American River Transportation Company. American Roll-on Roll-off Carrier (ARC); American Steamship Company; American Tunaboat Association; Amherst Madison, Inc.; Andrie Inc.; ArcelorMittal USA; Arm-strong Steamship Company; Associac ¸ao E6 de Armadores da Marinha do Come´rcio; Atlan- tic Intracoastal Waterway Association; At- sea Processors Association; Avalon Freight Services; Bahamas Shipowners Association; Bay Shipbuilding Company; Baydelta Mari-time; Bay-Houston Towing Company; Beach Haven Charter Fishing Association; Bell Steamship Company; Benchmark Marine Agency; Blessey Marine Services, Inc.; Bor-ghese Lane LLC. Bren Transportation Corp.; Brown Water Marine Service, Inc.; Buffalo Marine Service, Inc.; C & J Marine Services, Inc.; C&M Ship-ping & Trading Agency, Inc.; Callais & Sons, LLC; Calumet River Fleeting, Inc.; Campbell Transportation Company, Inc.; Canal Barge Company, Inc.; Canfornav Ltd.; Cape Cod Charter Boat Association; Carmeuse Lime and Stone; Central Boat Rentals, Inc.; Cen-tral Dock Company; Central Marine Logis-tics; CGBM 100, LLC; Chamber of Marine Commerce; Chamber of Shipping (Canada); Chamber of Shipping of America; Channel Design Group. Charterboat Association of Puget Sound; Chesapeake Bay Charter Boat Association; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.008 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2233 April 18, 2018 
Chicago & Western Great Lakes Port Coun-cil, MTD, AFL-CIO; Chicago Sportfishing As-sociation; Chincoteague Island Charterboat Association; City of Superior, Wisconsin; Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority; Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.; CN, Duluth, MN; ConocoPhillips; Consumer Energy; Con-sumer Energy Alliance—Midwest; C-PORT, Conference of Professional Operators for Re-sponse Towing; Crounse Corporation; Crow-ley Maritime Corporation; Cruise Lines International Association; CSX Transpor-tation, Toledo Docks; Cyprus Shipping Chamber; D & S Marine Service, L.L.C.; Dan-iels Shipping Service. Dann Marine Towing, LC; Dann Ocean Towing, Inc.; Deale Captains Association; Deloach Marine Services; Detroit-Wayne County Port Authority; Devall Brothers Barge Line II, LLC; Devall Brothers Towing II, LLC; Devall Commercial Barge Line, LLC; Devall Diesel Services, LLC; Devall En-terprises, LLC; Devall Offshore Barge Line, LLC; Devall Offshore, LLC; Devall Re-sources, Inc.; Devall Third Generation Tow-ing, LLC; Devall Towing & Boat Service of Hackberry, L.L.C.; Dock 63; Donjon Marine Co., Inc.; Donjon Shipbuilding & Repair; Dredging Contractors of America; DTE Elec-tric Co. Duluth Seaway Port Authority; Durocher Marine; E Squared Marine Service, LLC; E.N. Bisso & Son, Inc.; Eastern Lake Erie Charterboat Association; Edw. C. Levy Co.; Ergon Marine and Industrial Supply; Erie- Western Pennsylvania Port Authority; Euro-pean Community Shipowners’ Associations; Evansville Marine Service, Inc.; Faroese Merchant Shipowners Association; Faulkner, Hoffman & Phillips; Fednav Ltd.; Fishing Vessel Owner’s Association; Florida Guides Association, Inc.; Foss Maritime Company; Fraser Shipyards; General Marine Services LLC; Genesee Charter Association, Inc.; Global Marine Transportation, Inc.; Golden Gate Fishermen’s Association. Golding Barge Line, Inc.; Grand River Navigation Company; Great Lakes District Council-ILA, AFL-CIO; Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company, LLC; Great Lakes Fleet; Great Lakes Maritime Task Force; Greater Point Pleasant Charter Boat Association; Gulf Intracoastal Canal Association; Hackberry Land, LLC; Hallett Dock Com-pany; Harbor Towing & Fleeting, LLC; Har-ley Marine Services; Hawaii Resource Group LLC; Higman Marine Services, Inc.; Homer Charter Association; Hong Kong Shipowners Association; Hughes Bros., Inc.; Huntington District Waterways Association; ILA Lake Erie Coal & Ore Dock Council; ILA Local 1317. ILA Local 1768; Illinois Chamber of Com-merce; Illinois International Port District; Illinois Marine Towing, Inc.; Ilwaco Charter Association; Indian National Shipowners’ Association; Indiana’s North Coast Charter Association; Ingram Barge Company; Inland Lakes Management; Inland Marine Service; Int’l Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers District Lodge 1943; Int’l Associa-tion of Machinists & Aerospace Workers Dis-trict Lodge 4; Int’l Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers District Lodge 60; Int’l Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers District Lodge 65; Int’l Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers District Lodge 98; Integrity—Black Lake Fleeting Services, LLC; Integrity Terminal and Ma-rine Services, LLC; International Associa-tion of Drilling Contractors; International Association of Machinists & Aerospace Workers; International Brotherhood of Boil-ermakers. International Chamber of Shipping; Inter-national Longshoremen’s Association; Inter-national Organization of Masters, Mates & Pilots; International Propeller Club of the United States; International Shipmasters’ Association; International Shipmasters’ As-sociation (St. Catharines ON); International Union of Operating Engineers, Locals 49, 139, 150 and 324; InterShip, Inc.; INTERTANKO; Irish Chamber of Shipping; J&J Maritime Operators, LLC; Jacksonville Marine Trans-portation Exchange; James Transportation, LLC; JANTRAN, Inc.; Japanese Shipowners’ Association; JB Marine Service, Inc.; JEFFBOAT LLC; Juneau Charter Boat Oper-ators Association; K&L Gates LLP; Kindra Lake Towing, LP. Kirby Corp.; Lake Carriers’ Association; Lake Erie Ship Repair & Fabrication; Lake Michigan Carferry Service; Lake Michigan Yachting Association; Lakes Pilots Associa-tion; LeBeouf Bros. Towing, LLC; Liberian Shipowners’ Council Ltd; Liberty Maritime Corporation; Lorain Port Authority; Lou-isiana Association of Waterways Operators and Shipyards; Luedtke Engineering Com-pany; M&P Barge Company, Inc.; Maersk, Inc.; Magnolia Marine Transport Co.; Maine Association of Charter Captains; Manatee County Port Authority; Marco Island Char-ter Captains Association; Marine Engineers’ Beneficial Association; Marine Tech. Maritime Association of the Port of New York-New Jersey; Maritime Institute for Re-search and Industrial Development; Mari-time Port Council of Greater NY/NJ & Vicin-ity; Maritime Trades Department, AFL–CIO; Marquette Transportation Company, Inc.; Maryland Charterboat Association; Mary-land Port Administration; McAllister Tow-ing; MCM Marine; Metal Trades Department, AFL–CIO; Michigan City Charterboat Asso-ciation; Michigan Maritime Trades Port Council, MTD, AFL–CIO; Midwater Trawlers Cooperative; Midwest Energy Resources Company; Mississippi Charter Boat Captains Association; Montana Coal Council; Moran Iron Works; Moran Towing Corporation; Muskegon Port Advisory Committee; Na-tional Association of Charterboat Operators. National Association of Manufacturers; National Association of Maritime Organiza-tions; National Association of Waterfront Employers; National Grain and Feed Asso-ciation; National Mining Association; Navy League of the United States; New York Ship-ping Association; Norfolk Southern Corpora-tion; Norfolk Tug Company; North Pacific Fishing Vessel Owners Association; North-east Charterboat Captains Association; Northern Neck Charter Captains; Northwest Marine Trades Association; Octopus Towing LLC; Ogdensburg Bridge and Port Authority; Osborne Concrete & Stone Co.; Overseas Shipholding Group (OSG); P&M Marine Serv-ices LLC; P&R Water Taxi LLC; Panama City Boatmen Association. Parker Towing Company, Inc.; Passenger Vessel Association; Pere Marquette Shipping Company; Petersburg Charterboat Associa-tion; Philadelphia Regional Port Authority; Polsteam USA Inc.; Port City Marine Serv-ices, Inc.; Port City Steamship Holding Com-pany, Inc.; Port of Green Bay; Port of Mil-waukee; Port of Monroe, Michigan; Port of Oswego Authority; Ports of Indiana; Prince William Sound Charter Boat Association; Progressive Barge Line, Inc.; Rod ‘N’ Reel Captains Assoc. Inc.; Ryba Marine Construc-tion Company; Saltchuk; Sause Bros.; SCF Marine Inc. Seabulk Towing; Seafarers International Union; Shipping Federation of Canada; Singapore Shipping Association; Solomon’s Charter Captains Association; Soo Marine Supply, Inc.; Southeast Alaska Guides Orga-nization; Southern Offshore Fishing Associa-tion; Southern Towing Company; Spanish Shipowners’ Association; Spliethoff; St. Lawrence Seaway Pilots Association; Steel Manufacturers Association; Tata Steel; Ten Mile Exchange LLC; Terral River Service, Inc.; Texas Waterways Operators Associa-tion; The American Waterways Operators; The CSL Group Inc.; The Interlake Steam-ship Company. The King Co.; The Port of New Orleans; The Royal Association of Netherlands Ship-owners; The Upper Bay Charter Captains As-sociation; The Vane Brothers Company; Tidewater Barge Lines, Inc.; Toledo-Lucas County Port Authority; Toledo Port Council, MTD, AFL–CIO; TPG Chicago Dry Dock; TradeWinds Towing LLC; Transportation In-stitute; Trojan Technologies Inc.; Turn Serv-ices, LLC; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; U.S. Steel Corporation; UK Chamber of Shipping; Union of Greek Shipowners; United Boatmen of New Jersey; United States Great Lakes Shipping Association; United Steelworkers, District 1, AFL–CIO–CLC. United Steelworkers, Local 5000; Upper Mississippi Waterway Association; Upper River Services, LLC; VanEnkevort Tug & Barge Inc.; Verplank Dock Co.; Victoria Fleet, LLC; Virginia Charter Boat Associa-tion; Virginia Maritime Association; Wagenborg Shipping North America; Water Quality Insurance Syndicate; Waukegan Charter Boat Association; Wepfer Marine Inc; West Dock and Market—Port of Mus-kegon; WESTAR Marine Services; Western Great Lakes Pilots Association, LLP; West-ern States Petroleum Association; Westport Charter Boat Association; Wilmington Tug, Inc.; Wood Towing, LLC; World Shipping Council; and World Shipping Inc. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I won’t go into it. I have seen a lot of these kinds of letters supporting legis-lation, but I have rarely seen a letter that is pages and pages long—steel-workers, International Union of Oper-ating Engineers, Juneau Charter Boat Operators Association, International Association of Machinists and Aero-space Workers, Eastern Lake Erie Charterboat Association. This letter supporting the Coast Guard bill has many different groups supporting it, and that is why there has been so much strong bipartisan support. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I wonder if my colleague will yield on that point. Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I will be glad to yield. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the Senator from Alaska men-tioning the broad base of support, and it occurs to me that this legislation has garnered the support of the cham-ber of commerce and organized labor. Mr. SULLIVAN. That is correct. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, in an ef-fort not to take up too much time, the Senator from Alaska didn’t mention that the International Brotherhood of Boilermakers is for this bill. The Inter-national Longshoremen’s Association is for this bill. We have crafted some-thing—with the help of Democrats and the help of Republicans, with the help of labor and business—that has brought these people together to help us pro-tect American maritime jobs. I want to commend the Senator from Alaska also for the work he has done in accommodating people. I ask my friend, am I correct that this is not the first version we had of this bill? Mr. SULLIVAN. That is correct. We actually made literally dozens of changes over the last several months 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.005 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2234 April 18, 2018 
to accommodate almost every single Senator that had requested a change to address some of their issues. We have made numerous changes to this bill, for Republicans and Democrats, to make sure we have strong bipartisan support, and we are certainly hoping that the changes we made for so many Senators who have been supportive of the bill will now lead a strong bipartisan vote here in a little bit. Mr. WICKER. I am not going to ask my colleague to yield all of his time to me, but I would just observe this to my friends on both sides of the aisle. This is the kind of bipartisan legislative ef-fort on the part of my colleague from Alaska that ought to be rewarded. A Member of the minority party has come to him expressing concerns, and those concerns have largely been met at every pass. It is not like we are try-ing to jam something on the part of the business community or the far right. I just have to say to my colleague from Alaska that he has done a heroic effort. We need a couple of more votes from people who have, at one time or an-other, expressed strong support for this legislation. Mr. SULLIVAN. They have not only expressed strong support but have co-sponsored this legislation. Mr. WICKER. We really should send a signal to the American people that we trust each other, that we appreciate somebody like the Senator from Alas-ka who has bent over backward to make this work for America, to make this work for labor, to make this work for the waterway operators, and to make this work for the environment. I think this will enhance the environ-mental system in our waterways all over the country. I thank the Senator for yielding time. Once again, I just have to say how much I admire the statesmanship of this relatively junior Senator from Alaska in working across the aisle and making this a bill that we ought to all be proud of. I thank the Senator for yielding. Mr. SULLIVAN. I thank the Senator from Mississippi for his very kind words. This has been a team effort. We have been working together. Demo-crats have been working with us. My colleagues from Florida, from Pennsyl-vania—we have all been down here talking about this. I know there are going to be strong votes in favor. I do want to mention that the minor-ity leader was just on the floor, and he ended his remarks that he just made a couple of minutes ago about how it is really important for the Senate to get back to bipartisan accomplishments that help the American worker. He just said that. Well, my colleague from New York, I couldn’t agree more. That is what this bill is. I am going to mention one other thing before I actually do my presiding time. I appreciate the Presiding Officer giving me a few additional minutes be-fore I get in the Chair. We have been dealing with this issue. Some have raised the issue that they are concerned about what the vessel in-cidental discharge provisions in this bill that I just talked about could do to the environment. I am from the great State of Alaska. We have the most pristine, beautiful environment in the world, and the cleanest water in the world. We want to keep it that way. I am all about that. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this document be submitted in the R
ECORD called ‘‘The Vessel Inci-dental Discharge Act: Good for the En-vironment—Good for Business.’’ There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEVESSEL INCIDENTAL DISCHARGE ACT: G
OOD FOR THE ENVIRONMENT —GOOD FOR  B
USINESS  The Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, or ‘‘VIDA,’’ would require the Coast Guard and the EPA to establish uniform, national standards for the treatment and manage-ment of ballast water and other discharges incidental to the normal operation of ves-sels. Treatment of ballast water is an impor-tant safeguard against the introduction of aquatic invasive species. The bill would es-tablish an initial ballast water treatment standard equivalent to the Coast Guard and EPA’s current standards—the most stringent standard current technology can achieve. For incidental discharges other than ballast water (such as deck runoff, anchor effluent, etc), the bill would require the establish-ment of best management practices within two years of the date of enactment of the Act. 
MYTHS VERSUS FACTS  Myth #1: The bill lowers the environ-mental standards for ballast water. FACT: The new standards and require-ments would be required to be based upon the best available technology economically achievable (BATEA), and would ramp up over time as new, more advanced technology becomes available. Specifically, the bill in-corporates the Clean Water Act’s BATEA regulatory regime to establish its uniform standards and revise them to be more strin-gent over time. Myth #2: The current regulatory regime works. FACT: Today, the Coast Guard, EPA, and 25 states are regulating ballast water under separate, inconsistent, and sometimes di-rectly conflicting sets of requirements. This not only cripples the American economy, but also makes it more likely that invasive spe-cies will accidentally be introduced. Myth #3: The EPA has the expertise to en-force ballast water standards. FACT: The Coast Guard is the United States’ premier maritime law enforcement service. It currently enforces ballast water standards through vessel inspections, not the EPA. However, the service cannot do a thor-ough and robust job because of the current patchwork and contradictory regulatory re-gime. This bill gives the Coast Guard the clarity and authority it needs to do a good job. Myth #4: There is no science behind the new national standards. FACT: This bill sets a current federal bal-last water discharge standard, which the EPA’s Science Advisory Board deemed the most stringent currently achievable. More-over, when ramping up those standards, the Coast Guard, in consultation with the EPA, will set the new standard based on sound science and the best available technology economically achievable. Myth #5: The bill undermines a States’ ability to regulate ballast water. FACT: The bill ensures that States will be able to enforce Federal requirements and, importantly, that States will be able to set future standards and best practices though an exhaustive petitioning process. As an example, both the Coast Guard and EPA require a ballast water management system (BWMS) aboard a vessel covered by their regulations. On the one hand, the Coast Guard’s regulations generally require that a BWMS be type-approved by the Coast Guard. In the case of a manufacturer whose BWMS has been approved by a foreign regulatory authority pursuant to Convention standards, that manufacturer may request a Coast Guard determination that its BWMS quali-fies as an Alternate Management System (AMS). On the other hand, the EPA’s Vessel General Permit (VGP) requires only that a BWMS ‘‘has been shown to be effective by testing conducted by an independent third party laboratory, test facility or test organi-zation.’’ Although a BWMS approved by the Coast Guard is deemed by the VGP to com-ply with its effectiveness requirement, a BWMS may also be tested and found effec-tive under the VGP by another ‘‘laboratory, test facility, or test organization,’’ even though it has not been approved by the Coast Guard. Thus a BWMS could end up being in-stalled on a vessel in compliance with the VGP, yet not comply with Coast Guard regu-lations. On top of this duplicative, inconsistent, and confusing Federal regime, subjecting vessels to NPDES has opened the door for States to establish their own varying stand-ards and requirements for vessel discharges. California, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Or-egon, and Washington are among those that already have promulgated their own ballast water management requirements that also apply to commercial vessels navigating in State waters. In 2006, the State of California enacted a ballast water treatment standard at the recommendation of the California State Lands Commission (CSLC) that re-quires less than 0.01 living organisms meas-uring between 10 and 50 micrometers per mil-liliter of ballast water discharged (1000 times the IMO D–2 standard) and requires zero de-tectable living organisms greater than 50 mi-crometers per milliliter of ballast water dis-charged. However, the State has continued to delay implementation of its requirement that vessel owner/operators install BWMS that meet these standards because no BWMS are available that meet California’s treat-ment standards. In the CSLC staff’s words: More specifically, shipboard ballast water treatment systems cannot be considered available to meet the California performance standards because: 1) no ballast water treat-ment system has demonstrated efficacy for all of the California performance standards based on the best available data, 2) there are no suitable methods/technology to analyze ballast water samples to determine treat-ment system efficacy for some of the Cali-fornia performance standards, and 3) a lack of sampling/compliance protocols precludes the ability of the Commission to make a con-clusive determination about the availability of shipboard ballast water treatment sys-tems to meet the California performance standards. In all, 25 States have certified the VGP subject to additional requirements The com-pliance challenges posed by this situation are staggering. As an example, a commercial vessel owner/operator transiting the full length of the Mississippi River is required to comply not only with applicable Coast Guard requirements under NANPCA/NISA and the EPA’s VGP requirements, but also with varying additional VGP permit requirements imposed by the States of Minnesota, Wis-consin, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, and Arkan-sas. This confusing array of requirements 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.010 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2235 April 18, 2018 
will only continue to grow, confusing vessel owner/operators seeking in good faith to comply, confounding law enforcement au-thorities, unnecessarily impeding maritime commerce, and, most importantly, dimin-ishing the overall effectiveness of U.S. ef-forts to combat aquatic invasive species. Strong, uniform national standards are nec-essary to effectively defend against invasive species brought to the United States in bal-last water. The Vessel Incidental Discharge Act would require the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating (Secretary), in consultation with the Administrator of the EPA (Administrator), to establish and implement enforceable, uni-form, national standards and requirements for the regulation of ballast water discharges and other discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of vessels. The new standards and requirements would be required to be based upon the best available technology economically achievable, and would gen-erally supersede the current jumble of Fed-eral and State incidental discharge require-ments. However, States would retain author-ity to enforce the new requirements in their waters.—Minority Staff, Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. This document has myths versus facts on what people are saying that this bill could do, and then it gives you the facts. I am not going to read each one, but if we have to have a debate on it, I certainly will read each one. It is really important to see this wasn’t created by Senator W
ICKER  or me. If you look at the author of this, it was the Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation— our committee—written by the minor-ity staff. What does that mean? This is a Democratic staff under the minority and the Ranking Member on the committee saying that all the things you are hearing about how this is going to be bad are not true. Those are myths. These are the facts. These are our Democratic colleagues rebut-ting some of the people now looking to maybe not vote for this. I ask all of my colleagues who are on the fence to take a look at this really well-produced myths-versus-facts sheet that was produced by our Democratic colleagues on the Commerce Com-mittee because, again, it goes to what Senator W
ICKER was talking about— that this is a very strong bipartisan bill that we have been working on for months or really years. This has passed out of committee, I think, six different times with strong bipartisan support, including when the Democrats were chairing the committee. I want to say to all of my colleagues that it is not just what is in this bill on the VIDA provision, or the discharge provision. The bill is about the Coast Guard, the men and women serving in the Coast Guard. Every year, as I men-tioned, we pass the NDAA, which is great—Army, Navy, Air Force, Ma-rines—but we always forget about the Coast Guard, and we shouldn’t be doing that. They are heroic young men and women. We can send a bipartisan signal today that we care about them. We are recognizing the heroic work you do for this country and the lives you save every day. We have your back. I urge all of my colleagues, particu-larly my colleagues who know this issue, who have voted for this bill to come out of committee many times— there are well over 60 of us—to vote yes on this important bill when it comes to the floor in a few minutes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise today with my colleagues in advance of today’s Congressional Review Act vote. I want to be clear about something. We are here today for a CRA vote, or a Congressional Review Act vote, that is on agency guidance—not a rule but an agency guidance from 2013—that seeks to protect consumers from discrimina-tion. CRAs are rule rollbacks. They are rolling back rules. They are not, though, meant to apply to years-old guidance from Federal agencies. Today’s vote is actually a radical de-parture of longstanding norms and statutory interpretation that will change the scope of the Congressional Review Act. What, then, could possibly be so important and so urgent that today we would break from long-standing tradition and demand a vote on something that could set an en-tirely new precedent for this body? What is the guidance—not rule—that the Trump administration and Repub-lican leadership of this body are going so far out of their way to undo? What this guidance does, very simply and very clearly, is to try to prevent dis-crimination in purchasing. In 2013, the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau put this guidance in place in response to, unfortunately, widespread and well-documented per-sistent discrimination against Ameri-cans of color when financing the pur-chase of a car. The guidance did noth-ing more than remind indirect auto lenders that they were liable under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act for pric-ing disparities caused by markup in compensation policies. It offered con-crete steps to those auto dealers that they could use to ensure compliance and support for fair lending. Auto lending is the third most com-mon source of debt for all Americans. We know that the way the established financing model works too often leaves space for implicit racial bias and leaves space for discrimination against Amer-icans of color. We know from studies that Ameri-cans of color who have better credit and who go in to try to purchase and fi-nance a car, compared to White Ameri-cans with worse credit, will often get higher interest rates and worse terms on their loans set by auto dealers. In fact, in one specific study conducted by the National Fair Housing Alliance, they paired White Americans and peo-ple of color to visit auto dealerships and shop for the same car within 24 hours of each other. Unfortunately, and surprisingly—or maybe not to some—in most cases the applicant who was a person of color, despite having better credit and less debt, was offered higher cost financing options than the less-qualified White applicant. This is a practice that no one can support. This is a practice that most Americans think is outrageous. It is clearly wrong, and we should address it. But we also know that, unfortu-nately, this kind of discrimination isn’t unique to the auto industry. There are many areas of American lives where people of color, under the same circumstances, are often paying more. We know that implicit racial bias exists across sectors and indus-tries and is a persistent issue causing people of color to have higher costs of living and to pay more. Take the three largest lending mar-kets: mortgages, student loans, and auto loans. We know discrimination persists in mortgage lending. A recent report by the Center for Investigative Reporting analyzed 31 million mort-gage records from 2015 and 2016—just a couple of years ago. They found that people of color were much more likely to be denied a conventional mortgage than White applicants, even after con-trolling for economic and social fac-tors, including applicants’ income, the size of the loan they sought, and the neighborhood where they wanted to buy. Look at student loans. For-profit col-leges disproportionately enroll stu-dents of color and saddle them often with unaffordable student loans, while offering little in the way of value in ex-change. Look at payday loans. Study after study shows that payday lenders con-centrate themselves in communities of color where they prey upon financially distressed, low-income people and make a bad financial situation mark-edly worse. In 2018 we should all agree that we should be doing everything we can to protect against this kind of discrimina-tion. When you test, time and again, better qualified loan applicants walk-ing in and, within 24 hours, less quali-fied applicants walking in, as well, and they get the better loan deal, the only difference is the color of their skin. This is unacceptable in an America that believes in fairness. We should, in a very light touch, do something about that. That is what this advice did. This advisory simply said: Hey, auto lenders, here are some steps you can take to address this issue. The study I referenced of sending in a Black couple followed by a White cou-ple is something that hits home for me very personally. My family, in the 1960s, was part of a similar situation. In this case, it was buying the home that I grew up in. In 1969, just 1 year after the passage of the Fair Housing Act, when my parents were trying to find a home in New Jersey, they en-countered an illegal practice known as real estate steering, or trying to keep Black families like mine out of White 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.007 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2236 April 18, 2018 
neighborhoods. Their bids on homes were routinely rejected in favor of White couples. Eventually, my parents went to seek the help of a group of housing activ-ists—volunteer lawyers, Black folks, White folks, Christian folks, Jewish folks—all part of a group in New Jersey called the Fair Housing Council. To-gether, they set up a sting operation where my parents went in and they were told, unfortunately, that the house they were looking at that they loved was no longer for sale. Then a volunteer White couple came right be-hind them and put an offer on the house, and it was accepted. Papers were drawn up. Then, on the day of the closing, the White couple didn’t show up; my dad and his lawyer did. The real estate agent knew what he was doing was illegal. First, he didn’t accept it. He actually got angry. In fact, he got up and punched my dad’s lawyer in the face and sicced the dog on my dad. A melee broke out. At the end, he was pleading with my father not to move into the neighborhood. He said crazy things like: Your people will not be happy here. Now, this is saying that the neighborhood didn’t have things like ‘‘my people,’’ but in this country, we are all one people, one Nation, united, and indivisible. There shouldn’t be dif-ferent rules, different laws, and dif-ferent treatment based on the color of our skin. I can’t believe we are talking about this in 2018. My family, thank God, moved into that house. I grew up in that home-town—a nurturing community, an in-credible community that welcomed me and nurtured my brother and me. I am here today because of that kind of ac-tivism and people willing to stand up and say something basic and simple: You should not discriminate on the basis of the color of someone’s skin. Part of the reason I grew up where I was is because there was a law that was on my family’s side and passed by this body—the Fair Housing Act. I am proud that for years, we Republicans and Democrats have stood up for this basic principle, this basic ideal. An even bigger part of the success of my family and my life is because there were people who didn’t just celebrate the passage of a law, didn’t just say their work was done, but they re-mained vigilant, active, and attentive in making sure the law was made real and practiced. They knew protecting America’s civil rights was not a one- and-done endeavor but required con-stant vigilance. The fact is, we have so much work left to do in this country that it is frus-trating. We have a lot of work to do controlling the impact of implicit ra-cial bias. We have people—courageous police officers, courageous activists, and police leadership—talking about the presence of implicit racial bias. I have been pleased that even Republican judges who are nominated, whom I get to interview on the Judiciary Com-mittee, speak to the presence of im-plicit racial bias in the criminal justice system that often results with people who are charged with a crime, the same circumstances, getting longer sentences just because of the color of their skin. This is not a partisan issue. This is us working against these issues and these factors of American life and making sure the basic ideal of fairness in American society is upheld. Outside of this body, American people know how implicit racial bias seeps into our criminal justice system, into our work-places, and into our schools. The ques-tion is, What are we going to do about it? Why are we today going out of our way, possibly creating an entirely new congressional precedent, changing advisories into rules that can then be rolled back—why are we doing this on this issue, to roll back guidance that reflects something most of us should be able to agree on? When an American goes in to buy a car and gets that car financed, the loan terms they get should be based on their creditworthiness—the amount of debt they have—not the color of their skin. When we have comprehensive studies, empirical tests of literally sending in couples to go buy cars, why are we roll-ing back guidance that gives sugges-tions to auto dealers about how to con-trol this? Why would this body, with the history of trying to address racial injustice, roll back a rule that is trying to address and control this practice in auto lending? If you live in communities like mine, having to pay hundreds extra or $1,000 extra for a car, in a family making $20,000 or $30,000 a year, struggling for that moment that we all know, when you get your car, you get your keys, why should they have to pay more and have it impact on their home, their well-being, their finances, their college savings, and their ability to pay their mortgage? It is unfair. Based on what? Their skin color. Rolling back this guidance has noth-ing to do with trimming bureaucracy. It is guidance. It will not help con-sumers. It will not help Americans of color. It will not help the ideals we swear an oath to—justice for all—and it is certainly not going to help our country to just be a place where work-ing stiffs can get a fair shot at things we think of as the American dream: owning your home, sending your kids to college, and having a car. At a time when the rest of the coun-try seems to be paying closer attention to issues of discrimination, when we see anti-Semitism on the rise, greater attacks on Muslim Americans, at a time when we are looking at racial issues, why are we doing this now or at any time? By passing this measure, we will be sending a message to millions of Amer-icans that this body isn’t just willfully out of touch but that we are going out of our way to create an environment where this practice is going to thrive, where the practice and the perpetra-tion of discrimination against Ameri-cans of color persists in our country. We should be beyond this. This is a chance, today, where we can make a difference. It may not seem big. We can send a message that these kinds of practices will not be tolerated. We can send a message that every American matters to this body. We can send a message that discrimination and preju-dice, implicit or not, will not be toler-ated on this soil. I ask my colleagues, I beseech my colleagues, in the name of an American who is here today because of the Fair Housing Act, because of tests like this, where White couples have said—Black couples have said, ‘‘I am here because of this history,’’ why would we turn our backs on that kind of progress and not stand up for basic American fair-ness? Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, before the Senator from New Jersey leaves the floor, I want to say, this Senator has run into few people who are as ar-ticulate and passionate to represent the least among us in our country. I want the Senator from New Jersey to know how grateful I am for his advo-cacy, for his determination, for his ci-vility, for his passion, and for his heart. I thank the Senator from New Jer-sey. Mr. BOOKER. I thank the Senator. I thank him for modeling that very char-acter to me every day that I serve with him. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, before this sounds like an admiration society, I will say it is genuinely felt. 
NOMINATION OF JAMES BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. President, what I want to do is talk about the leadership of our civil-ian space program. Traditionally, the NASA administrator has been well qualified and is not controversial. NASA is one of the few remaining areas that has largely avoided the bit-ter partisanship that has invaded far too many areas of government in our society today—until now. The NASA nominee, Congressman B
RIDENSTINE , was nominated to head NASA last fall. His hearing in the Sen-ate Commerce Committee was among the most contentious I have ever been a part of. He was voted out of the com-mittee on party lines, and Senators on both sides of the aisle have expressed doubts, both publicly and privately, to me on his qualifications for the job. The NASA Administrator should be a consummate space professional. That is what this Senator wants, a space professional, not a politician, as the head of NASA. That space professional ought to be technically and scientif-ically competent and a skilled execu-tive. More importantly, the Adminis-trator must be a leader who has the ability to bring us together, to unite scientists, engineers, commercial space 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.011 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2237 April 18, 2018 
interests, policymakers, and the public on a shared vision for future space ex-ploration. As you know, our goal is going to Mars in the decade of the 2030s. We set the goal first with the Obama adminis-tration and now with the Trump ad-ministration. What pains me is, I be-lieve the one who has been nominated to head this not partisan, not bipar-tisan—NASA has always been non-partisan—agency, I am afraid we are hitting a different standard. My concern comes from having wit-nessed very directly the tragic con-sequence when NASA leadership has failed us. When it comes to the ultimate fron-tier of space, there are always going to be risks involved, but the NASA Ad-ministrator bears the responsibility, accountability, and the final decision for the lives of astronauts who explore the heavens on behalf of all of us. I have personally witnessed—in both the Challenger and the Columbia acci-dents, we learned that engineers at NASA knew of the dangers and tried to sound the alarm, but NASA’s manage-ment and its structure, while well-in-tentioned in both of those tragedies, filtered out debate and dissent, and the warnings of the engineers went unheeded with heartbreaking con-sequences. And so it was, in 1986, with the launch of the Challenger—10 days after this Senator had returned on the 24th flight of the space shuttle to Earth—there was the tragic con-sequence. Even the engineers out in Provo, UT, who were engineers on the solid rocket boosters, were begging their management the night before the launch to stop the count when they saw on NASA TV the icicles hanging on the launch tower. We learned later in the investigation, knowing as we now know, that they had received back the solid rocket boosters from previous flights in Janu-ary, where they saw blow-by of the hot gases past the field joints that were supposed to be sealed with the rubber-ized gaskets, called O rings, but be-cause of the cold weather, they stiff-ened and did not seal the field joint, and the hot gases escaped. As the Chal-lenger was traveling into the Florida sky, it hit right at the external tank, punctured the tank, and the crew was lost. So, too, engineers in 2003 and before and crew members—like one of the best of the best, CAPT Robert Gibson, U.S. Navy, Retired, five-time shuttle astro-naut, four-time commander—had pointed out after each flight, exam-ining the orbiter, that it looked as though it had been shredded. In his words: It was as if you had taken a shotgun out and just shot buckshot into the delicate silicon tile. As a re-sult, on launch, on ascent, pieces of the foam of the external tank were falling off and hitting the delicate silicon tiles of the space shuttle orbiter. Of course, on that fateful day in early February of 2003, that is exactly what happened. A chunk of the insula-tion foam just about the size of an in-sulated cooler, on ascent, as the orbiter is accelerating, falls in the accelera-tion and hits the carbon-carbon fiber of the leading edge of the left wing and knocks a hole in it. Of course, on ascent to orbit, there is no problem; on orbit, there is no prob-lem. The problem comes after the deorbit burn and after the space shut-tle falls for 30 minutes through the vacuum of space and then starts en-countering the molecules of air in the upper atmosphere. As those upper at-mosphere air molecules hit the under-side of the space shuttle, the nose of the space shuttle, and the leading edges of the wing, the temperatures grow to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit, and there is a big hole in the leading edge of the left wing. Of course, the left wing burns up, and the crew is de-stroyed high in the descent over east Texas. NASA’s management structure, well- intentioned, filtered out debate and dissent, did not listen to those astro-naut commanders like Hoot Gibson, and did not listen years earlier, in 1985 and 1986, to those engineers at Morton Thiokol. The result is the loss of 2 space shuttles and 14 souls, including on the Space Shuttle Columbia in 2003, the first Israeli astronaut, Ilan Ramon. In the aftermath of Columbia, NASA was reorganized so that safety con-cerns from engineering and safety per-sonnel are not squashed like they were, but instead elevated—ultimately, to whom? To the guy at the top, the NASA Administrator. To make those decisions, the Administrator must draw on all of his or her knowledge of the engineering principles and of space flight, all of his or her experience from managing large technical organiza-tions, and every bit of judgment, rea-son, and impartiality he or she can muster. Leading NASA is a job for an experi-enced and proven space professional. The success or failure of leadership at NASA is, quite literally, a matter of life and death. I commend Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s time as a pilot, and his service to our country in the military is commendable. But it does not qual-ify him to make the complex and nuanced engineering, safety, and budg-etary decisions for which the head of NASA has to be accountable. Furthermore, Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s recent public service ca-reer does not instill great confidence about his ability to bring people to-gether. His record of behavior in Con-gress is as divisive as any in Wash-ington, including his attacks on Mem-bers of this body from his own party. It is hard to see how that record will en-dear him—and, by extension, NASA—to Congress and, most importantly, en-dear him to the American people. Finally, given NASA’s mission to study the Earth—that is one of NASA’s missions—Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s past statements on climate change are troubling, to say the least. Particu-larly in this administration where words like ‘‘science-based’’ and ‘‘cli-mate change’’ are being scrubbed from government documents and where some scientists have been restricted from speaking publicly about scientific findings, NASA needs an Adminis-trator—a leader, a strong leader—who understands the critical importance of studying the Earth and is willing to put his job on the line to protect NASA’s scientists. Congressman BRIDENSTINE ’s record suggests that he will do otherwise. I don’t come to this decision lightly. I hold nothing against him personally. He is a very likable fellow. My decision is not politically motivated. In fact, I supported the nomination of Chief Fi-nancial Officer Jeff DeWit because he was qualified for the job as Chief Fi-nancial Officer, and he was confirmed without a problem and is in that job. Of course, if Congressman B
RIDENSTINE  is, in fact, confirmed, I will work with him for the good of our Nation’s space program. My opposition to this nomination comes from decades of experience and an understanding of NASA’s history and having lived through some of its darkest moments. I have no doubt that the nominee is passionate about our space program, and I don’t doubt his motivation or his intentions. What is not right for NASA is an Administrator who is politically divisive and who is not prepared to be the last in line to make that fateful de-cision on go or no-go for launch. There-fore, I will oppose this nominee. I yield the floor. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise today to voice my strong support for the nomination of Congressman J
AMES  ‘‘J
IM’’ B RIDENSTINE to be the next NASA Administrator. On November 1, 2017, the Senate Commerce, Science, & Transportation Committee, which I chair, held a confirmation hearing for Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s nomina-tion and reported his nomination fa-vorably on November 8, 2017, and again on January 18, 2018. So far, it has been 1 year and nearly 3 months since this important agency has had a Senate-confirmed Adminis-trator. What is more, NASA’s Acting Administrator, Robert Lightfoot, will retire at the end of this month. Con-gressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s vision, experi-ence, and passion for NASA’s vital mis-sion are unquestionable, and I believe that his leadership will not only serve the agency well, but that his confirma-tion will give NASA the leadership it deserves. Congressman B
RIDENSTINE has an ex-tensive record of both military and public service. In 1998, he began his dis-tinguished military career serving as an aviator in the U.S. Navy. As an Ac-tive Duty pilot in the Navy, he flew the E–2C Hawkeye off the USS Abraham Lincoln aircraft carrier and deployed for multiple combat missions in Iraq 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.013 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2238 April 18, 2018 
and Afghanistan. While still on Active Duty, he transitioned to the F–18 Hor-net and flew as an ‘‘aggressor’’ at the Naval Strike and Air Warfare ‘‘Top Gun’’ Center. After leaving Active Duty in 2007, Congressman B
RIDENSTINE returned to Tulsa, OK. He continued his military service in the Navy Reserve, flying counterdrug missions in Central and South America. He is currently a mem-ber of the 137th Special Operations Wing of the Oklahoma Air National Guard, where he serves at the rank of major. In 2012, he was elected to the House of Representatives to represent Okla-homa’s First Congressional District. He currently serves on both the House Armed Services Committee and the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, where he has distinguished himself as a leader on space policy. In spite of Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s exceptional military and public service, some of my colleagues have expressed concerns about his nomination. With regard to these concerns, I would note that the Commerce, Science, & Transportation Committee has received significant bipartisan sup-port from the space community for Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s nomina-tion. In fact, over 50 space-related lead-ers and organizations have submitted letters of support, including Demo-cratic Congressman P
ERLMUTTER , former NASA Administrator Sean O’Keefe, and astronaut Buzz Aldrin. Beyond the support of this diverse group of stakeholders in the space com-munity, Congressman B
RIDENSTINE also enjoys the support of his colleagues in the House. On March 20, 2018, more than 60 Members of the House of Rep-resentatives, both Republicans and Democrats, signed a letter to Senate leadership requesting that Congress-man B
RIDENSTINE ’s nomination move forward in the Senate. The endorsement of so many stake-holders in the space community and the endorsement of Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s colleagues are reflective of the truly bipartisan nature of what Congressman B
RIDENSTINE would like to accomplish at NASA. Because of this, I am confident that Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s leadership would serve NASA well. I urge my colleagues to support his nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I once again rise to express my strong support for the Coast Guard reauthorization bill and the Vessel Incident Discharge Act, which is contained within it. I also wish to thank the, literally, doz-ens and dozens and pages and pages of organizations that have come forward and said that this is an important piece of legislation for job creation and for those people who want to make a living on our waterways in this vital, vital aspect of our economy. To pick up on something we were mentioning a few moments ago, not only does this legislation have the sup-port of the chamber of commerce, busi-ness associations around the country, and job creation associations around the country, it has the support of the International Association of Machin-ists and Aerospace Workers, the Inter-national Brotherhood of Boilermakers, the International Longshoremen’s As-sociation, the International Union of Operating Engineers, and Metal Trades AFL–CIO and Maritime Trades AFL– CIO. I could go on and on, pointing out that this legislation has the support of both labor and management. I appreciate people of diverse polit-ical ideologies coming together on something that is going to make it easier to do commerce in the United States. I just hope we can get the 60 votes we require for consensus here in this body. I know we are close. We have 60 people who have, at one time or an-other, expressed support for this legis-lation, and I hope we can come to-gether in a convergence in a few mo-ments when we vote for this. I want to discuss a couple of mis-conceptions that keep floating around about the ballast water, incidental water issue. First, some people are saying that the bill lowers the environmental standards for ballast water. Of course, nothing could be further from the truth. Why would these organizations come forward with this if we are going to lower the standards? The very lan-guage of the bill preserves current Fed-eral standards. Also, the bill includes what is already in the law; that is, the Environmental Protection Agency will have a principal role in setting the na-tional standard for ballast water dis-charge. The new standards and requirements would be based upon a term of art, and the term of art in the language is ‘‘best available technology economically achievable,’’ BATEA. This term comes straight out of our current Clean Water Act. It is already there. But in the Ves-sel Incidental Discharge Act—which we hope we can bring to the floor in a few moments—the best available tech-nology would be mandated for this new, nationwide standard. This stand-ard would, of course, be enforced by the Coast Guard, but it would be developed by the EPA according to the most stringent, scientifically available standards we could possibly have. What we are trying to do in this re-gard is free up commerce—free up working men and women, free up peo-ple trying to create more jobs in the maritime industry—from complying with a myriad of different require-ments as we go State to State to State. Some 25 different States have a little bit of a nuanced approach to this. As you can imagine, if you are in the barge business or in the maritime busi-ness, it is almost impossible to comply with 25 separate standards. This would set one standard across the country, but it would be at the best available technology. So please, don’t anyone think this is some sort of lesser tech-nology. This is the best. According to the very wording of the bill that we are asking the Senate to vote on today, EPA concurrence is re-quired for these regulations to be es-tablished. It would not be able to be en-forced unless EPA comes in and blesses it. And EPA would have a principal role in developing the proposed regula-tions. Let me say a word or two about the Great Lakes. This seems to be a matter of concern and misunderstanding. There is a myth that this somehow harms the Great Lakes. I have to com-mend the principal author of this legis-lation and the Senator from Alaska, who is currently occupying the Chair, for being willing to accommodate our friends from the Great Lakes during this process. The Great Lakes gets a little extra treatment in this bill be-cause of concerns they have raised. Here is what will happen if we pass this bill. All vessels entering the Great Lakes will need to flush their ballast water before entering. The only ballast water then being discharged by Great Lakes vessels will be water that they have taken in from the Great Lakes. They have to flush their ballast tanks before coming in. That is an accommo-dation we have made to bring our friends from the Great Lakes into this issue. According to this bill, the Coast Guard, in concurrence with the EPA, would be required to establish best management practices specifically tai-lored to the Great Lakes. I would just say to my friends, let’s talk about the facts, but please don’t make up arguments that are not based in fact. This legislation, if it passes— and I still think we have an oppor-tunity to get 60 votes and move on to considering the substance—would use the best scientifically available en-forcement possible. It would give our barge folks and our maritime folks just one thing to comply with rather than 25 or 26 or 27 different regulatory schemes. And what do those myriad of schemes do? Every time you have to hire a lawyer or a compliance person, it is money you take out of your bot-tom line that you would like to use creating a job in America. That is what these people want to do. They want to increase employment for these boiler-makers and longshoremen who have endorsed this bill. I say to my friends, let’s not be con-fused with arguments that have come in in the last week or two that have no basis in fact. This is a bill about strong, strong requirements for the water that, incidentally, has to come out of the ballast tanks, and it is about strong enforcement by the Coast Guard of standards imposed by the EPA ac-cording to the best available scientific technology—strong requirements to protect our environment but also to protect jobs and commerce for Ameri-cans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.008 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2239 April 18, 2018 
I think we are going to vote in 10 or 11 minutes. I urge my colleagues who have at one time or the other come for-ward and endorsed this very proposal, please stay with us on this, particu-larly based on the accommodations the Senator from Alaska has made to make the bill more accommodating and more conclusive of the concerns that have been raised. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. We are going to continue this fight one way or another. This is a day we ought to stand for doing something for commerce, for labor, for business, and in the name of bipartisanship and in the name of rewarding the way we ought to be legislating on the floor. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, in a few minutes, at noon, the Senate will begin the process of voting—two votes. The first of those votes will be a vote on a resolution brought to the Senate by Senator M
ORAN and Senator T OOMEY to reject a rule proposed by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s 2013 ac-tion in which it sought to assert juris-diction over auto finance guidance. I use the word ‘‘rule’’ guardedly, though, because, as you will see from my re-marks, this was an end run by the CFPB in two ways. First, the CFPB doesn’t have jurisdiction over auto fi-nance. Second, the CFPB did not use the Administrative Procedure Act to adopt a rule; it sought to implement a rule through a process of issuing a guidance to avoid the scrutiny and the legal challenges to its effort to assert this jurisdiction. It is important that Congress dis-approve this guidance because it was an attempt by the CFPB to make sub-stantive policy changes through guid-ance rather than through the rule-making process governed by the Ad-ministrative Procedure Act. As I said before, it is also an attempt to regulate auto dealers, who were explicitly ex-empted from CFPB supervision and regulation under the Dodd-Frank act. Finally, it is also a rule that has caused great difficulty and problems in the marketplace, hurting auto dealers and consumers alike. The CFPB itself, when undertaking this action, admitted what it was doing. The CFPB rejected developing a rule using its statutory authority be-cause the actions it was seeking to reg-ulate are ostensibly those of dealers over whom it has no regulatory author-ity. It is interesting that even in the CFPB’s own documentation of what it was doing, it indicated that it didn’t have the authority to do it. So the CFPB decided to develop a guidance, rather than a rule, as a backdoor way to regulate auto dealers. The CFPB’s indirect auto bulletin represents a departure from typical Federal agency practice, as reflected in the GAO’s conclusion that its rule is subject to CRA requirements. In other words, in a ruling, the GAO said: Yes, this actually is a rule even though the Administrative Procedure Act wasn’t followed. That decision by the GAO gives this Congress the authority to re-ject the CFPB’s actions. Some of my colleagues on the other side say that disapproving guidance is somehow a loophole we are using be-cause we should only have authority to disapprove a specific rule. The GAO’s ruling on the CFPB’s guidance clearly puts this within the jurisdiction of this Senate. I would point my colleagues to a statement from, among others, Senator Reid in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  from 1996 when the Congressional Re-view Act was passed, explaining what the authors’ intent was when passing this legislation. He said: ‘‘[T]he au-thors are concerned that some agencies have attempted to circumvent notice- and-comment requirements by trying to give legal effect to general state-ments of policy, ‘guidelines,’ and agen-cy policy and procedure manuals. The authors admonish the agencies that the APA’s broad definition of ‘rule’ was adopted by the authors of this legisla-tion to discourage circumvention of the requirements’’ of it. As a result of these significant con-cerns, this resolution has attracted substantial support, including from 14 different organizations involved with helping consumers buy a vehicle, and an endorsement via a Statement of Ad-ministration Policy from the White House. The following organizations submitted letters: the Chamber of Commerce, the Credit Union National Association, the Independent Commu-nity Bankers of America, the American Bankers Association, the American Fi-nancial Services Association, the Na-tional Automobile Dealers Association, the Alliance of Automobile Manufac-turers, the National RV Dealers Asso-ciation, the National Independent Automobile Dealers Association, the Recreation Vehicle Industry Associa-tion, the American International Auto-mobile Dealers Association, the Na-tional Auto Auction Association, the Motorcycle Industry Council, and the National Federation of Independent Business. Finally, I would like to respond to the assertion that disapproving this guidance somehow allows auto dealers to discriminate. That is the issue that is at stake here. The reason that Con-gress did not give the CFPB jurisdic-tion over auto dealers is that the auto dealers are already subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act. If we re-ject this resolution, the auto dealers will continue to be subject to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, which will continue to apply to all creditors, which means auto dealers who extend credit will be prohibited from discrimi-nating against customers on the basis of race, sex, age, national origin, mar-ital status, or because one receives public assistance. In other words, we are not changing the law. We are not taking away any protections in the law. We are stopping a rogue agency from continuing to be able to enforce a rule which it sought to create by avoiding the Administra-tive Procedure Act. I urge my colleagues to vote to sup-port this resolution. Mr. President, I yield my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there be 5 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to the second vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to start the first vote immediately. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? The yeas and nays have been ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 76 Leg.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.016 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2240 April 18, 2018 
Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 57) was passed, as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 57 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’ (CFPB Bulletin 2013–02 (March 21, 2013), and printed in the Congressional Record on December 6, 2017, on pages S7888–S7889, along with a let-ter of opinion from the Government Ac-countability Office dated December 5, 2017, that the Bulletin is a rule under the Congres-sional Review Act), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 5 minutes equally divided before the next vote. The Senator from Wisconsin. Ms. BALDWIN. Thank you, Madam President and colleagues. The next vote will be on cloture on a motion to concur with an amendment that is the Coast Guard reauthoriza-tion, but with a special provision that I want to draw all my colleagues’ at-tention to, dealing with incidental dis-charges from vessels. I am strongly supportive of the Coast Guard reauthorization, but this VIDA provision, as it is known, is extremely troublesome. It impacts both fresh-water coasts of the Great Lakes as well as our other coastal regions, and it strips the Environmental Protection Agency of its scientific role in setting standards for discharges and puts the Coast Guard entirely in charge of these decisions and enforcement. In addition, it strips all of our coast-al States of the authority to pass laws concerning the waters off their coasts. Wisconsin is a State that has passed its own water discharge rules. It has done so because we need to protect the greatest fresh drinking water source in the world and in our Nation. We also have had threats of invasive species that would decimate our Great Lakes. Ballast water and incidental discharges can often be the cause of those invasive species. In addition, there are chemicals that can enter the water if this is not regulated. This is not the time for a one-size-fits-all ap-proach. We should remove the VIDA provi-sion from the Coast Guard reauthoriza-tion, pass the Coast Guard reauthoriza-tion on a voice vote because it is abso-lutely not controversial, and then get to the hard work of doing VIDA the right way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Madam President, the title that our colleagues are com-plaining about in this bill—the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act, or VIDA— has been introduced in the last five Congresses since 2008, several times being led by Democrats. There have been numerous hearings, meetings, and protracted negotiations regarding VIDA, spanning days, weeks, months, and years. The bill has been passed out of the Commerce Com-mittee two times this year and mul-tiple times in the past always by voice vote. There are 23 cosponsors, including many from the other side of the aisle— Senators CASEY , N ELSON , S CHATZ , M
CCASKILL , COONS , and S HAHEEN this year. Other cosponsors of similar past VIDA bills include Senators H
IRONO , M
ARKEY , Pryor, W ARREN , C OONS , M
ANCHIN , and Hagan. There have been negotiations with committee members and people off the committee. We have accommodated and accommodated and accommodated so much—I have bent over backward so many times that I can’t hardly stand up straight—trying to accommodate concerns that people have on this. Many of the folks speaking against VIDA have been in those negotiations, very honestly. Some of the friends across the aisle have extracted conces-sion after concession, only to move the goalpost whenever we get close. Here is a list of some of the changes we have agreed to: State incidental dis-charge standards remain in place until promulgation of a final Coast Guard rule, allowing at least 2 years during which all the current standards remain in place. Both ballast water and inci-dental discharge rules will be devel-oped by the Coast Guard in concur-rence with the EPA. We respect the EPA’s good work in this area and fully anticipate that the Agency will be closely involved every step of the way. States will have the authority to en-force the Federal regulations regarding ballast water and incidental dis-charges. States will have the authority to require that vessel operators provide ballast water compliance information prior to arrival at a port. States will have the ability to charge existing and new fees for ballast water and inci-dental discharge inspections. Madam President, this was a bipar-tisan bill when it was introduced, and since, we have made numerous changes to accommodate concerns. VIDA pre-serves environmental protections and allows commerce to move. It has gone through extraordinary debate, process, and input from both sides of the aisle. It is time to pass this bill now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendment to accompany S. 140, an act to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, with a further amendment. Mitch McConnell, John Barrasso, Roy Blunt, Johnny Isakson, Todd Young, Tom Cotton, Tim Scott, Roger F. Wicker, Cory Gardner, John Thune, Jerry Moran, John Hoeven, Lamar Alexander, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Jeff Flake, John Boozman. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to concur in the House amendment to S. 140, with amendment No. 2232, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 77 Leg.] YEAS—56 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Casey Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—42 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Coons Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McConnell Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.001 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2241 April 18, 2018 
Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 56, the nays 42. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I enter a motion to reconsider the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-tion is entered. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of J
AMES BRIDENSTINE , of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration. Mitch McConnell, John Hoeven, Johnny Isakson, James Lankford, Steve Daines, Mike Crapo, John Kennedy, John Barrasso, John Thune, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James M. Inhofe, Richard Burr, Mike Rounds, Shelley Moore Capito, Tom Cotton, Cory Gardner. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of J
AMES BRIDENSTINE , of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 78 Ex.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 48. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of J
AMES BRIDENSTINE , of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
NOMINATION OF CARLOS MUNIZ  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, later this afternoon, the Senate will fi-nally vote to confirm Carlos Muniz—a well-qualified nominee—to be general counsel at the U.S. Department of Edu-cation. I came to the floor last week to ask for this vote because I believe Mr. Muniz has been subject to unreasonable delays. For example, Mr. Muniz was nominated by the President on June 6th of last year—316 days ago. He has been pending on the floor since we re-ported him out of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Committee on October 18, 2017—182 days ago. In other words, he has been waiting for 6 months, following his approval by the relevant committee, for the Senate to consider this nomination. So it is time to confirm him. It is time to give Sec-retary DeVos an attorney and a general counsel. Mr. Muniz has extensive experience as an attorney and in government. From January 2014 to February 2018, he was a partner at the law firm of McGuireWoods in Florida. Prior to that, from January 2011 to 2014, he was Deputy Attorney General for the State of Florida and Chief of Staff to Attorney General Pam Bondi. There, he managed a 400-lawyer agency and oversaw all functions, including litigation, policy development, legisla-tive affairs, and communications. He was also General Counsel for Florida’s Department of Financial Services and Deputy General Counsel for Governor Jeb Bush. Mr. Muniz graduated from the Uni-versity of Virginia with high honors. He earned his law degree from Yale, where he was an editor of the Yale Law Journal. After law school, he served as a law clerk to two Federal judges, one on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and the other for the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. In other words, he is exactly the kind of person that we hope would serve in public life. I am delighted that he chose to ac-cept the President’s nomination and that we will have a chance this after-noon to confirm him. As general counsel, he will have the important job of providing legal assist-ance to the Secretary concerning the programs and policies of the Depart-ment and making sure that these poli-cies follow the law, which given his background, he has the experience to do. He testified in his confirmation hear-ing that he is committed to advising the Secretary to follow the law as Con-gress wrote it. I am glad we are having this vote today. I support his nomination. I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Texas for his courtesy in allowing me to speak before him. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the clerk will re-port the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will now be 1 hour of debate on the nomination, equally divided between the Senator from New York or her designee and the Senator from Tennessee or his des-ignee. The majority whip. 
REMEMBERING BARBARA BUSH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it is with sadness that I come to the Senate floor to speak about former First Lady Barbara Bush on her passing yesterday. Of course, she was the wife of our 41st President and the mother of our 43rd President. My wife Sandy and I have wonderful memories of Mrs. Bush flying around the State of Texas with us during my campaign for attorney general. That the former First Lady of the United States was so willing to embark on this long day of campaigning speaks to her generosity and her devotion to causes she believed in. With her, we always felt like we were flying in first class. Many kind things have already been said about the First Lady’s sharp wit and her sense of humor, her efforts to improve child literacy, and her faith and loyalty to family and friends; and all of those are true. I will not try to top those statements. I will simply say what all of us are feeling today: sad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.003 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2242 April 18, 2018 
and a little bit emptier as a nation, missing her honor, dignity, and re-spectability. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. President, later today I have the honor of meeting with the Director of the CIA, Mike Pompeo, who has been nominated by the President of the United States to become America’s chief diplomat, the U.S. Secretary of State. I am looking forward to catch-ing up with the Director about several global challenges and his priorities as the next Secretary of State. What confounds me as I stand here today is that many of our Democratic colleagues have made his nomination a partisan wedge issue. Diplomacy, which is what the State Department does, is supposed to be about bringing people together, not driving them apart. But sowing discord is what some partisans seem content on doing when it comes to Director Pompeo’s nomina-tion, and it is a shame. With the growing number of threats around the world, with heightened ten-sion in North Korea and Syria, it is clear that we need an intelligent, qualified person in that position. It is time to put partisan politics aside and to confirm this nomination. There is no good reason why we shouldn’t be able to do that. After all, the editorial board at the Washington Post argued persuasively that Director Pompeo should be confirmed. Fourteen Demo-crats supported him when the Senate voted last year to approve his nomina-tion to lead the CIA. Back then, our colleague, the senior Senator from Virginia, said that he be-lieved Pompeo would be an ‘‘effective leader of the CIA at a time when the Agency is facing many challenges.’’ The junior Senator from Virginia added that Pompeo ‘‘has a keen under-standing of the CIA’s role’’ and was ‘‘knowledgeable about our Nation’s cyber threats.’’ Those seem like pretty nice com-pliments and pretty accurate assess-ments to me. But now some Democrats are saying they oppose Pompeo’s nomination for the State Department. On what grounds? Is the CIA any less important a job than the State Department? To be for Director Pompeo as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and against him for Secretary of State seems to be unreconcilable. Some have attempted to justify their opposition saying that he is somehow anti-diplomacy, but that claim is frankly false. We just heard last night of the news of Director Pompeo’s trip to North Korea. Two Democratic Senators from Connecticut praised the groundwork that was being laid, saying they were ‘‘glad’’ that preparations were being made for upcoming negotiations on the denuclearization of the Korean Penin-sula and that this is the sort of diplo-matic effort on the part of Pompeo that is undoubtedly welcome. I agree with those comments. It is important to make sure that we ex-haust all efforts to a diplomatic resolu-tion on the Korean Peninsula, rather than see an armed conflict with so many innocent lives lost and so much bloodshed. So I applaud Director Pompeo and this administration for taking the diplomatic avenue so seri-ously and making that trip, laying the groundwork for the President’s nego-tiation with Kim Jong Un. That raises the question: How pos-sibly could Director Pompeo, in light of this news, be the warmongering, anti-diplomatic caricature that some Democrats have painted him to be? It is just not true. The Director’s trip is not the only thing that established his diplomatic credibility. I have spoken about Director Pompeo’s credentials on several occa-sions in the past. As we know, he grad-uated first in his class at the U.S. Mili-tary Academy at West Point, where he was an engineer. He served in the U.S. Army, earning the rank of captain, and he served as a cavalry officer in various parts of the world. When he went to law school, he grad-uated at the top of his class and prac-ticed at a prestigious law firm. Then he went into business, founding an aero-space company, and later ran for the House of Representatives from his home State in Kansas. Those that know Mike know that ‘‘brash,’’ ‘‘impulsive,’’ and ‘‘reckless’’ are not words you would ever use to de-scribe him. He is not somebody looking to pick a fight with dangerous regimes or to flex military muscle unneces-sarily. Actually, Director Pompeo is careful, thoughtful, and deliberate. He listens, he studies, and he gets along with peo-ple. Above all, he has the sort of expe-rience we need in our next Secretary of State. It is true that he has military experi-ence, but that doesn’t predispose him to military conflict as the best way to resolve our disputes with other coun-tries—to the contrary. And he has much more than just that experience. He served honorably on the House In-telligence Committee, and he has now served at the CIA for more than 1 year. So he has that vital intelligence back-ground. As I said, he worked in law and busi-ness. So he understands the role of civil society and public institutions and building the durable rule of law in countries unlike our own. I hope our colleagues will remember these qualities in the days ahead, and I hope Director Pompeo will be con-firmed on the floor in short order. It would be a grave mistake for this body to fail to confirm the next Secretary of State, particularly leading up to the important negotiations with regard to the nuclear weapons capacity of the North Korean regime. The likelihood that it could be resolved short of armed conflict should encourage all of us to continue to support those diplomatic efforts and to support Director Pompeo as the next diplomat in chief. TAX REFORM  
Finally, Mr. President, I would like to speak again about tax day, which, of course, was yesterday. I know so many Texans are saying: Thank goodness it is over. We heard a collective groan across the country as people jumbled together all the paperwork and mailed their re-turns or delivered them to the IRS. The good news is that the worst is be-hind us. As the majority leader wrote recently, there is ‘‘a silver lining—sim-ply put, it is ‘out with the old and in with the new.’’’ Yesterday is the last time American families will have to file under the un-fair, convoluted, and outdated Tax Code that Congress and the President got rid of a few months ago. Unfortunately, none of our Demo-cratic colleagues supported the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—none. All of them voted no in lockstep. Every single Democrat in the House and every sin-gle Democrat in the Senate voted to block tax cuts for working families. They voted against doubling the stand-ard deduction. They voted against dou-bling the child tax credit. They voted to maintain the U.S. corporate rate as the highest business tax rate in the in-dustrialized world—all to our det-riment and all to contribute to slow economic growth and a lack of hope for so many people looking for work and hoping to pursue their dreams. Well, some of our colleagues yester-day met on the stairs out in front on the Capitol, and they said that not only did they vote no when it came to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, but now they want to repeal those tax cuts. That is right. They came together unanimously and said: We want to raise your taxes, killing the nascent economic recovery we have seen, which has gotten people so excited and has caused consumer confidence to be at an all-time high. We have seen what has happened to the stock market and to people’s 401(k)s, pensions, and retirement sav-ings. People have a spring in their step once more when it comes to their job prospects and bringing home more take-home pay. Our colleagues across the aisle voted against a $2,000 tax cut for a family of four making $73,000. They simply have ignored the fact that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubled the standard deduc-tion, making sure that for a married couple, their first $24,000 of income earned was tax free. They ignored the fact that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act doubled the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000, allowing many more parents to claim it and helping working fami-lies. Our Democratic colleagues who voted no ignore the fact that the law elimi-nates the individual mandate tax, which disproportionately hits low-in-come families. Worst of all, our col-leagues who insist on voting no to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.026 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2243 April 18, 2018 
these reforms seem so driven by ide-ology and by a devotion to big govern-ment that they aren’t actually listen-ing to the American people. Well, I have listened to my constitu-ents, and every time I do, I learn some-thing new. Every week I hear from Texans who explain how they are put-ting the new savings from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act to good use. One retired and disabled soldier named William Alderman says he lives on a fixed income and has seen it go up under the changes made to the Tax Code. He said he thinks the law will have ‘‘lasting impact,’’ and he said ‘‘thank you.’’ He said: ‘‘God bless Texas and America.’’ Another Texan, a retired Air Force colonel from Brownsville named David Teigen said the benefits sure felt like a lot more than just ‘‘crumbs’’ to him. A third, Donnie Connell, from San Antonio, my hometown, said the tax law will result in close to $4,000 worth of savings this year. Donnie is trying to make a better life for his family, and he called the reforms a ‘‘HUGE DEAL.’’ When he said ‘‘HUGE DEAL,’’ it was in all caps, I might add. Our Democratic colleagues are so quick to dismiss or ignore normal, hard-working people like Donnie with the same old tired talking points and ideology because doing so is easier than actually doing the hard work of coming together on a bipartisan basis and passing legislation. When they do this, they like to talk about corporations. According to their rationale, the 505 companies that have announced pay raises, bonuses, 401(k) match increases, cuts to utility rates, and other benefits aren’t really helping the average worker; they are just somehow lining their own pockets. They seem to ignore that our old Tax Code ranked among the highest in the developed world and was an impedi-ment to investment and the return of money earned abroad here to create new jobs and to build companies here so people could work and provide for their families and pursue their dreams. Instead, they say that stock buybacks, for example, which some companies have opted for, in part, reward cor-porate executives and well-off share-holders rather than workers. The Senator from New York, the mi-nority leader, has made those com-ments a number of times, which re-flects a basic misunderstanding. Our colleague from Massachusetts has said that buybacks ‘‘create a sugar high for corporations.’’ But none other than Warren Buffett—one of the most fa-mous investors in the world and a Democrat—disagrees. He and others understand that it is oftentimes irre-sponsible for companies to sit on large amounts of cash. They need to put it to work for their shareholders, grow the business, improve stock values. If companies buy back stock, share-holders can then go and invest the money in another company that might have had something better to do with it, a company that has something greater to build or innovate and needs money to get the project off the ground. As one economist said, when it comes to buybacks, the money ‘‘doesn’t go into a black hole. It goes into a financial market somewhere . . . [and then] a chain of events’’ leads to higher wages and higher productivity. So as we hear and continue to spread the true stories about tax reform, let’s remember men and women like Donnie Connell for whom the savings are lit-erally a huge deal, and let’s ignore the delusional, ideological arguments that have already been disproved. Let’s keep finding ways to make the economy stronger and more dynamic, one char-acterized by more jobs, higher wages, and falling unemployment. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the vote on the Muniz nomi-nation occur at 4:30 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge my col-leagues to vote against the nomination of Carlos Muniz to be the Department of Education’s general counsel. The Department of Education’s pri-mary responsibility is to help schools educate our students and prepare them to be successful in life. A good edu-cation can open doors of opportunity for children who may not have thought that their dreams were possible, and a good education can lift millions of fam-ilies out of poverty and into the middle class. That is certainly what a good education did for me and for my fam-ily. As many working families are strug-gling today, we should be working to make sure every child can attend a good public school in their own neigh-borhood. We need to do more to ensure that every student who wants to attend college can afford it, graduate, and find a good-paying job and is not saddled with a mountain of debt. It is critical that every student, no matter what age, learn in a safe environment, free from discrimination, harassment, and violence. This should be at the core of our Na-tion—that everyone has the right to a high-quality education, no matter where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents make. As general counsel to the Depart-ment of Education, Mr. Muniz would be responsible for providing legal advice and assistance to Secretary DeVos. Her first year in office has shown how much she needs it. Secretary DeVos continues to push her extreme privatization agenda even though millions of students, parents, and teachers have stood up and re-jected it. Despite bipartisan agreement in Con-gress on our Nation’s K–12 law, the Every Student Succeeds Act, Secretary DeVos is approving State plans that do not comply with all of ESSA’s guard-rails—guardrails that were agreed to by Republicans and Democrats in Con-gress to help ensure that no student falls through the cracks. Secretary DeVos has rolled back pro-tections for students and student loan borrowers, making it easier for preda-tory, for-profit colleges to take advan-tage of students. Time and again, she has failed to up-hold civil rights protections for stu-dents. She has tried to scale back the Office for Civil Rights, opened the doors for schools to once again dis-criminate against transgender stu-dents, and rolled back guidance for schools on how to investigate campus sexual assault. Especially in this mo-ment when more and more women are coming forward and sharing their sto-ries of harassment and assault, there is no excuse for those in power to at-tempt to sweep their stories under the rug. By rolling back this guidance, Sec-retary DeVos allowed schools to put the burden back on survivors. By mak-ing it harder for them to trust they will be believed, I am concerned that fewer women will come forward. Mr. President, it is clear that Sec-retary DeVos needs an independent general counsel who will stand up to her when laws are being bent or bro-ken. I am afraid Mr. Muniz has failed to convince me that is the kind of gen-eral counsel he would be. He worked for a for-profit college company that preyed upon students and cheated them out of their edu-cation and their savings. He has a record of putting politics before stu-dents. He worked for the Florida attor-ney general, who came under fire for accepting a political donation from President Trump at the very time she decided against investigating Trump University—a sham university that de-frauded countless students by prom-ising them everything and leaving them with nothing. Although Mr. Muniz and the Florida attorney general didn’t stand up for students who were misled and de-frauded by President Trump, many other States sued. Just last week—8 years after Trump University closed its doors—the $25 million settlement the President agreed to pay to his victims was finalized, meaning some of those cheated by the President will now start seeing relief. However, Mr. Muniz’s in-volvement in the Trump University case gives me great concern that at the Department of Education, he will once again not stand up for student loan borrowers defrauded by other preda-tory for-profit colleges. I am afraid Mr. Muniz at the Depart-ment of Education will only be more of the same. For those reasons, I will be voting against his nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
NOMINATION OF JAMES BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. President, while I am here, I want to briefly comment on another nominee who is being considered today 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.028 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2244 April 18, 2018 
by the Senate, and that is Representa-tive B
RIDENSTINE . Since he was nomi-nated to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, I have been expressing very strong and very serious concerns, and I wanted to come to the floor today to once again call on my colleagues to re-ject this nomination and to call on President Trump to send us a nominee who is worthy of the great legacy and incredible potential of our civil space program. My deep concerns with Representa-tive B
RIDENSTINE fall into two cat-egories. The first is his fitness for lead-ership of an agency that is seeped in science, given his clear lack of under-standing of basic scientific issues, and the second is his ability to lead an in-clusive and forward-looking agency, given his history of hateful, demean-ing, and divisive comments and posi-tions. First, let me talk about his fitness to lead this agency. NASA is an agency that is committed to science, explo-ration, technology, and innovation. Over the years, it has employed some of the most brilliant scientists in the world focused on the most cutting-edge research, with an eye toward exploring new frontiers, expanding human knowl-edge, and increasing our understanding of this world and beyond. It was this commitment to science and innovation that allowed NASA to catch up with the Russians and launch a satellite into space. It was this openness to in-novation that allowed NASA to cast humanity’s eyes with greater clarity than ever before far beyond our solar system with the launch of the Hubble telescope. It was this focus on innova-tion and exploration that allowed NASA to put a man on the Moon—12 of them, in fact. The list goes on. Without a commitment to science, NASA would not have succeeded, and if that doesn’t continue, it will fail. That is why I am very concerned that Rep-resentative B
RIDENSTINE not only is not committed to science, he flat-out rejects clear scientific consensus. As I have said before, in a June 2013 speech he delivered on the floor of the House of Representatives, Representative B
RIDENSTINE repeated the debunked claim that ‘‘global temperatures stopped rising 10 years ago,’’ and a March 2013 tweet from him failed to recognize the difference between local weather conditions and the broader planetary climate. That is a basic sci-entific concept. Those are just a couple of examples. This may be just one issue, but it is very telling. I believe that Representa-tive B
RIDENSTINE ’s failure to accept fundamental scientific truths about Earth’s climate will make him an ill- suited and dangerous choice to lead an agency with science at its core. Second is my concern about his abil-ity to lead an inclusive and forward- looking agency, given his history of hateful, demeaning, and divisive com-ments and positions. I have noted this before, but it bears repeating. Representative BRIDENSTINE has openly expressed his opposition to the rights of LGBTQ individuals, of immi-grants, and of women. In May 2013, he gave a speech and suggested that LGBTQ people were immoral. He said: ‘‘Some of us in America still believe in the concept of sexual morality.’’ In re-sponse to the Supreme Court’s mar-riage equality ruling in 2013, he stated that he would keep fighting for ‘‘tradi-tional marriage.’’ Representative B
RIDENSTINE has a history of sup-porting anti-Muslim groups and has consistently defended a number of President Trump’s discriminatory poli-cies on immigration, including the Muslim travel ban. He even defended President Trump’s comments about sexually assaulting women, saying they were ‘‘locker room talk.’’ He has gone on shows and stages to stand with bigots and racists—not to debate them but to agree with them. And that list goes on. Representative B
RIDENSTINE is not someone who should be put in charge of NASA’s diverse workforce. In 2016, NASA announced that for the very first time, fully half of their new astronaut trainees were women. I mentioned be-fore that NASA has sent 12 men to the Moon. Well, we may be on track for a woman to be the first American to plant her feet on Mars. At a moment in our history where we want every student in this country— every one of them—to dream big dreams and to strive for high goals and explore careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, regardless of where they are from or whom they love or what color their skin is, sending someone like Representative B
RIDENSTINE to lead our Nation’s space agency would send the absolute wrong signal and move our country in the ab-solute wrong direction. So I will be voting against that nomination, and I will be strongly encouraging our col-leagues to do so as well. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. (The remarks of Mr. M
ERKLEY per-taining to the introduction of S. 2708 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. MERKLEY. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF JAMES BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I rise to support the upcoming confirmation this week of my friend J
IMBRIDENSTINE  to be Administrator of NASA. We are now in our second year with-out a Senate-confirmed Administrator of NASA. Not only has that been bad for the United States, but it is also bad for the commercial space industry, NASA, and all of us who prioritize re-storing and strengthening America’s leadership in space. NASA needs a strong leader, and it will have that strong leader in JIMBRIDENSTINE . I serve as the chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee’s Space Sub-committee, and I am proud and deeply gratified that President Trump chose to nominate Representative J
IM B
RIDENSTINE to lead NASA. I can think of very few people I know who are more inspirational than Jim. Unfortunately, throughout Representative B
RIDENSTINE ’s confirmation process, we have seen cynical politicians attempt-ing to malign his character, despite the fact that he has spent his entire adult life in public service. J
IMBRIDENSTINE is a veteran and a war hero. He is a man of deep character and deep integrity. Having served our Nation in combat as a fighter pilot, he earned the respect of the men and women who served under his command. Representative B
RIDENSTINE ’s com-bat missions included airborne battle-field command and control and tactical air control flights in support of the lib-eration of Iraq, controlling over 180 kill box interdiction and close-air support missions, resulting in the destruction of countless tanks, armored vehicles, and time-sensitive fixed targets. Representative B
RIDENSTINE later transitioned to the F/A–18 Hornet while on Active Duty, serving at the Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center, TOPGUN command, where he flew both the E–2 and F28. There, he received fit-ness reports from his commanding offi-cers, which rated him as ‘‘the number one Hawkeye pilot and weapons and tactic instructor’’ and ‘‘the most tactically skilled pilot in the E–2 com-munity.’’ That is a remarkable record, and it is one that has been followed by honorable and distinguished service in the U.S. Congress. Throughout my time in the Senate, I have been blessed to meet with a num-ber of astronauts. It is worth noting that quite a number of those astro-nauts at NASA have backgrounds very similar to that of Representative B
RIDENSTINE . He will be able to lead them as one who has served in missions similar to the ones they have served in and are serving now. I have no doubt he will be an effective leader of NASA and will work to ensure the safety of the men and women who step forward to save our country; that he will work to lead NASA in a way to ensure that America continues to lead in space, and, in particular, that NASA and the commercial space sector, working hand in hand, will move forward to imple-ment the bipartisan commitment this Congress has made that man will go back to space and go to Mars and that, in particular, the first foot that sets on the soil of Mars will be an American astronaut landing to explore that next frontier. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2245 April 18, 2018 
I urge my colleagues to put aside par-tisan politics. If this vote were on the merits, Representative B
RIDENSTINE  should be confirmed 100 to 0 on the merits. I urge my colleagues to come together so we can have a strong leader of NASA, an honorable war hero, and a leader who will lead space exploration going forward. 
ISRAEL INDEPENDENCE DAY  
Mr. President, I also rise to join Israel and the Jewish people to cele-brate Israel Independence Day. This year marks the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the modern State of Israel. On Friday, May 14, 1948, Israel’s founding father, David Ben- Gurion, brought together members of the Jewish People’s Council in the Tel Aviv Museum. By then, the Zionist movement to rebirth the Jewish state had been at work for decades. Ben-Gurion stood underneath a por-trait of the pioneer of that movement, Theodor Herzl, and described the his-toric right of the Jewish people to the land of Israel. 
The Land of Israel was the birthplace of the Jewish people. Here their spirit, religious and political identity was shaped. Here they first attained to statehood, created cultural values of national and universal significance and gave to the world the eternal Book of Books. After being forcibly exiled from their land, the people kept faith with it throughout their Dispersion and never ceased to pray and hope for their return to it and for the restoration in it of their political freedom. 
That writing had been recognized by the international community, he said, and declared the founding of the mod-ern State of Israel. He also said: 
We, members of the People’s Council, rep-resentatives of the Jewish community of Eretz-Israel and of the Zionist Movement, are here assembled on the day of the termi-nation of the British Mandate over Eretz- Israel and, by virtue of our natural and his-toric right and on the strength of the resolu-tion of the United Nations General Assem-bly, hereby declare the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz-Israel to be known as the State of Israel. 
Eleven minutes after Ben-Gurion made his declaration, and over the ob-jection of many of his advisers and the State Department, President Harry S. Truman courageously recognized the State of Israel. I am sorry it took us a full 11 minutes to do so. Meanwhile, armies from five Arab States declared war and invaded, in an attempt to destroy the new state. De-spite being outgunned and out-numbered, Israel would prevail. The Israeli victory might not have happened without heroic soldiers who had recently returned from World War II, including Jewish Americans volun-teering to go and help. Some volun-teers provided badly needed weapons, others offered military experience, and some fought. In 1951, then serving as Israel’s first Prime Minister, Ben-Gurion estab-lished Israel’s Memorial Day, which takes place the day before Israel Inde-pendence Day and which commemo-rates those killed in the wars and the terror campaigns waged against Israel. From Tuesday to Wednesday evening, Israel came to a complete standstill in honor of the 23,646 Israelis who have fallen in wars, and the 3,134 terrorist victims since 1860. I stand shoulder to shoulder with Israel in commemora-tion. It has been seven decades since Prime Minister Ben-Gurion made his historic declaration of independence and Presi-dent Truman gave his historic recogni-tion, and I am proud to say that Amer-ica continues to stand unshakably with our allies. On December 6, 2017, President Trump rightly recognized Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and announced that the U.S. Embassy would be moving to Je-rusalem, implementing the Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 that was adopted overwhelmingly by Congress. I have long advocated and supported the United States to take these two ac-tions which are required to rectify a historic injustice. Jerusalem has been the eternal cap-ital of the Jewish people for over 3,000 years and the capital of the Jewish state since its founding in 1948. I recently introduced a resolution re-affirming the deep connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem and denouncing efforts at UNESCO that have attempted to rewrite historic truth and to erase from history undeni-able facts. I am also proud my home State of Texas adopted legislation on Israel Independence Day last year to combat the anti-Israel Boycott, Divest-ment, and Sanctions, the BDS move-ment. On May 14, 2018, exactly seven decades since President Truman recog-nized Israel, the United States will fi-nally and formally recognize as much and open our Embassy in Jerusalem. I, along with many millions across our Nation and across the world, look forward to that day, and we stand in al-liance and solidarity with the people of Israel, celebrating the great friendship, the great national security alliance be-tween two great nations. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING JOHN A . WILLIAMS  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, the Senate is a great place. It is a great honor to be able to speak here, whether you are discussing your beliefs on an issue of major importance, honoring a friend, or, on rare occasions but all too often when you get to be my age, pay-ing tribute to someone who has given so much and passed away. Such happened in my State this past Monday, on the 16th of April, when John A. Williams died. He was 74 years old. John Williams was a giant in every way in our State. He was a giant entre-preneur. He founded two great compa-nies, one of them called Post Prop-erties, the largest apartment REIT on the New York Stock Exchange. He started it in 1993 and built it to new heights. Most recently, a few years ago, he started PAC, Preferred Apartment Communities, a REIT also, and he did the same with it—employing thousands of people, building thousands of units for housing in America. He set the pace of housing in his ca-reer. I don’t know how many people have noticed that in the suburbs of all major cities today, office parks and apartment complexes of any size are now some of the most beautifully landscaped places in the community. Thirty years ago, nobody planted a stick. Nobody planted a shrub. Nobody planted a flower. John Williams became the largest importer of Holland bulbs in the United States of America. Every spring, tulips blossomed at Post Properties apart-ment buildings. In fact, he changed the advertising mode for apartments. In-stead of calling them apartments, he called them apartment homes because he wanted his apartments and all the rental units to be looked upon by the people who lived there as their home. He sold that concept and built that concept and replicated it over and over, and it became the standard in Georgia. I have traveled the country, and it has become the standard all over the coun-try in terms of apartment houses and landscaping for major commercial properties. He was a great entrepreneur, building two great companies and helping thou-sands of other people in many other ways to build their companies. He was a great father, a great hus-band, and a great family man. His wife Nancy is a wonderful ‘‘first lady’’ in our community. Parker, Sarah Brook, and Jay, his children, are all great con-tributors to our community. They all know how lucky they are to have had such a great father. He was a great sportsman. When I say a great sportsman, I mean a great sportsman. He built Ranger, a replica of the 1937 America’s Cup winner, one of the biggest yachts in the world, and sailed the world on that yacht and won races all around. Also as a sportsman, he was a minor-ity owner of the Atlanta Falcons. He invested with Arthur Blank in the At-lanta Falcons. They almost got to the Super Bowl—they got to the Super Bowl; they just couldn’t finish the drill with the Patriots. One day we are going to figure out a way to do that, and I hope, in memory of John, we will be able to do it for him. John was a community man. Who have you ever heard of in your lifetime who, in the same lifetime, was presi-dent of two different competing cham-bers of commerce, next door to each other? He was twice the president of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.032 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2246 April 18, 2018 
the DeKalb County Chamber of Com-merce. While running Post Properties and PAC communities, while doing all of the things he did with his family, while racing his boat and owning the Falcons, he built two great chambers of commerce and sought others to come to the communities where he was prospering and helped build their busi-nesses. Then he became president of the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce. The Atlanta and DeKalb County Cham-bers of Commerce are the one and two largest chambers in our State. Instead of fighting each other, he brought them together. He was a builder, he was a giant, but also a broker of common interests. He found the good in every opportunity and tried to sell the good and forget about the bad. He tried to bring out the best in everybody. I never made a deal with John Williams or saw a deal that he had made—I never saw anybody leave the closing table who didn’t feel good. His knack was to be sure that if you left the closing table and you had a check, you felt good about it, and if you had just written a check, you felt good about it. He wasn’t a win-lose per-son, he was a win-win person, and that is why he was such a great business-man and such a great entrepreneur. He was a great friend and a giant of a friend to me. I met him 50 years ago next month. This may sound funny, but it is a great story. He worked for the Georgia Power Company, and I worked for a small real estate company called Northside Realty Associates. Our first two jobs—his with Georgia Power and mine with Northside—were to hold open the total electric house of the year in 1967. That meant that we drew the last straw, and every night, from 6 p.m. until 9 p.m., we held the houses open in hopes that someone would come to look at them. The electric utilities hoped someone would build a totally electric house. It was a mar-keting tool. It was the first time they had ever done it, and we enjoyed doing it and I got to know John. I remember the nights when John talked about what he wanted to be, how he wanted to build a company, how he wanted to be an entrepreneur, how he wanted to be a real estate de-veloper, and how he wanted to make things better. We got to be good friends. In fact, I sold him a 4-acre piece of land where he built the house he lived in for years before he built the home he was in today. I participated with him in another real estate trans-action he did and helped him with some of the properties he put together. I al-ways found him to be a win-win guy. He was my friend, he was my sup-porter, and he was my confidante. He was also my greatest critic. Every poli-tician in America should be lucky enough to have a John Williams, be-cause John will tell you what you want to hear, but he tells you what you don’t want to hear. When you are on the wrong track, he will straighten you out. Sure, he could write checks all day long. But the Presiding Officer and I know that it is not just the checks that they write. It is the advice they give, and it is the passions they have. When you find somebody who has a passion for their family, a passion for building businesses, a passion for their commu-nity, and a passion for everything that is good about America, you have found somebody you want to keep close to you. For 50 years, I stayed close to John Williams. When I got the news about John Wil-liams before I boarded a plane on Mon-day to come up here, I started crying— that is how close he was to me—but so did everybody else I ran into that day or have talked to on the phone since being back home. Everybody misses John and was shocked by his going. But realizing the troubles and the dif-ficulties that he had had in recent years—back surgeries and things of that nature—and realizing, like all of us do at that age, when you are 74, which I am, that you know time is run-ning out. You just don’t know how fast it is running out. But it is a good ex-ample of how you always want to be ready whenever that day comes and know the legacy you left was a better legacy than the one you inherited. John was a man of modest means at his birth. When he graduated from high school in the public schools of Georgia and went to the Georgia Institute of Technology—better known as Georgia Tech—he graduated with debt and a modest means but with great values and great principles. The story about the flowers was all because of his mom, who wanted to landscape everything and make it look pretty and beautiful—proof that it didn’t take a lot of money to make things look good; it took a lot of heart. I am sad today, and all of Georgia is sad today, and they will be even sadder on Monday when we say good-bye to John Williams. But all of us should hope and all of us should pray that all of us have the time in our lives to know somebody as good, as decent, as honorable, and as compassionate for their community and as a lover of their country as John A. Williams of At-lanta, GA, my good friend. God bless you, John, and God bless the United States of America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. 
NOMINATION OF JAMES BRIDENSTINE  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I am here to join Ranking Member N
ELSON  and my colleagues to voice my opposi-tion to J
AMES BRIDENSTINE , who has been nominated to be the next Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. NASA is an agency that has been at the center of our Nation’s modern his-tory and impacts the daily lives of mil-lions of Americans. The world watched in awe as Neil Armstrong took that first step onto the surface of the Moon in July of 1969, wearing a NASA patch on his spacesuit. Today, we marvel at photos of Pluto’s surface, captured by NASA’s New Horizons mission in July of 2015. From the closest to the far-thest reaches of our own solar system, NASA is always there. NASA is at a critical point in its his-tory, and that is because the United States is poised to unleash the next great feat of human innovation as we look to unlock the true possibilities of space. To accomplish these goals, we need a solid foundation, and that starts and ends with the science conducted at NASA every single day. NASA’s mis-sion involves not just revealing far-away worlds but investigating the re-alities of our own. In order to truly do that, we need continued scientific re-search of the highest caliber. The scientists working at NASA today are among the very best in the world. NASA, in partnership with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration, or NOAA, produces and analyzes the most robust data we have on our planet’s changing climate. The OCO–3 program monitors Earth’s at-mospheric carbon levels. The CLARREO Pathfinder mission meas-ures Earth’s atmospheric heat. The Deep Space Climate Observatory sat-ellite provides our scientists com-prehensive data sets that are crucial to understanding the vast changes that are underway on our own planet this very second. On NASA’s website right now, there is a web page entitled ‘‘Scientific Con-sensus: Earth’s Climate is Warming.’’ On this web page, based on NASA’s vast collection of data, it continues, ‘‘The impacts of climate change are al-ready occurring. Sea levels are rising, and snow and ice cover is decreasing. . . . The warming climate likely will cause more floods, droughts and heat waves. The heat waves may get hotter, and hurricanes may get stronger.’’ Those are NASA’s words, and we know them to be true because science has proved it. NASA’s science is the gold standard. Its scientific work is crucial to our un-derstanding the threat that climate change poses to our Nation, our econ-omy, and the health of all Americans and people around the world. But Hous-ton, we have a problem. NASA’s science, NASA’s missions, and Amer-ican leadership will all be in serious jeopardy if JAMES BRIDENSTINE is con-firmed to be the next Administrator of NASA. Under his leadership, NASA would come to stand for ‘‘not accepting scientific advice.’’ Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s record is one of questioning climate change and undermining science. He has repeatedly questioned the scientific consensus and the threats of climate change. Before changing his website, it stated: ‘‘Global warming theories should not drive na-tional energy policy without clearer evidence.’’ Global warming isn’t the-ory; it is based on science. Unfortu-nately, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ’s words do not reflect the accepted science behind cli-mate change, including the very 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.033 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2247 April 18, 2018 
science that NASA has been collecting and needs to continue to collect. Under President Trump, we know that fear is rampant across the Federal Government among scientists. It is no surprise that the environmental and scientific communities across the country are asking that we vote down Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s nomina-tion based on his voting record and his clear denial of accepted science. If Mr. B
RIDENSTINE is confirmed as the Ad-ministrator of NASA, he will bring that fear to its scientists at a time when we need them more than ever. It is not only his views on science that make him unsuitable to lead NASA. NASA’s workforce is comprised of more than 18,000 workers who iden-tify as gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, and queer. NASA has offi-cially stated that ‘‘diversity and inclu-sion are integral to mission success.’’ In a 2013 speech on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, Congressman B
RIDENSTINE declared: ‘‘Marriage exists to bring a man and a woman together as husband and wife, to be a father and mother to children.’’ He has stated re-peatedly that he would support a con-stitutional amendment defining mar-riage as between one man and one woman. Congressman B
RIDENSTINE ’s personal views and voting record against people who identify as LGBTQ should imme-diately disqualify him from consider-ation for leading this diverse agency. NASA is an agency of inspiration, an agency that showcases the very best of American ideals: scientific integrity, innovation, diversity, fearlessness, re-solve, and hope. Mr. B
RIDENSTINE puts these ideals at risk and is not qualified to lead this agency. I urge my colleagues to oppose his nomination. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. I yield back. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMEMORATING VAISAKHI  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to recognize and cele-brate with my Sikh friends, my con-stituents, and friends from the Sikh community of Pennsylvania and be-yond. I start with the acknowledgment that my pronunciation of certain words may be off, and I hope I will be for-given. I am delighted to have so many won-derful representatives of the Sikh com-munity here with us in Washington. I thank them. I thank Raj Singh and all of the members of the Sikh community of Pennsylvania who made this trip down to Washington, DC, to participate in a celebration for an important holi-day and to raise awareness about the Sikh community. Sikhism has been around for nearly 600 years and originated in the Punjab region of India in the 15th century. Today, there are about 30 million Sikhs who live in countries all around the world, making it one of the world’s largest religions. Sikhism is rooted in the belief that every single person— every individual—regardless of race, gender, sex, or creed, is equal before God. Sikhism was introduced in the United States in the 19th century. Today, there are about 700,000 Sikhs who live in the United States, and a large number of Sikhs reside in Penn-sylvania. In fact, there are several Sikh places of worship, known as gurdwara, and they are located throughout Pennsylvania—in Philadel-phia, Pittsburgh, Allentown, and Erie. In my many travels across Pennsyl-vania, I have had an opportunity to meet with and get to know hard-work-ing Sikh constituents. I can tell you they are close-knit, vibrant commu-nities, deeply committed to their fami-lies—fully American while, at the same time, preserving some wonderful and often very old traditions. The Sikhs constitute a part of the rich, cultural fabric of the Commonwealth of Penn-sylvania, and I am grateful to them for what they add to my State. A few years back, I was proud to join the American Sikh Congressional Cau-cus. As a member of this caucus, we honor and recognize the Sikh holiday of Vaisakhi. The holiday itself is usu-ally celebrated on the first day of the month of Vaisakhi, which just occurred last week on Saturday, April 14. Vaisakhi is a special occasion for Sikhs to remember the founding in 1699 of the Khalsa Panth. The Khalsa were a fel-lowship of devout ‘‘saint-soldier’’ Sikhs who played an important role in shap-ing the religion’s history and its iden-tity. The holiday also recognizes the spring harvest. Sikhs recognize this important holiday with parades, with dancing, with singing, and with other festivities, as well as with volunteer service, especially volunteering meals to those in need and other forms of community service. This year, the Sikh Coordination Committee East Coast, with the sup-port of the U.S. Congressional Sikh Caucus, has organized a parade in Washington on May 19 to commemo-rate Vaisakhi as National Sikh Day. The theme of the parade is the Sikh identity, the Sikh culture, the Sikh way of life, and thousands of Sikhs from all over the United States will be participating. I am proud of the Sikh communities of Pennsylvania, and I wish the Sikh community much luck in the parade and a very joyous Vaisakhi. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING BARBARA BUSH  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, yesterday, our country lost a bright, caring, independent lady, and my wife, Honey, and I lost a good friend. Bar-bara Bush set a wonderful example as mom, wife, First Lady, and advocate for adult literacy. We express to the Bush family our sympathy and great respect for the life of Barbara Bush. Jon Meacham wrote the biography of George H.W. Bush, Barbara Bush’s hus-band, to great acclaim. He had access to the diaries of President Bush and Barbara Bush that was almost unparal-leled in any Presidential biographer’s experience. So it was a plain and un-varnished biography that told us a lot about those two individuals. I thought a better name for Jon Meacham’s book—it was named ‘‘Destiny and Power,’’ and it must have been prop-erly named because it sold a lot—would be ‘‘The Last Gentleman.’’ If I were to make a really accurate suggestion about the title for the book, I would call it ‘‘The Last Gentleman and His Lady’’ or maybe ‘‘The Last Gentleman and His Very Independent Lady’’ be-cause Barbara Bush was a very inde-pendent lady. I remember it was 1991. It was a sunny day, and we were walking on the south lawn of the White House. I was the Education Secretary, and I was walking with the President and Mrs. Bush to the announcement of his GI Bill for Kids, which was a school choice program for low-income children. As we walked along, Barbara Bush turned to President Bush and said, ‘‘George, you’ve got on the wrong pants.’’ He had a suit coat on from one suit, and he had pants on from another suit. So she said to the President ‘‘You go on back in and change clothes, and Lamar and I will wait here for you,’’ which we did and he did. On another occasion, President Bush invited my wife and me to join Barbara and the President at Ford’s theater. Of course, the President traveled with great security in a big car. As the pro-tocol goes, he got out first, and as she was about to get out, she said, ‘‘I’ll get the door, George.’’ On still another occasion, I was sit-ting next to Barbara and George Bush, and the President was called on to make some remarks. He leaned over to his wife and said, ‘‘Barbara, what should I talk about?’’ And she whis-pered very loudly, ‘‘About five min-utes, George.’’ Barbara Bush was quite a woman. She said what she thought. When the second one of her sons decided to run for President, she was reported to have said, ‘‘We’ve had enough Bushes.’’ When I ran for President in 1999 against her other son, I made what I thought—certainly by today’s stand-ards—some very mild comments dis-agreeing about something, and I heard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.035 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2248 April 18, 2018 
from Barbara Bush about what I had said about her son, George W. Bush. Not many of us think how difficult it must be to be the spouse of a President of the United States with all that one goes through, but think how much harder it must also be to be the mother of a President of the United States and the mother of another distinguished son who was Governor of a large State and who ran for President of the United States. Barbara Bush was the anchor of her family, and a very suc-cessful and remarkable family it was. I was Education Secretary for Presi-dent Bush in 1991 when the National Literacy Act was enacted. Let’s use Barbara’s own words to define the event. She wrote in her memoir, ‘‘I must say I got more credit than I de-serve.’’ I don’t agree with that, but she con-tinued: 
I heard that George was going to give the pen to me, but before he could, Senator Simon spoke up and said, ‘‘That pen ought to go to Barbara.’’ I donated it to the George Bush Presidential Library Center. In the end, however it’s not pens and pictures that count; it’s the National Literacy Act that really counts. It was the first piece of legis-lation—and to date, the only one—ever en-acted specifically for literacy with the goal of ensuring that every American adult ac-quires the basic literacy skills necessary to achieve the greatest possible satisfaction professionally and personally. But even more than that, the act seeks to strengthen our nation by giving us more productive workers and informed citizens. 
In his biography of President George H.W. Bush, John Meacham wrote of a ‘‘generational controversy,’’ in his words, that Barbara Bush endured in May of 1990. She was invited to Welles-ley College to speak at graduation and receive an honorary degree, but she was being criticized by Wellesley’s young women, as President Bush put in his own diary—these are President Bush’s words—‘‘because she hasn’t made it on her own—she’s where she is because she’s her husband’s wife. What’s wrong with the fact that she’s a good mother,’’ President Bush wrote in his diary, ‘‘a good wife, great volun-teer, great leader for literacy and other fine causes? Nothing. But to listen to these elitist kids there is.’’ Meacham writes: 
Mrs. Bush invited [Mrs.] Gorbachev along with her to Wellesley. There, [she] con-fronted the issues of work versus family and the role of women head-on, delivering a well- received commencement address. 
She put the audience at ease early on by saying: One day, I am sure that someone in this audience will grow up to become a spouse of the President of the United States, and I wish him well. Meacham continues: 
‘‘Maybe we should adjust faster, maybe we should adjust slower,’’ she told the grad-uates. ‘‘But whatever the era, whatever the times, one thing will never change: Fathers and mothers, if you have children—they must come first. You must read to your chil-dren, and you must hug your children, and you must love your children. Your success as a family, our success as a society depends not on what happens in the White House, but on what happens inside your house.’’ Barbara Bush said that to the Welles-ley graduates in 1990. The country is expressing to the Bush family, as I am trying to today, our great respect for Barbara Bush’s life. President Bush, George H.W. Bush, has sent a response to those of us who sent our condolences, and I would like to close with the President’s own words about his wife Barbara. This is what George H.W. Bush said: 
I always knew Barbara was the most be-loved woman in the world, and in fact I used to tease her that I had a complex about that fact. But the truth is the outpouring of love and friendship being directed at The En-forcer is lifting us all up. We have faith she is in heaven, and we know life will go on—as she would have it. So cross the Bushes off your worry list. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Wash-ington. Mrs. MURRAY. I ask for the yeas and nays on the pending nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Muniz nomina-tion? The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 55, nays 43, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 79 Ex.] YEAS—55 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—2 
Duckworth McCain 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
NOMINATION OF MIKE POMPEO  
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, over the past 24 hours we have learned of a high-level meeting between Director Pompeo—Mike Pompeo, the Presi-dent’s nominee to become Secretary of State—and Kim Jong Un, the leader— the tyrant leader—of North Korea, who has threatened to use nuclear weapons not only against our allies but against the United States and has a growing capability in his efforts to do just that. We have also seen incredible partisan obstruction threatened on his nomina-tion. The absurd levels of partisanship in this Chamber are a stain on our in-stitution. We see it at every level of nominations, from ambassadorships to commissions to boards. Now we see it at the level of the Secretary of State, a position that will be instrumental in denuclearizing the North Korean re-gime. Director Pompeo had his confirma-tion hearing last week before the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee. We now know that his testimony at this committee hearing took place after he had visited Kim Jong Un, and in this committee hearing, he made it very clear that our goal remains the com-plete and verifiable irreversible denuclearization. That is the stated goal, confirmed by Director Pompeo: the complete and verifiable irreversible denuclearization of North Korea. Yet we now have people threatening to stop this nomination at a critical time when we face a nuclear threat that is the greatest this country has seen since the Cuban Missile Crisis. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle would decide to deny this country its top State Department dip-lomat. Let me describe what some of our colleagues have said who have claimed now that they are going to vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State but who, just a few months back, voted to confirm Mike Pompeo. One of my colleagues who is voting against Direc-tor Pompeo for Secretary of State has admitted that Director Pompeo has been a ‘‘solid manager’’ of the CIA, saying: 
I voted for him to head the CIA and don’t wish I had that vote back. I think he has a background in intel and has been a solid manager there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.038 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2249 April 18, 2018 
Another colleague, who tried to criti-cize Director Pompeo’s diversity poli-cies at the CIA, was met with this re-sponse from Director Pompeo, who ex-plained at the hearing that those types of complaints decreased under his lead-ership. Mike Pompeo stated: ‘‘The number of—we call them ‘no fear com-plaints’—the statutory requirement de-creased from 2016 to 2017 by 40 per-cent.’’ Director Pompeo further explained: ‘‘I’m proud of the record . . . the work that my team has done on this.’’ So concerns about diversity policies was refuted at the committee hearing. Another Senator seems worried that Mike Pompeo is conducting diplomacy and said: ‘‘Pompeo is the wrong person to be engaging in diplomacy.’’ The nominee to be Secretary of State is the wrong person to be conducting diplomacy? Perhaps we need somebody working at the Department of Trans-portation. Maybe that is the person they want to conduct diplomacy. Building interstates—maybe that is who they think should be conducting diplomacy. I would rather have some-body who has been nominated to be Secretary of State to be conducting di-plomacy—somebody who has an out-standing background in the military, somebody who stood in Europe during the height of the Cold War, standing on the iron wall. This is a time when we ought to be doing everything we can to confirm a Secretary of State—somebody who has had meetings already with Kim Jong Un, who has an understanding of what has to happen to achieve what Kim Jong Un has said—denuclearization—to achieve what is the goal of this coun-try, the stated goal that is already en-shrined in law: complete and verifiable irreversible denuclearization. To simply oppose his nomination for partisan purposes is wrong. We have seen it time and again. What we have is a simple partisan effort to derail the top diplomat, who is already engaged in top-level negotiations about denuclearization with the most signifi-cant threat this country has seen since the Cuban Missile Crisis. This country deserves better. Certainly this institu-tion can do better. We have somebody in Mike Pompeo with a solid background, an under-standing of diplomacy and, clearly, the intelligence background through his time at the CIA, and now he would be denied this opportunity simply because of his political affiliation. This country deserves better. I urge my colleagues to stop this ab-surd obstruction and confirm Mike Pompeo, and let’s get to work achiev-ing what could be lasting peace on the Korean Peninsula. That time is now, and I urge my colleagues to take the opportunity for peace. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —COAST GUARD  
AUTHORIZATION LEGISLATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, the Senate routinely reauthorizes the Coast Guard, much like the Defense act. It shouldn’t be a terribly partisan issue. It never has been. We all deeply respect the work of the Coast Guard and recognize the heroism of the men and women who serve in that capacity. But, unfortunately, the Republican majority slipped a poison pill rider into this otherwise noncontroversial bill that would repeal part of the Clean Water Act. That is why the Coast Guard reauthorization bill failed today. The rider would prohibit the EPA and the States from regulating pollu-tion and invasive species from the bal-last water of large vessels. Instead, it would let the Coast Guard set regula-tions—an agency that doesn’t have the environmental expertise of the EPA. This is a massive change to the Clean Water Act. The Clean Water Act has worked well for decades because the States drive in-novation and enforcement in partner-ship with the EPA. Under this law, States would no longer be able to do that. The idea of States’ rights goes out the window. I have visited many different parts of my State, in Upstate New York, where invasive species have long plagued communities, or parts of Long Island, where toxic chemicals and algae plague the bays and beaches. They hurt our clamming industry severely. They hurt businesses, they hurt tourism, and they hurt fishing as well—you name it. We believe the rider will cost many States tens of billions of dollars in lost economic activity. Let me repeat that. Many States will lose tens of billions of dollars in economic activity because of this rider. Let me also say this about small rec-reational fishermen—and New York State is third in the number of rec-reational pleasure boats. No one is pro-posing to hurt the little guy. That is why Democrats are ready to perma-nently exempt them from vessel dis-charge requirements. Finally, let me make a point about progress and regular order. The vessel discharge provisions in this bill violate the regular order of the Senate. This is a matter under the jurisdiction of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, not the Commerce Committee. There was no consultation with the EPW minority on this provision. There were no hearings. Instead, the Com-merce Committee inserted these provi-sions into the Coast Guard reauthoriza-tion bill over the objection of many Democrats. So I will be offering shortly to pass a clean Coast Guard reauthorization bill by unanimous consent. It includes a permanent exemption from discharge requirements for small recreational fishermen. Democrats are ready to pass this Coast Guard bill as is, without the poison pill environmental rider. Mr. President, as in legislative ses-sion, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment at the desk to the McCon-nell motion to concur with amendment No. 2232 be called up and made in order; that the amendment be agreed to; that the motion to concur with amendment No. 2232, as amended, be agreed to; and that the motion to refer and all other amendments be withdrawn. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, there is no objection to the Senate considering an amendment to strike the VIDA lan-guage. We have offered our colleagues the opportunity to vote on this amend-ment all week, and if the Senate needs to speak on the question of whether to include the VIDA language in the Coast Guard bill, I would welcome that debate and a fair up-or-down vote. There are many supporters of this lan-guage from both sides of the aisle, and I am confident the amendment would be defeated. I would ask the Senator to revise his request: That the Senate resume con-sideration of the Coast Guard legisla-tion; that the amendment to strike the VIDA provision be made pending and the Senate vote on the amendment prior to a vote on the motion to concur with further amendment. So would the Senator be willing to modify? Mr. SCHUMER. I will not. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the original request? Mr. M
CCONNELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The majority leader. 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, today Senate Democrats have filibus-tered legislation to reauthorize funding for our Coast Guard. In a dangerous world, the brave men and women of the Coast Guard are al-ways ready for the call, whether it be to interdict drugs, to secure our ports, or to conduct daring maritime rescues. They deserve our support. They don’t deserve a filibuster for the sake of po-litical posturing. So let’s have a little plain talk about why the bill failed. Democrats filibustered this legisla-tion because it contains an eminently sensible, bipartisan provision to streamline regulations for the mari-ners and vessel operators who drive America’s maritime economy. It would cut back on duplicative rules and over-lapping enforcement and provide a uni-form standard that protects the envi-ronment and commerce alike. If this sounds like a commonsense, bipartisan measure, that is because that is exactly what it is. This legisla-tion has been favorably reported by the Commerce Committee six times—six 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.048 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2250 April 18, 2018 
times—during the last three Con-gresses, including when our Demo-cratic friends controlled the com-mittee. You might think that would be enough around here to get a bill passed. But earlier today, a number of the very same Democrats who cospon-sored this very legislation, in this very Congress, flip-flopped under partisan pressure and voted against it. In fact, if all of the Senate Democrats who are currently cosponsors of this provision had voted for the bill, the cloture mo-tion would have passed. Let me say that again. If the cosponsors of this measure in this Congress had voted for the bill, the cloture motion would have passed. If only those Democrats who had put their name on this provision would have actually followed through and voted for it, the filibuster would be over. Look, our constituents sent us here to stand for their interests. In land-locked States like Kentucky and Mis-souri, thousands and thousands of jobs depend on our inland waterways. In coastal States like Delaware, Wash-ington, and Florida, major ports enable hundreds of billions of dollars of U.S. commerce. Of course, the people of Ha-waii rely on shipping for everything from groceries to gasoline. In all of these States, and elsewhere, I know workers and job creators were excited about the prospect of reform in this area. How do I know that? Be-cause, in several cases, they success-fully persuaded their own Democratic Senators to support it—or so it had seemed, until today. You know, Americans might be for-given for thinking that persuading their Senator to go out of their way and cosponsor a bill would be the same thing as persuading them to actually vote for it. Apparently, where several of my Democratic colleagues are con-cerned, that is simply not the case be-cause when party leaders came calling and asked my colleagues to put party- line obstruction politics ahead of their constituents’ best interests, they fold-ed. This is what people don’t like about this town. Well, my Democratic friends’ polit-ical priorities may have shifted—away from the people they are elected to fight for and toward leftwing pressure groups. But the merits of the issue have not changed, so the Senate will consider this issue further and will vote on this legislation again. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to speak tonight because I did not support the Coast Guard bill as it came out of committee. We wanted to see changes to it, and the legislation that was brought up and the final lan-guage on Monday night gave our col-leagues very little time to consider it. Washington State is very proud of the rich maritime heritage the Coast Guard provides, and our fishermen, Tribes, shipbuilders, sea trade, and thriving coastal tourism all count on us to work together for our maritime economy. Thousands of Pacific Northwest fish-ermen call Washington State home, with over 35,000 Washington State jobs supported by Alaska fisheries. The ports of Tacoma and Seattle are com-bined to be the fourth largest container gateway in the United States. The Coast Guard plays a pivotal role in national security, in fishing, in over-seeing and, in many ways, keeping our waterways safe. That is why we would love to see a Coast Guard bill which moves forward without the controver-sial pieces of language that are in-cluded. I know many of my colleagues have thought this is a way to get our col-leagues from the Midwest, and other places, to just swallow wholesale huge changes that could cost our economy billions of dollars—such as the zebra mussel, which alone would cost $6.4 bil-lion a year, and an ecosystem full of rampant and sometimes toxic algae growth, which would and destroy recre-ation. This is from a letter regarding the Coast Guard Authorization Act. I would like to see us move forward tonight on the things we can agree on— Why? Because I know these things are important as well—and continue to work on a resolution for some of the thornier issues that still remain. I would like to see us move forward. I would like to see a recapitalization of the Coast Guard icebreaker and Polar Star. The Polar Star is homeported in Seattle and is operational only for our heavy icebreaker capabilities. This bill also includes language to improve the Coast Guard oversight of ships that pose an oilspill risk, which is a constant threat to us in Puget Sound and throughout the West, given the large amount of oil traffic that comes through Puget Sound out our strait. The bill also includes language to strengthen paid family leave policies at the Coast Guard. We just had the commandant nominee before the Com-merce Committee. One of the reasons I questioned him on the paid family leave strategies and moving forward is that I want to give him every tool to continue to keep the workforce of women that they have in the Coast Guard. His commitment to me is that they would love to see this strength-ened paid family leave policy in the un-derlying Coast Guard bill. Why not give that to them tonight? Our Coast Guard families should not be forced to choose between serving their country and supporting their families, and this bill would be a good step forward. Lastly, this bill includes bipartisan language that would help us protect shipyard jobs by making sure we fix the problem related to Dakota Creek and also making sure our permanent fishing vessel exemptions would be al-lowed in this legislation. I know we face challenges on contin-ued definitions of best technology. But that is better than having a definition that exists in the underlying bill, which I think we should separate the good policy from, that would really make no indication or an economic analysis that would leave us with the Great Lakes, and many areas, without the kind of clean water that will allow us to continue to do good science and good fishery policy in that area of the United States. I hope we can move forward on the policies that my colleagues know we can get agreement on. I just heard the debate between the majority leader and Senator S
CHUMER , so I understand there is an objection to moving the Coast Guard bill. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST  
I have a bill at the desk to improve the regulation of certain vessels, and I ask unanimous consent, as in legisla-tive session, that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration, that the bill be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, let me just make one correction for the record that my friend, the Democratic leader, brought up earlier and which has been alluded to by the Senator from Washington. The issue was a matter under the ju-risdiction of the Commerce Committee, and for the information of the Senate, this part of the bill has been intro-duced as a stand-alone bill. Senate bill 168 was referred to the Commerce Com-mittee and not the EPW Committee, and the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Committee agrees with that. So this argument that some-how this is not under the committee’s jurisdiction is one I would raise as an objection to the request of Senator from Washington. Secondly, as I think the Senator from Washington knows, we have worked tirelessly with every member of our committee on both sides of the aisle and Members off the committee. Furthermore, I think we have accom-modated every request the Senator from Washington has made on this bill, and we have involved her in all these discussions. My understanding was that as a result of that consultation and those discussions on the bill, she was going to vote in favor of the bill. Now what she wants to do is take out those pieces of a very carefully nego-tiated bill that she doesn’t like and pass just the provisions that she likes. It would be great if, here in the U.S. Senate, we could all do that. But that doesn’t happen around here. We carefully negotiated this, with great input from the Senator from Washington, and it was my under-standing that the Senator from Wash-ington was going to vote for this pack-age. I object to picking out the pieces 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.050 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2251 April 18, 2018 
that we like and not working with the collaborative process that has involved both Republicans and Democrats, both on the committee and off the com-mittee, to bring a bill to the floor that enjoyed 65 votes in support until this afternoon. Politics is being played here—pure and simple, nothing more, nothing less, nothing else. I object to the Senator’s request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I thank my colleague, who I know con-siders the efforts of the Commerce Committee as great, hard work, and I appreciate his hard work. As I men-tioned, I did not support the bill as it came out of committee. I know there are things we are trying to work on to keep this process mov-ing. But I would say to my colleague, the small vessel discharge bill has been something that has been part of an ex-emption process related to this for a long time. It has been considered many times over. Our fishermen need the cer-tainty of this. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST  
I have a bill at the desk related to the application of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and ask unani-mous consent that, as in legislative session, the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration; that the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I would simply say this is peeling out pieces of the bill that one Senator in this Chamber likes and basically telling every other Sen-ator on both sides of the aisle, Repub-licans and Democrats who negotiated this, to go pound sand: We don’t like the provisions that have been nego-tiated on both sides, very carefully, over months. I might add, this bill has been intro-duced and dealt with at the committee level during five different Congresses— five different Congresses. This year, it has passed not once, but twice, out of the Senate Commerce Committee by a voice vote. It seems to me, at least, that even after it came out of the committee, the fact that we negotiated this with the Senator from Washington and multiple Senators on the other side of the aisle, both on and off the committee, to come up with a balanced package that en-joyed broad bipartisan support—65 votes—until this afternoon, suggests to me this is purely politics being played with this legislation. This is an important bill. This is the Coast Guard. This is VIDA. VIDA was referred to the Commerce Committee by the Parliamentarian. We have worked with the Commerce Com-mittee; we have worked with the EPW Committee; we have worked with the EPA. The EPA is supporting the solu-tion. This is not the political-level EPA; these are the career folks at the EPA who support the solution we have come up with. Yet we run into these objections that are all of a sudden—all of a sudden—coming up out of thin air. So, Mr. President, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I see my colleague from the Midwest is on the floor, and I am sure he has some-thing to say about this. But I would just say to the chairman of the Com-merce Committee: You are right. Years and years of discussion about ballast water has been a challenge. The question tonight is whether we are going to hold up other legislation just to get that language or to push through a proposal that really doesn’t give security for our waters not to be polluted or to be greatly impacted or to threaten the sea life and the oppor-tunities for a vibrant waterway in many parts of the country. All I am trying to do, as I have al-ways tried to do, is be constructive in the process—both in the Commerce Committee with this issue and for the very issues that affect the Coast Guard and the Pacific Northwest. I know this will not be the last time we hear about the fishing vessel issue. I am sure we will hear about it many times because it has been on the cal-endar. So we will continue this discus-sion, but I thank him for at least com-ing here tonight to discuss these issues. There are other issues that are being held up as hostage in this legisla-tion, and they shouldn’t be held hos-tage. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION BILL  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank both Senator T
HUNE and Senator C ANT-
WELL for their exchange back and forth. I especially appreciate Senator C
ANTWELL ’s work. I grew up an hour and a half away from Lake Erie and saw, in the 1960s, what that lake looked like. For 10 years, I lived in a home near Lake Erie, and I saw the improve-ments we made. This bill, unfortu-nately, with that amendment sets us back. We need to keep invasive species out of Lake Erie, and we need to pass a Coast Guard bill. There is no reason we can’t do both. I want to speak to that in a moment. First, I want to speak on how vital Lake Erie is to my State. Fifty percent of the fish in all the Great Lakes con-sider Lake Erie their habitat. The water is critical to farming, clean en-ergy development, industry, and re-gional economic competitiveness. From tourism in Catawba and Put-in- Bay, to fishing in Marblehead, to vaca-tions and family reunions at Maumee Bay State Park, Lake Erie benefits our communities and creates jobs in Ohio. For more than half a century—I am going back to when I was a kid in the 1960s and saw what Lake Erie looked like—keeping our lake healthy has been a constant struggle. Where I lived on Lake Erie, the lake was about 50 to 60 feet deep. Moving west toward To-ledo, the lake is about 30 feet deep. Contrast that with Lake Superior, which is 600 feet deep, and you can see the challenge of keeping Lake Erie clean, and you can see the vulnerabil-ity of that lake. That is the reason for the algal blooms. That is the reason that Lake Erie has had the most dif-ficult issues facing its aquatic life. Runoff that causes harmful algal blooms and invasive species are threats we battle every year. That is why Senator PORTMAN and I came to this floor and fought back against the President’s budget 2 years in a row when the President was going to cut close to $300 million from the Great Lakes Initiative. Two years in a row, Senator P
ORTMAN and I fought back against it because we know that cleaning up Lake Erie is something we did in the sixties, but keeping Lake Erie clean is something we do in the seventies, eighties, nineties, into this century, and into this millennium. The Great Lakes are home to more than 185 non-native species. By some estimates, invasive species cause $5 bil-lion in damages to the Great Lakes every single year. A provision that would make our fight against invasive species harder has been added to the bill to reauthorize our Coast Guard. That is why I voted no earlier today. As much as I want Coast Guard reau-thorization, my first responsibility, other than looking out for working families in Ohio every day, is to keep the greatest natural resource in the country clean—my part of the Great Lakes, Lake Erie, the part that borders Ohio. This provision would make it easier for invasive species to enter our lakes, harm our drinking water, and threaten local jobs that depend on boating and fishing. Every year, I meet with the Lake Erie sea captains, boat captains. They talk about the beauty of the lake and the importance of the lake to their businesses and to all of us in Northern Ohio. This provision doesn’t belong in the Coast Guard bill. The Senate did the right thing by blocking it. Again I say I strongly support the Coast Guard reauthorization. I want to see it passed. I agree with Senator T
HUNE . I want it to be law. That is why it is critical that this provision be re-moved from the bill so Congress can move forward with supporting our Coast Guard without threatening the Great Lakes. Members of the Coast Guard surely think the same thing. This provision would eliminate the ability of Great Lakes States, such as Ohio, to set separate water quality standards to keep out invasive species. Tankers and cargo ships carry some-thing called ballast water with them to help with stability and smooth sailing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.051 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2252 April 18, 2018 
When they load on more cargo, they let out some of the water, and it flows out into whatever body of water they hap-pen to be in at that time. Think about these ships. In some sense, they are luxury liners for invasive species. They might be picked up off the coast of Japan. They might be picked up in the Indian Ocean. They might be picked up in the South Atlan-tic Ocean. They end up coming down the Saint Lawrence Seaway carrying this water with invasive species from around the world, and they release them into Lake Erie or into Lake On-tario or Lake Michigan or Lake Supe-rior or Lake Huron. It may not sound like a big deal if a ship takes on water with zebra mussels in the Caspian Sea off the coast of Rus-sia and lets them out in Lake Erie, but those little mussels do major damage to our lakes and our economy. Local governments and taxpayers end up pay-ing the price. This affects the beauty of Lake Erie and the cleanliness of its water. That is so important. It affects the economy because it costs local tax-payers money to clean up from these invasive species. They clog up water in-take pipes. They spike costs for local ratepayers. They make toxic algal blooms worse. When drinking water gets contaminated, the local water utility has to clean it up, and they pass on the cost. The fishing and tourism industries rely on Lake Erie and feel that pain. As I said, I remember how polluted Lake Erie looked when I was growing up. The Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative has made a real difference. We have made real progress cleaning up the lake’s tributaries, from the Black River, to the Cuyahoga River, to the Ashtabula River, to the Grand River, to the Maumee River, the largest tribu-tary feeding into any of the Great Lakes, draining 4 million acres west and south of Toledo. It has been a bi-partisan success story. The Great Lakes region contains 84 percent of North America’s surface freshwater and provides drinking water to tens of millions of Americans. It generates billions in economic activ-ity. Why would we risk that? Why would we risk that by voting for this bill? That is why Senator C
ANTWELL  was right. We need to pass a Coast Guard bill. We need to keep invasive species out of Lake Erie. We can do both by stripping this provision from the bill right away and move it forward and pass it. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, when we think about climate change— something we don’t do much of in this body—we often think about rising glob-al temperatures and heat waves, and we think of changing weather patterns, stronger storms, or sea level rise threatening coastal communities. We actually see these effects unfold across the United States and around the world as heat records fall, winters shrink, and waters creep ever higher along our coastlines. We also see the economic con-sequences of climate change. Just last year, the United States suffered a record 16 separate billion-dollar weath-er disasters, adding up to well over $300 billion in damages. Acidifying seawater has devastated shellfish harvests in the Pacific Northwest. Rhode Island fisher-men struggle as their traditional catches move farther north and off-shore. Insurers and bond rating agen-cies warn that coastal regions are be-coming too risky to build homes and infrastructure. Among those various hazards, there is another hazard: the effects of cli-mate change on public health. The Rhode Island Department of Health has produced this guide for Rhode Islanders to help them understand the health risks they face from climate change and to better learn how to protect themselves from what are often new risks. Perhaps the most obvious effect of climate change on public health is in-creased heat-related illness and mor-tality. This link has been well studied across the country, often cross-ref-erencing temperature records and death certificates. Work has been done by a lot of places; one of them is Rhode Island’s own Brown University. Here is the Rhode Island Health De-partment report. Over the last century, Rhode Island’s average temperature has already increased by more than 3 degrees Fahrenheit, and temperatures are expected to keep on climbing due to climate change. Currently, Rhode Is-land sees on average only about 10 days of 90-plus degree temperatures. Start-ing in the next decade and running through the end of the century, the number of days that the heat index will hit at least 90 degrees will rise to be-tween 13 and 44 days each summer. That is as much as 6 weeks in a sum-mer of heat in the nineties. That in-crease of hot summer days caused by climate change puts many Rhode Is-landers at risk, particularly those who don’t have air conditioning, either be-cause they can’t afford it or because, right now, they don’t need it. Heat waves are the leading cause of extreme weather-related deaths in the United States, causing an average of more than 600 deaths a year and thousands more hospitalizations. Rhode Island, even though we are in the Northeast, is not spared, and with climate change, it will only get worse. Hot days pose a health risk to many different groups of people, as shown here in Rhode Island’s Department of Health report. Children, the elderly, people who work outdoors, athletes, the disabled, pregnant women, and folks who are on medications that re-duce their bodies’ ability to dissipate heat are just some of the many people who are especially at risk from heat waves. Because of the nature of their responsibilities, emergency responders are particularly vulnerable. When I visited Phoenix, AZ, I was told by their emergency response lead-ership that they are having to restruc-ture the duty schedules to protect fire-fighters from being overcome, if they are out fighting fires or responding to an emergency in daytime tempera-tures, because they overheat. So you have to rotate them through much faster and add cooling and hydration teams to support the fire crews as they speed through their heightened rota-tions. An ER doc from the Lifespan health system in Rhode Island visited my of-fice and told another story about an older woman who was treated for a heat-related illness. She had just been sitting outside on a hot day, in the Sun, enjoying herself. Perhaps she didn’t feel the need to hydrate herself. Perhaps some routine medication that she was on made her more susceptible, but she was not aware of how quickly she was overheating. When her husband returned home from work, he found her lethargic and unable to move, with a body temperature of 107 degrees. Hotter temperatures are bad on their own because of the effects they have on people’s bodies and because of the added deaths that they cause, but they also work to create more ozone. Ozone is dangerous. Ozone is dangerous for children. It is dangerous for the elder-ly. It is dangerous for anyone with asthma or other breathing-related dif-ficulties. Again, from Rhode Island’s health report, Rhode Island’s asthma rates are 33 percent higher than na-tional averages for adults and 40 per-cent higher for children. So asthma is pretty serious for us, and people go to the hospital for this. This is not just an inconvenience. In Rhode Island, we have heard air qual-ity alerts on morning drive-time radio. You are going in to work and listening to the radio, and the announcer is say-ing, ‘‘Kids, seniors, people with breath-ing difficulties, you need to stay in-doors today.’’ It is a sunny, perfect summer day, it seems. Ozone is not visible, but because it is there and be-cause of what it does to lungs and to asthma, people in Rhode Island are told they can’t go outdoors that day. That kind of bad day alert, because it is for ozone, is going to become more fre-quent as climate change warms up our climate and produces more ozone. It works this way. Our air in Rhode Island is polluted, primarily, by mid-western powerplants. Out in the Mid-west, they run the emissions up supertall smokestacks. The pollution is then injected up into the atmosphere and is carried away on prevailing winds. Guess what. It bakes in the Sun, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.053 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2253 April 18, 2018 
turns to ozone, and it lands on us—not them, us. It is their pollution, our lungs. Thanks a bunch, guys. Our air is also worsened by smoke from forest fires, even from as far away as Canada, and the warming climate, as the Presiding Officer knows, has cre-ated an extraordinary fire situation out West. Changing precipitation pat-terns have produced more fires, and that means more smoke in downwind States, and we are a downwind State. The result of all of this is that Rhode Island’s air quality receives only a C from the American Lung Association. This poor grade is largely because of ozone, most of which comes from out of State. We end up with grade C air be-cause of, primarily, out-of-State pol-lutants. This is not just some minor in-convenience. Across the country, air pollution—much of it made worse by climate change—is responsible for a staggering 200,000 premature deaths each year. Pollen is another problem. Shifting seasons produce a longer pollen season. Increased pollen levels, particularly with increased air pollution, kick in al-lergies, which takes us into another risk. The warmth of earlier springs and later falls also means that tick and mosquito season in Rhode Island lasts far longer than it used to, and that moves us to yet more health risks and diseases. Rhode Island already has the fourth highest rate of Lyme disease in the country. We have over 900 cases a year, and as temperatures increase, we are likely to see the number of ticks in Rhode Island increase, which would be expected to lead to even more cases of Lyme disease. In States not too far north of us, the tick situation has got-ten so out of control that they are ac-tually seeing moose calves die off be-cause they are so swarmed with ticks. I am sorry. I know this is a little bit gross, but calves are dying when their bodies can’t support both their own metabolism and feeding the ticks that have crawled up onto them in the thou-sands—in some cases, over 10,000 ticks. So we have to be concerned about this not just for ourselves but for the wild-life around us. Warmer temperatures also provide a longer breeding season for mosquitoes. More downpours—yet another result of climate change—result in more stand-ing water, which is habitat for mos-quito larvae. Rhode Island has been up 76 percent in extreme downpours since 1950. That is the largest increase in ex-treme precipitation events out of all 50 States. Of course, these little critters, the mosquitoes, carry the West Nile virus, the Eastern equine encephalitis, and other illnesses we didn’t used to see in our State. As if all of this were not bad enough, climate change is also worsening an-other natural hazard that threatens public health—harmful algae blooms. Algae naturally occur in lakes and oceans, but in certain conditions, algae populations can explode. These blooms, they call them—blooms of algae—can slime waterways and overwhelm eco-systems, eating up nutrients, and they can deplete oxygen in the water and in the oceans so completely that no other life can exist, so that other creatures— fish—actually suffocate in the water. Algae are often, therefore, the reason behind massive fish kills. Some kinds of algae even produce toxins. People can become sick from exposure to the contaminated, toxin- filled water and even from the air if you get enough surface turbulence and churning of waves that it aerates the toxins, and then it is inhaled. The tox-ins can get into our food chain. They end up in shellfish and seafood on our dinner plates. Depending on which toxin it is, the consequences for people, for pets, and for wildlife can range from rashes and skin irritation, to pretty severe neurological and gastro-intestinal symptoms, to respiratory ar-rest, and even death. In 2016, New England was hit for the first time by a Pseudo-nitzschia bloom—a kind of algae that produces a toxin, domoic acid, which caused large swaths of Narragansett Bay to be closed to shellfishing. The Providence Journal reported: ‘‘In the more than 15 years officials have tested for [domoic acid], Rhode Island . . . never had a bloom reaching dangerous levels.’’ In March of 2017, Rhode Island was forced, once again, to institute emergency shellfish closures in Narragansett Bay—stuff that did not used to happen before this—when algae produced dan-gerous levels of domoic acid. This may seem funny to my western colleagues, but people make their liv-ing doing this stuff, so it is not funny to us in Rhode Island when climate change is warming our oceans and cre-ating these risks. Harmful algae blooms have also been advised for ponds in Portsmouth, Cranston, Green-ville, and Tiverton. In all of these ways—from heat-re-lated illnesses, to respiratory disease, to allergies, to tick- and mosquito- borne illnesses, to toxic algae blooms— climate change has serious and wide- ranging effects on public health. Rhode Island’s Department of Health has done an excellent service with this report— in helping Rhode Islanders learn how to be aware and to protect themselves. It was supported, by the way, by a grant from the CDC, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in its Climate and Health Program. It was a small $10 million program, but it helped this project’s report come to fruition in Rhode Island. We appreciate it. It is a wise investment to help pre-pare Americans for unfamiliar diseases that are being driven into our neigh-borhoods by a change in climate. As I conclude, I know that there are colleagues here who do not care to lis-ten to environmental groups, but they might want to listen to the American Medical Association. The American Medical Association writes: ‘‘Scientific surveys have shown clear evidence that our patients are facing adverse health effects associated with climate change.’’ Colleagues might listen to the Amer-ican Lung Association, which writes: ‘‘Climate change seriously threatens our wellness—especially our lung health.’’ Perhaps colleagues might consider the opinion of the American Academy of Pediatrics, which writes: ‘‘Tackling climate change could be the greatest global health opportunity of the 21st century.’’ They write that because here is the problem: ‘‘Climate change poses threats to human health, safety, and security, and children are at particu-larly high risk.’’ We may disagree about a lot around here, but when the American Academy of Pediatrics is telling us that climate change poses serious threats to human health, safety, and security and that children are at particularly high risk, it is a very callous thing to pay no at-tention. It is time to wake up. Our con-stituents’ health and well-being actu-ally does hang in the balance, and this Rhode Island report shows it for our State at least. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Rhode Island for his leadership and his outspokenness—how he has shown the importance of the Senate actually doing its job on both climate change and campaign finance and how much they are related to each other because of the stranglehold the oil industry has on the Republican Party and the hundreds of millions of dollars they spend. Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE has been on this floor well over 100 times to talk about that. The coun-try certainly listens, and the country is, certainly, in the same place he is and a lot of us are. Unfortunately, the special interest groups in this town continue to control this Senate. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. President, right now, American manufacturers and American workers are not competing on a level playing field with foreign competitors. The Ex-port-Import Bank is a vital tool for manufacturers in Ohio. In other States, it is helping them export Ohio products around the world. It is helping them compete in the global marketplace. Yet, for an unbelievable 3 years, the Export-Import Bank has been forced to stop most of its work. I am joined on the floor today by Senator H
EITKAMP of North Dakota, who will make the case, as I do, that it makes no sense that some special in-terest groups have stopped and some ideology way out in right field has stopped the Senate from doing its job with the Export-Import Bank. Over these 3 years, 95 export credit agencies around the globe, including China’s massive export credit agencies, have been aggressively helping foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.054 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2254 April 18, 2018 
competitors win sales and the jobs that come with them—jobs that would be in the United States but that don’t exist in this country—if the administration and the Republican Congress would do their job and move forward on the Ex-port-Import Bank. China provides more credit every 2 years than the Export-Import Bank has in its 80-year history. If Congress is se-rious about ensuring American busi-nesses stay competitive, we have to have a functional export-import credit agency, but this Congress has done the opposite. It starved the Bank of the nominees it needs to function, it has crippled its ability to support Amer-ican jobs for no reason that anybody can figure out. Right now, the Export- Import Bank under law can’t finance any transaction worth more than $10 million because under the law, if it doesn’t have a quorum, it can’t do that. The Bank’s opponents in the Senate have spent years blocking votes on Board nominees because they want to kill the Bank. It is a small minority of Members of this Senate and the House, but they have had their way with their parliamentary tricks. Every additional day of delay means lost contracts in Ohio, North Dakota, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Oklahoma, and lost contracts mean lost jobs and additional costs to taxpayers. Without new trans-actions, the Bank will not be able to self-finance its operations. If the Bank is fully reopened, it ex-pects to return more than $600 million to the Treasury, meaning more jobs, more businesses, more tax revenues, but we are not doing it. Tomorrow the Ex-Im Bank will begin its annual conference. Senior officials from the administration, including Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross and White House National Trade Coun-cil Director Peter Navarro will be in attendance. Why are they there? They played no role in keeping the Export- Import Bank functioning. This meeting is usually an opportunity for American exporters to learn about how Ex-Im can help them grow their business. I have dozens of those companies. There are some big ones like GE, large businesses such as Boeing. Both do a lot of business in my State, provide a lot of jobs, but it is the smaller compa-nies that most people in this Cham-ber—I have heard of them because I work with them—but most people in this Chamber haven’t heard of these small companies that benefit. Instead, the Bank tomorrow will have to warn American companies that it is prohibited from doing its work. The Bank is hobbled. There will not be a single member of the Board of Direc-tors to represent the Bank at its own conference. Why? Because we haven’t confirmed any of them. To businesses in Ohio, this makes no sense. They don’t understand why President Trump will not do anything about it. He has refused. They don’t un-derstand why Senator M
CCONNELL will not do anything about this. He has re-fused. Dozens of American goods are not being manufactured and sold because the Bank is crippled. American compa-nies sit on the sidelines. Ohio is the home to GE Aviation, which designs and builds the most ad-vanced commercial aircraft engines in the world. Senator PORTMAN and I have both seen the work they do. Senator P
ORTMAN , my Republican colleague in Ohio, is very supportive of the Bank. He and I have seen up close this plant and their incredible technology. They build the best aircraft engines in the world. GE Aviation supports 24,000 workers in Alabama, Kentucky, New Hampshire, North Carolina, and Mis-sissippi. That doesn’t include the thou-sands of workers who are their supplier partners. They all risk losing business because their foreign competitors have a tool they don’t. GE can offer the best workforce, the best technology, but without the Ex-port-Import Bank, they can’t match the financing the foreign airline gets from the United Kingdom when they buy Rolls Royce engines. GE is far from alone. Many manufacturers, as I said, are being hurt. When Ex-Im was fully operational, it provided $20 billion in financing to American companies and supported nearly 165,000 jobs. These are generally good-paying union manufacturing jobs. Maybe that is part of the problem. They are union jobs, and I know the opponents of Export-Import Bank aren’t wild about union jobs. This past fiscal year that financing was cut by more than two-thirds. The Bank supports 40,000 jobs. It went from 165,000 before to 40,000 now. That is why the demand for reopening the Bank is overwhelming—the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, the chamber of commerce, the Aerospace Industries Association—one after another after another—the Ohio Manufacturers’ As-sociation and small business across the country. President Trump last year said he wanted the Bank to get back to work, but he nominated somebody who was determined to kill the Bank. We voted down that nomination with a bipar-tisan vote, and we supported four oth-ers who wanted and believed in the Ex-port-Import Bank and wanted to make it work. Let’s deliver for American businesses and American workers. Let’s reopen the Bank. Let’s make sure the Bank supports another 125,000 jobs. We can’t wait any longer. The Senate has waited 4 months. Senator M
CCONNELL doesn’t seem to want to move on this. Presi-dent Trump doesn’t want to do any-thing about this. There are $44 billion in transactions at the Bank that need Board approval. All of these opportuni-ties for job creation and all these op-portunities for growing American busi-nesses could be lost. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the Senate proceed to execu-tive session for the en bloc consider-ation of the following nominations: Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 579 and 580, Spencer Bachus; No. 581, Judith Pryor; No. 582, Kimberly Reed; No. 583 and 584, Claudia Slacik; and No. 585, Mark Greenblatt; that the Senate proceed to vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the RECORD , and the President be notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I have long ad-vocated for profound reform of the Ex-port-Import Bank. My preference has long been that the U.S. administra-tion—in fact, this was an obligation of the previous administration which it chose to ignore—but that the U.S. ad-ministration negotiate among our trading partners a mutual phaseout of these taxpayer-subsidized export enti-ties. My objection to this is the embedded taxpayer subsidy, the embedded tax-payer risk in every transaction the Ex- Im does. The special interest I am de-fending here today is the American taxpayer. Now, I am pretty sure I am not going to change anyone’s mind on the floor tonight, so let me just make clear about where we are with these nomi-nees. During the Banking Committee hearings, I and other colleagues made it clear. I would support the nominees to fill the vacancies on the Board pro-vided that a reformer such as Scott Garrett was included among them. I would have supported restoring the quorum with the confidence that there would have been at least a good-faith effort to begin the kind of reforms we need. Unfortunately, the committee chose not to advance Scott Garrett, who would have done, I think, a very good job bridging the gap between the opponents and proponents of Ex-Im Bank, but that was not to be. Instead, Ex-Im supporters are now asking to confirm the remaining nomi-nees but not include Scott Garrett, who has taken himself out of the run-ning at this point, nor would it include any other person as President. What would the consequences of this be if this unanimous consent request were agreed to? The Ex-Im Bank would constitute a quorum, would resume doing multimillion- and multibillion- dollar deals, all which would put tax-payers at risk and there would be no prospect of any meaningful reform. I remain open to finding a new can-didate who can lead Ex-Im and imple-ment the kind of reforms that are needed, but that is not what is on the table at the moment, and until that time comes, I cannot support the con-firmation of these additional Board members, which would reconstitute the quorum; therefore, I object. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.056 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2255 April 18, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I am dis-appointed that we can’t confirm the Ex-Im nominees today. I know many other Senators want to resolve this sit-uation. I will continue to push to reopen the Ex-Im Bank. We were willing—the majority of the Banking Committee was willing to flip and put Mr. Garrett as one of the mem-bers, one of the four members, and make Mr. Bachus, another former House Member, who is qualified and is a supporter of the Ex-Im Bank Chair-man. We were willing to have Scott Garrett on this Board but not as Chair-man because the Chairman sets the agenda. Mr. Garrett would not, when questioned by Senator H
EITKAMP , who asked him tough questions, would not commit to the committee that he wasn’t out to destroy and undermine the Bank. We were willing to put Mr. Garrett there, just not in the Chair-man’s position. It is clear Mr. Garrett, on behalf of the Vice President and a small number of Members of this body, want to undermine and destroy the Ex- Im Bank. There is no question about that. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I would like to point out that included in the list of nominees who my colleague from Ohio asked unanimous consent for confirmation, was the inspector general for the Export-Import Bank. That is a different function. That is a function I supported in committee, and I would support today. As far as I am aware, there is no objection whatsoever on this side of the aisle and no objec-tion to confirming the inspector gen-eral to this post. Therefore, I ask unan-imous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive Cal-endar No. 585; that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further motions be in order; and that any statements relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I reserve the right to object. Mr. President, how does it make sense to confirm an inspector general for an agency that really isn’t an agen-cy that is actually in operation doing its best? So we are not going to appoint the members of the Board. We will have zero Board members. They will not be able to conduct the quality and the quantity of business that they used to, and that they could if we had no ob-jection to the motion earlier, and then we are going to have an inspector gen-eral to watch over them? That simply doesn’t make sense. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I am here representing a special interest group called the workers of America. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield for a unanimous consent request? Ms. HEITKAMP. Yes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclu-sion of remarks by our leader, Mr. MCCONNELL , I be recognized for 45 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, reserv-ing the right to object, I would like to insert an opportunity to speak for 5 minutes after Senator M
CCONNELL and then yield to the Senator from Okla-homa for 45 minutes. Mr. INHOFE. I have no objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, the request, as modified, is agreed to. The Senator from North Dakota. Ms. HEITKAMP. Thank you, Mr. President. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
I just want to say I am representing a special interest group, too, the work-ers of this country—the workers who have lost jobs because we do not have a functioning Ex-Im Bank; the workers whose opportunity to earn a living has been compromised because we don’t have an Ex-Im Bank that is func-tioning; the workers who are now handed a big 50-pound weight against a Chinese worker, when the Chinese are pumping money into their export agen-cies and competing unfairly because we don’t have an Ex-Im Bank. Can we just for a minute be for the workers? The Ex-Im Bank does not cost the taxpayer and has not cost the taxpayer a dime. In fact, it returns money to the Treasury. It is a win-win, but yet here we are, based on strictly ideological grounds, arguing the value of the Ex- Im Bank. My colleague from Pennsylvania said he wants reform. I will state that we passed an effort I led in order to reau-thorize the Ex-Im Bank. That was a big fight. That was not a little deal; that was a big fight. In fact, we had to hold up votes on TPA so we could get a com-mitment on reauthorizing the Ex-Im Bank because you can’t authorize trade agreements and then take away an in-tegral part and necessary part of the trade structure, which is the Ex-Im Bank. So let me state, all of these reforms that we agreed to were critical, such as the appointment of a chief ethics offi-cer, appointment of a chief risk officer, forming the risk management com-mittee—pretty important to carry out responsibility. Guess why these reforms aren’t being done. Because we don’t have a func-tioning Ex-Im Bank. We do not have what we need to get these actions ap-proved. So when we go through this whole process and we begin to talk about this and we say this is about re-form—no, it is not. Is this about saving the taxpayers money? No, it is not. This is about an ideology. This is about third-party interest groups making this their chief whipping boy, inappro-priately, and stopping American jobs. We are in some pretty tough times right now with China, potentially in a trade war, with the potential to really, I think, hurt our country moving for-ward for decades to come—think about that—at a time when we are trying to drive this economy into the 21st cen-tury to provide an opportunity for us to actually win in trade. Now, I like to tell young people who come into my office: If you don’t re-member anything else that I have talked about, remember the number five—five. Now, 95 percent of the people on this Earth do not live in this coun-try. If we are not trading with them, if we are not aggressively using every tool in the toolbox to reach out and trade with them, we are going to lose. We are not going to lose just in the next 2, 3, or 4 years, but we are going to lose a whole generation of oppor-tunity and get left behind. So it is time for us to step up and get a fully functioning Ex-Im Bank. How do we do that? Well, we approve the four nominees whom Ranking Member B
ROWN has advanced and who have been stopped. The four nominees are incredibly well qualified. They had a great hearing. The Presiding Officer sits on that committee with me and knows how incredibly qualified they are. Yet, because of a minority opinion, we are held off again. We don’t have a Bank that is work-ing, and the people who work for that Bank, who have developed relation-ships, developed expertise, they have waited too long. We are losing every day. We are losing this piece of trade infrastructure that is absolutely crit-ical to the competition for American businesses. Let’s talk about what we are up against. The lack of the Ex-Im Bank board quorum has left $44 billion of ex-ports on the table. They can’t get ap-proved because we don’t have a quorum. OK, so it is a big number. Do you know what is a bigger number? When you take that and you translate it into American jobs, there are a quar-ter of a million American jobs that are going to be lost, that are going to be diverted to other countries because we are in this petty squabble right here with a minority group of people. I want to add some other pieces. Every day that passes without a quorum, Congress is risking these deals, so let me tell you about some of these deals. Mack Trucks can’t export Pennsylvania-manufactured vehicles to Cameroon. A U.S. engineering company 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.056 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2256 April 18, 2018 
can’t build a highway in Mozambique. A major petrochemical company in Egypt is on hold, and an energy project in Mozambique cannot be finalized. Hoffman International, a small busi-ness in New Jersey, can’t finalize a deal with the Government of Cam-eroon. If we are not trading, we are losing in this country. And if we don’t have an Ex-Im Bank, we don’t have a fully functioning trade apparatus. That is truth. So it is time to put aside this petty squabble. I want to remark briefly that when we started the reauthorization effort, I was told: There is no way; you can’t get the majority opinion. The Ex-Im Bank got almost 70 votes here—almost 70 votes for reauthoriza-tion. When it went over to the House, where we were told once again that we could never get the political support for reauthorization, that it is too toxic, too high profile, guess what—well, 70 percent of the House of Representa-tives voted for the Ex-Im Bank. We are being held captive. There are 250,000 American workers being held captive by an ideology that is going to fail us and doom our export effort to failure for not just the next couple of years but for a generation to come. The whole while, do you know what China is doing? When China’s growth took a little dip, they pumped even more bil-lions of dollars into their ex-im bank, into their ex-im credit agency. Do you think they did that because they thought it was a worthless gesture? No. They did it because they knew they could compete against us. Let’s not fail these 250,000 workers. Let’s not fail to be smart in our com-petition with China. Let’s get this done. The only way to get it done is to get a quorum on the Ex-Im Bank, and the only way to get a quorum is to break the deadlock that is here, stop leading with ideology, start leading with common sense, and start leading with the opportunity to respond to one of the most significant special inter-ests groups in this country; that is, the American workers. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SENATE NATO OBSERVER GROUP Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today the Democratic leader and I are proud to reestablish the Senate NATO Observer Group. The group was origi-nally established in 1997 to provide a focal point for addressing NATO issues that cut across committee jurisdic-tions and to help educate Senators on the issues involved in any decision to enlarge NATO and to permit close interaction between the executive branch and the Senate during negotia-tions on NATO enlargement. Following the Senate’s ratification of the proto-cols of accession in April 1998, the group ceased to function until it was reestablished on June 17, 2002. Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota and Minority Leader Trent Lott of Mississippi announced the for-mation of a new Senate NATO Observer Group to follow NATO’s decision to for-mally invite additional new countries to join the Alliance at the Prague Summit. In his floor announcement, Senator Daschle said the bipartisan Senate NATO Observer Group would ‘‘advise the full Senate’’ on NATO and the next round of NATO enlargement. The Senate NATO Observer Group re-mained active through 2007, but was ul-timately disbanded due to a lack of NATO enlargement rounds. In arguing for reestablishment of the group, Senators TILLIS and S HAHEEN  wrote to Senator S
CHUMER and I that: ‘‘Exactly 10 years ago Estonia was one of the first countries to come under at-tack from Russia’s modern form of hy-brid warfare. In 2007, Russia conducted massive cyber-attacks on Estonia in response to Estonia’s decision to relo-cate a Soviet Red Army memorial in Tallinn. One year later, as talks of eventual NATO membership for Geor-gia were debated, Russia activated its famed little green men in Georgia, in-vaded, and eventually occupied the Georgian regions of South Ossetia and Abkhazia. These regions are under Rus-sian occupation to this day.’’ In 2014, Ukraine befell a similar fate as Russia instigated a conflict, result-ing in the occupation of Crimea and continued bloodshed in Ukraine’s Donbass or eastern region. Since April 2014, when war erupted in eastern Ukraine, more than 10,000 people have died, a number which is steadily rising. Despite successive attempts at inter-national negotiations and peace, the Kremlin grew more aggressive in its stance and, in 2016, expanded its malign efforts into Western Europe and the United States. During the 2016 U.S. Presidential elections, U.S. intelligence agencies were able to conclude that Russia interfered in the U.S. elections using a combination of hybrid tools. A similar pattern soon emerged across NATO states, where the Kremlin used both cyber attacks and disinformation to sow chaos and mistrust in Western de-mocracies. Given these newfound chal-lenges, increased engagement and as-sistance for transatlantic security was elevated as a critical priority for the Senate, as well as successive adminis-trations. The 2018 Senate NATO Observer Group will mirror the structure and make-up of previous Senate NATO Ob-server Groups with eight Members serving ex officio, the two leaders plus the chairman and ranking member of the Appropriations, Armed Services, and Foreign Relations Committees. In addition, the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Intelligence Committee would also be invited to serve as ex-officio members. Senators SHAHEEN and T ILLIS , both Members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, would be named the cochairs, and a small group of Senators active on NATO issues would be named to the group jointly by the leaders and co-chairs. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, today I am pleased to join my colleague the Republican leader in reestablishing the Senate NATO Observer Group. In the late 1940s, under the stewardship of President Harry Truman, the United States led our Western allies in the creation of an unprecedented arrange-ment to provide for our collective de-fense. Since then, NATO has guaran-teed the security of our European allies and has come to our aid, protecting the United States in its darkest hours fol-lowing the 9/11 attacks. Today, new threats are emerging from Russia and along NATO’s southern border, making the alliance more necessary than ever. It is the responsibility of the Senate to be kept abreast of any and all factors affecting such a key component of our national defense. The Senate NATO Observer group was first established in 1997 and oversaw the enlargement of our alli-ance to countries recently freed from Soviet domination in Eastern Europe. Following the reestablishment of the group in 2002 by Majority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota and Minority Leader Trent Lott of Mississippi, the Senate NATO Observer group had an oversight role during the NATO mis-sion in Afghanistan—again, the only time a NATO member has invoked the right to collective self-defense. Unfortunately, since talks of further enlargement of the alliance expired 10 years ago, the Senate Observer Group lapsed. Since that time, Russia has re-asserted itself in Eastern Europe through the aggressive use of hybrid warfare, including cyber infiltration of our allies’ political infrastructure, as well as our own. While Georgia consid-ered eventual NATO membership, Rus-sia invaded and occupied South Ossetia and Abkhazia, regions which remain in Russian hands today. A similar fate be-fell Ukraine in 2014, when Russia’s ‘‘lit-tle green men’’ were inserted into a civil conflict that spilled over into a civil war in which thousands of people died. As we learned during the 2016 Presi-dential election, the Kremlin’s aggres-sive posture extends far beyond Rus-sia’s borders. American intelligence agencies have shown conclusively that Russia has interfered in elections at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.058 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2257 April 18, 2018 
home and abroad using a sophisticated array of cyber attacks and disinformation to undermine con-fidence in the American political proc-ess and in Western democracy writ large. Neither the United States nor our NATO allies are immune from such attacks. That is why it is imperative that we continue to invest in and strengthen that alliance. Moreover, it is why the U.S. Senate must be ac-tively involved in ensuring that our most important alliance remains alert to the serious issues before us. There are several pressing issues on which the observer group will imme-diately begin work on. NATO recently established a naval command for the Atlantic, dedicated to ensuring the freedom of the seas, a policy the United States has steadfastly upheld since the early days of the republic. In addition to an increased focus on protecting the sea lanes between Europe and North America, a new NATO logistics com-mand and a cyber operations center are being formed in response to the contin-ued aggressive posture of Russian forces along NATO’s eastern border. Cyber defense in particular should be of acute interest to Senators in this group. Russian cyber attacks have damaged countries around the world and continue to threaten critical infra-structure in the United States. I look forward to learning how NATO will in-tegrate each nation’s cyber defense knowledge into its own and how we might learn from our allies about how best to protect ourselves from cyber warfare. This Congress began with a unani-mous vote reaffirming the United States’ commitment to article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty. There can be no doubt that the Senate remains firmly committed to transatlantic security and to countering the malign influence of a hostile Kremlin at home and abroad. The opportunity to learn from our allies and prepare for the future is too important. So I am glad that my colleagues Senators S
HAHEEN and T
ILLIS have spearheaded the reestab-lishment of the NATO Observer Group, on which they will serve as cochairs. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 18–06, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Mexico for defense articles and serv-ices estimated to cost $1.2 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGORY M. K AUSNER , (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–06 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Mexico. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $.8 billion. Other $.4 billion. Total $1.2 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Eight (8) MH–60R Multi-Mission Heli-copters, equipped with: Twenty (20) T–700 GE 401 C Engines (16 in-stalled and 4 spares). Sixteen (16) APS–153(V) Multi-Mode Radars (8 installed, 8 spares). Ten (10) Airborne Low Frequency System (ALFS) (8 installed and 2 spares). Twelve (12) AN/AAS–44C Multi-Spectral Targeting Systems Forward Looking Infra-red Systems (8 installed, 4 spares). Twenty (20) Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation Systems (EGI) with Selective Availability/Anti-Spoofing Module (16 installed and 4 spares). Thirty (30) AN/AVS–9 Night Vision De-vices. One thousand (1,000) AN/SSQ–36/53/62 Sonobuoys. Ten (10) AGM–114 Hellfire Missiles. Five (5) AGM–114 M36–E9 Captive Air Training Missiles. Four (4) AGM–114Q Hellfire Training Mis-siles. Thirty eight (38) Advanced Precision Kill Weapons System (APKWS) II Rockets. Thirty (30) Mk -54 Lightweight Hybrid Tor-pedoes (LHTs). Twelve (12) M–240D Machine Guns. Twelve (12) GAU–21 Machine Guns. Non-MDE: Also included are twelve (12) AN/ARC–220 High Frequency radios; fourteen (14) AN/APX–123 Identification Friend or Foe Transponders (8 installed and 6 spares); spare engine containers; facilities study, design, and construction; spare and repair parts; support and test equipment; communication equipment; ferry support; publications and technical documentation; personnel training and training equipment; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services; and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (MX–P– SAA). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: April 18, 2018 *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Mexico—MH–60R Multi-Mission Helicopters The Government of Mexico has requested to buy eight (8) MH–60R Multi-Mission Heli-copters, equipped with: twenty (20) T–700 GE 401 C engines (16 installed and 4 spares); six-teen (16) APS–153(V) Multi-Mode radars (8 in-stalled, 8 spares); ten (10) Airborne Low Fre-quency Systems (ALFS) (8 installed and 2 spares); fourteen (14) AN/APX–123 Identifica-tion Friend or Foe transponders (8 installed and 6 spares); twelve (12) AN/AAS–44C Multi- Spectral Targeting Systems Forward Look-ing Infrared Systems (8 installed, 4 spares); twenty (20) Embedded Global Positioning System/Inertial Navigation Systems (EGI) with Selective Availability/Anti-Spoofing Module (16 installed and 4 spares); thirty (30) AN/AVS–9 Night Vision Devices; one thou-sand (1,000) AN/SSQ–36/53/62 Sonobuoys; ten (10) AGM–114 Hellfire missiles; five (5) AGM– 114 M36–E9 Captive Air Training missiles; four (4) AGM–114Q Hellfire training missiles; thirty eight (38) Advanced Precision Kill Weapons System (APKWS) II rockets; thirty (30) Mk 54 Lightweight Hybrid Torpedoes (LHTs); twelve (12) M–240D machine guns; twelve (12) GAU–21 Machine Guns. Also in-cluded are twelve (12) AN/ARC–220 High Fre-quency radios; spare engine containers; fa-cilities study, design, and construction; spare and repair parts; support and test equipment; communication equipment; ferry support; publications and technical docu-mentation; personnel training and training equipment; U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total es-timated value is $1.20 billion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a strategic regional partner. Mexico has been a strong partner in combating organized crime and drug trafficking organizations. The sale of these aircraft to Mexico will sig-nificantly increase and strengthen its mari-time capabilities. Mexico intends to use these defense articles and services to mod-ernize its armed forces and expand its exist-ing naval and maritime support of national security requirements and in its efforts to combat criminal organizations. The proposed sale will improve Mexico’s ability to meet current and future threats from enemy weapon systems. The MH–60R Multi-Mission Helicopter will enable Mexico to perform anti-surface and antisubmarine warfare missions and secondary missions in-cluding vertical replenishment, search and rescue, and communications relay. Mexico will use the enhanced capability as a deter-rent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. Mexico will have no dif-ficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems in Owego, New York. There are no known offset agreements in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require the assignment of additional U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.033 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2258 April 18, 2018 
Government and/or contractor representa-tives to Mexico. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 18–06 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The MH–60R Multi-Mission Helicopter focuses primarily on anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare missions. The MH–60R carries several sensors and data links to en-hance its ability to work in a network cen-tric battle group as an extension of its home ship/main operating base. The mission equip-ment subsystem consists of the following sensors and subsystems: an acoustics sys-tems consisting of a dipping sonar and sonobuoys, Multi-Mode Radar (MMR) with integral Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) interrogator, Electronic Support Measures (ESM), Integrated Self-Defense (ISD), and Multi-Spectral Targeting System (MTS). Also, Night Vision Devices (AN/AVS–9) for CONOPS and interoperability with USN. It can carry AGM–114A/B/K Hellfire missiles, as well as Mk 46/54 torpedoes to engage surface and sub-surface targets. The Mexican MH– 60R platform will include provisions for the Mk 54 light weight torpedo. The MH–60R weapons system is classified up to SECRET. Unless otherwise noted below, MH–60R hard-ware and support equipment, test equipment, and maintenance spares are UNCLASSIFIED except when electrical power is applied to hardware containing volatile data storage. Technical data and documentation for MH– 60R weapons systems (including sub-systems and weapons listed below) are classified up to SECRET. The sensitive technologies include: a. The AGM–114 HELLFIRE missile is an air-to-surface missile with a multi-mission, multi-target, precision strike capability. The HELLFIRE can be launched from mul-tiple air platforms and is the primary preci-sion weapon for the United States Army. The highest level for release of the AGM–114 HELLFIRE is SECRET, based upon the soft-ware. The highest level of classified informa-tion that could be disclosed by a proposed sale or by testing of the end item is SE-CRET; the highest level that must be dis-closed for production, maintenance, or train-ing is CONFIDENTIAL. Reverse engineering could reveal CONFIDENTIAL information. Vulnerability data, countermeasures, vulner-ability/susceptibility analyses, and threat definitions are classified SECRET or CON-FIDENTIAL. b. Advanced Precision Kill Weapons Sys-tem (APKWS) II laser guided rocket to counter the fast attack craft and fast inshore attack craft threat. APKWS hard-ware is UNCLASSIFIED. c. The light-weight hybrid air launched torpedo (Mk 54 LHT) is for surface and sub-surface targets. The acquisition of Mk–54 LHT will include ancillary equipment and publications. d. Communications security devices con-tain sensitive encryption algorithms and keying material. The purchasing country has previously been released and utilizes COMSEC devices in accordance with set pro-cedures and without issue. COMSEC devices will be classified up to SECRET when keys are loaded. e. Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) (KIV– 78) contains embedded security devices con-taining sensitive encryption algorithms and keying material. The purchasing country will utilize COMSEC devices in accordance with set procedures. The AN/APX–123 is clas-sified up to SECRET. f. GPS/PPS/SAASM—Global Positioning System (GPS) provides a space-based Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) that has reliable location and time information in all weather and at all times and anywhere on or near the earth when and where there is an unobstructed line of sight to four or more GPS satellites. Selective Availability/Anti- Spoofing Module (SAASM) (AN/PSN–11) is used by military GPS receivers to allow decryption of precision GPS coordinates. The GPS hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. When electrical power is applied, the system is classified up to SECRET. g. Acoustics algorithms are used to process dipping sonar and sonobuoy data for target tracking and for the Acoustics Mission Plan-ner (AMP), which is a tactical aid employed to optimize the deployment of sonobuoys and the dipping sonar. Acoustics hardware is UN-CLASSIFIED. The acoustics system is classi-fied up to SECRET when environmental and threat databases are loaded and/or the sys-tem is processing acoustic data. h. The AN/APS–153 multi-mode radar with an integrated IFF and Inverse Synthetic Ap-erture (ISAR) provides target surveillance/ detection capability. The AN/APS–153 hard-ware is unclassified. When electrical power is applied and mission data loaded, the AN/ APS–153 is classified up to SECRET. i. The AN/ALQ–210 (ESM) system identifies the location of an emitter. The ability of the system to identify specific emitters depends on the data provided by the Mexican Navy. The AN/ALQ–210 hardware is UNCLASSI-FIED. When electrical power is applied and mission data loaded, the AN/ALQ–210 system is classified up to SECRET. j. The AN/AAS–44C Forward Looking Infra-red Radar (FLIR) uses the Multi-spectral Targeting System (MTS) that allows it to operate in day/night and adverse weather conditions. Imagery is provided by an Infra-red sensor, a color/monochrome DTV, and a Low-Light TV. The AN/AAS–44C hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. When electrical power is applied, the AN/AAS–44C is classified up to SECRET. k. Satellite Communications Demand As-signed Multiple Access (SATCOM DAMA), which provide increased, interoperable com-munications capabilities with US forces. SATCOM DAMA hardware is UNCLASSI-FIED. When electrical power is applied and mission data loaded these systems are classi-fied up to SECRET. 2. All the mission data, including sensitive parameters, is loaded from an off board sta-tion before each flight and does not stay with the aircraft after electrical power has been removed. Sensitive technologies are protected as defined in the program protec-tion and anti-tamper plans. The mission data and off board station are classified up to SE-CRET. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Mexico. I AM FOR THE CHILD DAY Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today I rise to recognize the first annual I am for the Child Day on April 18, 2018, sponsored by the Wisconsin Court Ap-pointed Special Advocates, CASA, As-sociation and the National CASA Asso-ciation. April is Child Abuse Preven-tion Month, and Wisconsin CASA champions the needs of abused and ne-glected children. Over 6,000 Wisconsin children are in foster care; yet only 690 are assigned trained volunteers who can advocate for their safety and well- being while under the protection of the courts and child welfare agencies. The goal of the first annual I am for the Child Day is to raise awareness about the need for volunteers and the crip-pling impacts of child abuse and ne-glect on vulnerable children. I am proud to honor the WI CASA organiza-tion and the dedicated volunteers whose voice can speak for these chil-dren. The Wisconsin CASA Association is a charitable, nonprofit member of the National CASA Association network. The association supports local pro-grams throughout the State of Wis-consin in La Crosse, Vernon, Monroe, Brown, Marinette, Outagamie, Rock, Columbia, Dane, Manitowoc, Sauk, and Milwaukee Counties. Court appointed special advocates are community vol-unteers who champion the needs of abused and neglected children. They are sworn ‘‘friends of the court’’ acting under the jurisdiction of an appointing judge. Their work strengthens out-comes for children involved in an over-strained social welfare system. They provide advocacy for children’s health, safety, emotional and physical develop-ment, family interaction, education, faith, recreation, and the cultural con-tinuity that children need to thrive. These volunteers interact with par-ents, caregivers, siblings, extended family members, foster parents, teach-ers, counselors, and healthcare pro-viders to monitor the children’s edu-cational progress and social develop-ment. Their observations ultimately cultivate important recommendations for the court. Research shows that CASA volunteers strengthen outcomes for children, enhance child safety, re-duce time spent in foster care, and im-prove the services the children receive. CASA organizations are accelerating their advocacy by designating April 18 as the first annual I am for the Child Day with the goal of bringing aware-ness to child abuse everywhere and to help these children navigate a tumul-tuous life experience. Once again, I commend the Wisconsin Court Ap-pointed Special Advocates Association on their admirable work and look for-ward to celebrating their accomplish-ments in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL FLEAGLE Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President. I would like to say a few words about a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.038 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2259 April 18, 2018 
former member of my staff, Mike Fleagle, who has recently left my of-fice and, unfortunately for Alaska, ac-cepted a job in Colorado. Mike was one of the very first people to join my team when I took office in 2014. I lured Mike away from his great job as the facilities maintenance super-visor for Alaska’s largest city and was honored that he wanted to join me in serving our fellow Alaskans. When you meet Mike, it doesn’t take long to see the thoughtfulness and kindness by which he lives his life and treats others. He has a can-do attitude and an incredible knowledge base for so many important issues for Alaskans: aviation, rural affairs, transportation, energy, and subsistence. He brought to our office a trove of knowledge about hunting and fishing that he obtained in his 14 years of experience as chairman and member of Alaska’s Board of Game and the Federal Subsistence Board, in addition to being a lifelong outdoors-man. Mike was a true pleasure to have on the team. He loves Alaska and that al-ways showed in the excellent quality of his work. Mike loves to hunt, fish, and hike, and he loves his family and is a devoted husband and father. We will miss Mike very much, and I am very grateful for the time he spent in my office helping Alaskans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATE O’CONNOR Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I would like to say a few words about Kate O’Connor, a former member of my staff who recently left to pursue an-other opportunity in public service. She is now working at the National Telecommunications and Information Administration, where she will con-tinue her focus on telecommunications and information policy. Kate was one of the first staffers I hired after being sworn in to the Sen-ate in January 2015. She started as a legislative cor-respondent and was integral in estab-lishing and managing our constituent correspondence system. Her talent, work ethic, and interest in Alaska ele-vated her to a legislative assistant, where she oversaw issues related to the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee, as well as education and healthcare. Kate understood firsthand the unique challenges Alaska faces, particularly in regard to broadband deployment and reliable internet access. She played a critical role in helping to usher an Alaska specific plan through the FCC, a plan that will help bridge the digital divide by bringing more advanced broadband services to rural Alaska. It was during her time at the Univer-sity of Chicago, where she was pur-suing a bachelor’s of arts in public pol-icy from the university, when she ven-tured north to my great State of Alas-ka for an internship in Juneau. She fell in love with my State, as so many people do, and I am confident that she will go on to be a great ambas-sador for Alaska. Kate’s positive attitude, her work ethic, and her love for Alaska will defi-nitely be missed. I wish her all the best. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING CLEAR CHANNEL OUTDOOR-LAS VEGAS ∑Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, today I am honored to congratulate the dedicated staff at Clear Channel Out-door, in Las Vegas, NV, for earning the Federal Bureau of Investigation, FBI, Director’s Community Leadership Award. On April 20, 2018, representa-tives from Clear Channel Outdoor will join the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion in Washington, DC, to formally ac-cept this much-deserved recognition. The FBI’s special agents in 56 field offices work closely with the commu-nity to conduct investigations and to protect the American people from crimes and acts of extremism. In ap-preciation, special agents in FBI field offices nominate community leaders and organizations that exemplify their values and those who work tirelessly to assist them in their work to keep the community safe. The Director’s Com-munity Leadership Award honors these individuals and organizations for their leadership in combating crime, ter-rorism, drugs, and violence in America. Earning this award is no easy feat. This award recognizes Clear Channel Outdoor-Las Vegas for their steadfast efforts to provide digital billboard services that assisted law enforcement in generating thousands of leads and tips, following the tragic and senseless loss of life at the Route 91 Festival on October 1, 2017, in Las Vegas. Clear Channel Outdoor-Las Vegas donated billboard space on digital signs around the city of Las Vegas to expand law en-forcement’s reach, telling the commu-nity, ‘‘If you see something, say some-thing.’’ In Las Vegas, the October 1 tragedy shocked our community but also spurred us to action. During that dark time, Las Vegans came together to drop off food and water at the Family Reunification Center, donate blood, and build beautiful memorials to honor those killed. I am proud of how our community came together, of how law enforcement acted to protect lives and ensure that residents and visitors felt protected following such a tragic inci-dent. I am also proud of the Clear Channel Outdoor-Las Vegas staff, who joined as part of our community effort, answering the call to assist local law enforcement and educate our commu-nity at large. Clear Channel Outdoor- Las Vegas’s actions helped rebuild and strengthen the bonds that make Las Vegas the beautiful place we call home. I ask my colleagues to join me in rec-ognizing Clear Channel Outdoor-Las Vegas for their generosity, their eager-ness, and their empathy in helping their fellow citizens and for their en-deavors to help our home heal from this senseless tragedy. I celebrate the FBI’s recognition of Clear Channel Outdoor-Las Vegas, and I am proud of their work on behalf of law enforce-ment and the State of Nevada. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO GERARD ‘‘JERRY’’ LACHANCE ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, this month, I am proud to recognize Gerard ‘‘Jerry’’ Lachance of Sandown, NH, as our Granite Stater of the Month in honor of his incredible dedication to supporting our veterans. At 70 years old, Jerry is currently on a more than 2,000-mile journey by bike from Florida to the northernmost tip of New Hampshire to raise funds for Project Hero, a nonprofit that builds adaptive bikes and helps support vet-erans and first responders impacted by injury and posttraumatic stress dis-order. Jerry, an avid cyclist for 12 years, a volunteer firefighter of more than 20 years for the Sandown Fire Rescue, and a Vietnam veteran, wanted to find a way to give back and support the brave servicemembers he considers to be his heroes. During one of Project Hero’s honor rides, Jerry met a veteran who lost his leg during his service. The vet-eran was using an adaptive bike that he received from Project Hero, which inspired Jerry to do more to help the organization. In 2016, Jerry biked from the New Hampshire-Canadian border to Key West, FL, with the goal of raising $5,000, but his community was so in-spired by Jerry’s ride that he ended up raising $25,000 for Project Hero. This year, over the course of his 40- day ride, Jerry hopes to raise another $25,000 to support our veterans. We owe our brave veterans and servicemembers a debt of gratitude that we can never truly repay, but we must try. Efforts like Jerry’s are an example for all of us of the dedication and support we can give to those who have sacrificed bravely for our country. Jerry Lachance has proven to be a shining example of how we can support our veterans, and he embodies the val-ues and all-hands-on-deck spirit of the Granite State. I thank Jerry for both his own military service and his com-mitment to our veterans, and I am honored to recognize him as our Gran-ite Stater of the Month.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING VERMONT MEALS ON WHEELS ∑Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I would like to take a moment to recog-nize the extraordinary work of Vermont’s Meals on Wheels programs. All across the State, hundreds of vol-unteers regularly deliver freshly cooked nutritious meals to thousands of seniors in their homes, many of whom otherwise might not have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.045 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2260 April 18, 2018 
enough to eat. These volunteers play a critically important role helping en-sure that older Vermonters have access to adequate nutrition. That, in and of itself, is no small matter. These volunteers do much more than just deliver a meal. They also provide invaluable social interaction and com-panionship for the seniors they visit, which goes a long way to combat the effects of isolation that many older Vermonters face, especially in rural areas. Without this social interaction, seniors are more likely to have feelings of loneliness and depression, which puts them at higher risk for dementia, chronic disease, falls, and hospitaliza-tion. The regular visits serve another pur-pose as well. The volunteers routinely check to make sure that the seniors are safe, secure, and warm. They know each person they visit and recognize immediately if something doesn’t seem right. It is no exaggeration to say that they have saved Vermonters’ lives by checking when no one answers the door, taking the time to discover that someone had fallen and been injured. Every single Meals on Wheels volun-teer has my sincere appreciation for their remarkable work. I would also like to recognize the car-ing and dedicated professionals that run Vermont’s Meals on Wheel these programs, from the chefs who prepare the nutritious meals that the volun-teers deliver, to the program staff who ensure that everything runs smoothly. Together, these agencies served more than 1 million meals in Vermont last year alone. They form an indispensable component of our social safety net for older Vermonters. Last month was ‘‘March for Meals,’’ when Meals on Wheels programs across the country expand their outreach to draw attention to the growing need for the services these agencies provide. I am enormously pleased that many of my Vermont staff rode along with Meals on Wheels volunteers across the State to see the wonderful work they are doing.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 10:18 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1512. An act to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account num-bers to young children in cases where con-fidentiality has been compromised. H.R. 4403. An act to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable in-formation, and for other purposes. H.R. 5192. An act to authorize the Commis-sioner of Social Security to provide con-firmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: H. Con. Res. 115. Concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Serv-ice and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 7:15 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 167. An act to designate a National Me-morial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1512. An act to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for the reissuance of Social Security account num-bers to young children in cases where con-fidentiality has been compromised; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 4403. An act to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable in-formation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5192. An act to authorize the Commis-sioner of Social Security to provide con-firmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED The following concurrent resolutions were discharged from the Committee on the Budget pursuant to Section 300 of the Congressional Budget Act, and placed on the calendar: 
S. Con. Res. 36. Concurrent resolution set-ting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. S. Con. Res. 37. Concurrent resolution set-ting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–4921. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment) transmitting, pursuant to law, the National Defense Stockpile (NDS) An-nual Materials Plan (AMP) for fiscal year 2019 and the succeeding four years, fiscal years 2020 - 2023; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4922. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Secretary of De-fense entering into an agreement with a Fed-erally Funded Research Development Center (FFRDC) to provide an independent analysis of the feasibility of developing a budget re-quest for the full Future Years Defense Pro-gram (FYDP); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4923. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Joseph P. DiSalvo, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4924. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Harry B. Harris, Jr., United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4925. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Kenneth E. Tovo, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4926. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting legislative proposals rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–4927. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Fiscal-year Blended Tax Rates for Corporations’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–38) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4928. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interim Notice re-garding the post-enactment application of Rev. Proc. 2004–34’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–35) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4929. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Depreciation De-ductions for Passenger Automobiles’’ (Rev. Proc. 2018–25) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 17, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4930. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Contract Year 2019 Pol-icy and Technical Changes to the Medicare Advantage, Medicare Cost Plan, Medicare Fee-for-Service, the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Programs, and the PACE Pro-gram’’ ((RIN0938–AT08) (CMS–4182–F)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 12, 2018; to the Committee on Finance. EC–4931. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, two reports relative to the Treaty Be-tween the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Fur-ther Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms (the New START Treaty) (OSS–2018–0460); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–4932. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to Italy to support the final assembly and check-out fa-cility of F–35 aircraft in the amount of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.043 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2261 April 18, 2018 
$100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–088); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4933. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and (d) of the Arms Export Con-trol Act, the certification of a proposed li-cense for the manufacture of significant military equipment abroad and the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Israel to support the manufacture, integration, installation, oper-ation, testing, maintenance, and repair of the 120mm GPS Phase 1 and (SAL/GPS) Phase 2 Dual Mode Mortar in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–087); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4934. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms and accessories abroad controlled under Category I of the United States Munitions List to Saudi Arabia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–054); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–4935. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the United Arab Emirates for integration and installa-tion into military vehicles in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–009); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4936. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the United Arab Emirates Armed Forces to provide training, maintenance, and engineering sup-port on AT–802U and S2R–660 Archangel bor-der patrol aircraft in the amount of $50,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 16–081); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–4937. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including tech-nical data, and defense services to the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense to support the assessment, demonstration, and manufacture phase of the Scavenger/PROTECTOR Pro-gram and the subsequent follow on phases in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–080); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4938. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of General Coun-sel, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice for Protests and Appeals Regarding Eligibility for Inclusion in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Verification and Evaluation Data-base’’ (RIN3245–AG87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 17, 2018; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 2113. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construc-tion services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construc-tion services procurements, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–231). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 2413. A bill to provide for the appro-priate use of bridge contracts in Federal pro-curement, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–232). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ISAKSON for the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. *Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Ap-peals for Veterans Claims for the term of fif-teen years. *Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Benefits of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. 2692. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4558 Broadway in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Stanley Michels Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , and Ms. H ARRIS ): S. 2693. A bill to clarify the status and en-hance the effectiveness of immigration courts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 2694. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to lengthen the statute of limitations for enforcing robocall violations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ): S. 2695. A bill to require additional disclo-sures relating to donations to the Presi-dential Inaugural Committee, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CASEY: S. 2696. A bill to provide grants to States to improve and coordinate their response to ensure the safety, permanency, and well- being of children at high risk for abuse and neglect; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mrs. CAPITO ): S. 2697. A bill to require the awareness campaign regarding the risk of abuse of pre-scription opioids if such drugs are not taken as prescribed to include information about dispensing options; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 2698. A bill to make necessary reforms to improve compliance with loss mitigation requirements by servicers of mortgages for single family housing insured by the FHA, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. D
URBIN ): S. 2699. A bill to amend title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require insti-tutions of higher education that participate in programs under such title to distribute voter registration forms to students enrolled at the institution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. WARREN: S. 2700. A bill provide emergency assist-ance to States, territories, Tribal nations, and local areas affected by the opioid epi-demic and to make financial assistance available to States, territories, Tribal na-tions, local areas, and public or private non-profit entities to provide for the develop-ment, organization, coordination, and oper-ation of more effective and cost efficient sys-tems for the delivery of essential services to individuals with substance use disorder and their families; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): S. 2701. A bill to require the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to carry out a pilot program to en-hance the mapping of urban flooding and as-sociated property damage and the avail-ability of that mapped data to homeowners, businesses, and localities to help understand and mitigate the risk of such flooding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 2702. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to clarify the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection with respect to persons regu-lated by a State insurance regulator, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2703. A bill to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 2704. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of methadone under Medicare part B; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 2705. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to expand and clarify the prohibition on inaccurate caller identifica-tion information and to require providers of telephone service to offer technology to sub-scribers to reduce the incidence of unwanted telephone calls and text messages, and for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.010 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2262 April 18, 2018 
other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. TESTER: S. 2706. A bill to amend the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act to provide snow removal assistance to Indian tribes under a Federal emergency declaration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. H
ELLER ): S. 2707. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide educational resources regarding opioid use and pain man-agement as part of the Medicare & You hand-book; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 2708. A bill to provide for the establish-ment of Medicare part E public health plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. TESTER: S. 2709. A bill to statutorily establish Oper-ation Stonegarden, through which eligible law enforcement agencies shall be awarded grants for border security enhancement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H
EINRICH , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. R
EED): S. Res. 473. A resolution expressing no con-fidence in the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency and calling for the immediate resignation of the Adminis-trator; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. MANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N
ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W
ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. Res. 474. A resolution relative to the death of the Honorable John Melcher, Sen-ator from the State of Montana; considered and agreed to. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. Res. 475. A resolution commemorating the 60th anniversary of the North American Aerospace Defense Command; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
URR): S. Res. 476. A resolution designating April 2018 as ‘‘National 9–1–1 Education Month’’; considered and agreed to. By Mr. PAUL: S. Con. Res. 36. A concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028; placed on the calendar. By Mr. PAUL: S. Con. Res. 37. A concurrent resolution setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2019 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028; placed on the calendar. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contribu-tions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 514 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 514, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/EKG-guided resonance therapy to veterans. 
S. 994 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 994, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other purposes. S. 1121 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as cosponsors of S. 1121, a bill to estab-lish a postsecondary student data sys-tem. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anni-versary of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1633 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1633, a bill to promote innovative approaches to outdoor recreation on Federal land and to open up opportunities for collaboration with non-Federal partners, and for other purposes. 
S. 1703 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1703, a bill to amend section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act to allow certain alien veterans to be paroled into the United States to re-ceive health care furnished by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 
S. 1704 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1704, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish a vet-erans visa program to permit veterans who have been removed from the United States to return as immigrants, and for other purposes. 
S. 1725 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1725, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to identify each alien who has served, or is serving, in the Armed Forces of the United States when any alien applies for an immigra-tion benefit or is placed in an immigra-tion enforcement proceeding, and for other purposes. 
S. 1727 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1727, a bill to establish a naturalization office at every initial military training site. 
S. 1730 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) were added as cosponsors of S. 1730, a bill to imple-ment policies to end preventable ma-ternal, newborn, and child deaths glob-ally. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.018 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2263 April 18, 2018 
S. 1857 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1857, a bill to establish a compli-ance deadline of May 15, 2023, for Step 2 emissions standards for new residen-tial wood heaters, new residential hydronic heaters, and forced-air fur-naces. 
S. 2038 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2038, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a presumption of herbicide exposure for certain veterans who served in Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 2061 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2061, a bill to further deployment of Next Generation 9–1–1 services to en-hance and upgrade the Nation’s 9–1–1 systems, and for other purposes. 
S. 2488 
At the request of Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2488, a bill to amend title 37, United States Code, to exclude the receipt of basic allowance for housing for mem-bers of the Armed Forces in deter-mining eligibility for certain Federal benefits, and for other purposes. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2516 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2516, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to conduct a demonstration program to test alternative pain management pro-tocols to limit the use of opioids in emergency departments. 
S. 2565 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2565, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain training or vocational rehabili-tation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2680 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2680, a bill to ad-dress the opioid crisis. At the request of Mr. A
LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2680, supra. S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. 
S. RES. 407 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 407, a resolution recognizing the critical work of human rights de-fenders in promoting human rights, the rule of law, democracy, and good gov-ernance. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): S. 2701. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to carry out a pilot program to enhance the mapping of urban flooding and associated property damage and the availability of that mapped data to homeowners, busi-nesses, and localities to help under-stand and mitigate the risk of such flooding, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2701 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Flood Map-ping Modernization and Homeowner Em-powerment Pilot Program Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. FLOOD MAPPING MODERNIZATION AND HOMEOWNER EMPOWERMENT PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency. (2) C
OASTAL .—The term ‘‘coastal’’ means, with respect to a unit of general local gov-ernment, that the unit borders a body of water that— (A) is more than 2,000 square miles in size; and (B) is not a river. (3) P
ELAGIC .—The term ‘‘pelagic’’ means, with respect to a unit of general local gov-ernment, that— (A) the unit is a coastal unit; and (B) the body of water that the unit borders is— (i) an ocean; or (ii) a large, open body of water, including a bay or a gulf, that empties into an ocean. (4) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘pilot pro-gram’’ means the pilot program carried out by the Administrator under this section. (5) U
RBAN FLOODING .—The term ‘‘urban flooding’’— (A) means the innundation, by water, of property in a built environment, particularly in a densely populated area, that— (i) is caused by falling rain— (I) collecting on an impervious surface; or (II) increasing the level of a body of water that is located near that built environment; and (ii) overwhelms the capacity of drainage systems in the built environment, such as storm sewers; (B) includes— (i) a situation in which stormwater enters a building through a window, door, or other opening; (ii) the backup of water through a sewer pipe, shower, toilet, sink, or floor drain; (iii) the seepage of water through a wall or a floor; (iv) the accumulation of water on property or a public right-of-way; and (v) the overflow from a body of water, such as a river, lake, or ocean; and (C) does not include flooding in an undevel-oped or agricultural area. (6) URBANIZED AREA .—The term ‘‘urbanized area’’ means an area that has been defined and designated as an urbanized area by the Bureau of the Census during the most re-cently completed decennial census. (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall carry out a pilot program to make grants to units of local government to— (1) enhance the production of maps relat-ing to urban flooding and associated prop-erty damage; and (2) increase the availability of the maps de-scribed in paragraph (1) to homeowners, busi-nesses, and units of local government to en-able those entities to minimize the risk of urban flooding. (c) O
BJECTIVES .—Amounts from grants made under the pilot program may be used only to carry out activities that meet the following objectives: (1) Developing a methodology for assessing the risk of urban flooding through the de-ployment of technology-based mapping tools that— (A) are easily understandable by the pub-lic; and (B) effectively convey information regard-ing the level of flood risk. (2) Providing structure-specific projections of annual chance flood frequency. (3) Providing structure-based flood risk as-sessments. (4) Providing program design for the miti-gation of the risk of urban flooding. (5) Incorporating information regarding climate trends into urban flooding risk as-sessments. (6) Making the information described in this subsection publicly available on the Internet through a web-based portal so as to increase transparency regarding homeowner flood risks. (d) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A grant under the pilot program may be made only to— (A) a unit of general local government that is located in an urbanized area with a popu-lation of more than 50,000 individuals; or (B) a stormwater management authority of a unit of general local government described in subparagraph (A). (2) O
NE-TIME GRANTS .—A grant under the pilot program may not be made to— (A) any unit of general local governmental, or the stormwater management authority of a unit of general local government, that pre-viously received a grant under the pilot pro-gram; (B) any unit of general local government if the stormwater management agency for that unit previously received a grant under the pilot program; or (C) any stormwater management agency of a unit of general local government if that unit previously received a grant under the pilot program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.021 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2264 April 18, 2018 
(3) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN STORMWATER  
MANAGEMENT AUTHORITIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a stormwater management authority that op-erates with respect to more than 1 unit of general local government, the application of that authority shall be considered for pur-poses of paragraph (2) of this subsection and subsections (f), (g), and (h)(1) to be made for the largest unit of general local government with respect to which that authority oper-ates. (B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) may be construed to limit the ability of a stormwater management au-thority described in that subparagraph to carry out activities under a demonstration project in any other jurisdiction in, or with respect to any other unit of local govern-ment with, which that authority operates. (e) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible for a grant under the pilot program, a unit of gen-eral local government or a stormwater man-agement agency shall submit to the Admin-istrator an application in such form and con-taining such information as the Adminis-trator shall require. (f) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .— (1) A
NNUAL SELECTION .—Subject to para-graph (2), and to the submission of approv-able applications, in each fiscal year for which amounts are made available for grants under the pilot program, the Administrator shall select, from among applications sub-mitted under subsection (e) for that fiscal year, 3 units of general government or stormwater management authorities to re-ceive grants under the pilot program. (2) A
GGREGATE LIMIT .—Subject only to the submission of approvable applications, the Administrator shall select, in the aggregate over the entire duration of the pilot pro-gram, 12 units of general government or stormwater management authorities to re-ceive grants under the pilot program, as fol-lows: (A) T
IER 1 .—3 of the applicants selected shall be units of general local government, or stormwater management authorities for those units, each of which has a population of more than 800,000 individuals, as follows: (i) P
ELAGIC COASTAL CITY .—One shall be— (I) a unit of general local government that is a pelagic unit; or (II) a stormwater authority for a unit de-scribed in subclause (I). (ii) N
ON-PELAGIC COASTAL CITY .—One shall be— (I) a unit of general local government that— (aa) is a coastal unit; and (bb) is not a pelagic unit; or (II) a stormwater authority for a unit de-scribed in subclause (I). (iii) N
ON-COASTAL CITY .—One shall be— (I) a unit of general local government that is not a coastal unit; or (II) a stormwater authority for a unit de-scribed in subclause (I). (B) T
IER 2 .—Six of the applicants selected shall be units of general local government, or stormwater management authorities for such units, each of which has a population that is more than 200,000 individuals and not more than 800,000 individuals, as follows: (i) C
OASTAL CITIES .—Three shall be— (I) units of general local government that are coastal units; or (II) stormwater management authorities for units described in subclause (I). (ii) N
ON-COASTAL CITIES .—Three shall be— (I) units of general local government that are not coastal units; or (II) stormwater management authorities for units described in subclause (I). (C) T
IER 3 .—Three of the applicants se-lected shall be— (i) units of general local government, each of which has a population that is more than 50,000 individuals but not more than 200,000 individuals; or (ii) stormwater management authorities for units described in clause (i). (g) PRIORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall select applicants for grants under the pilot program based on the extent to which the applications of those applicants shall achieve the objectives described in sub-section (c). (2) T
IERS 2 AND 3 .—In selecting applicants to receive grants under the pilot program under subparagraphs (B) and (C) of sub-section (f)(2), the Administrator shall give priority to applicants— (A) that are highly vulnerable to sea level rise; (B) within which are located a military in-stallation or another facility relating to na-tional security concerns; or (C) that have— (i) populations that are highly vulnerable to urban flooding; and (ii) an uneven capacity for flood mitigation and response efforts resulting from socio-economic factors. (h) A
MOUNT .— (1) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining the amount of a grant under the pilot program, the Administrator shall consider the popu-lation of the grant recipient, which may be considered in terms of the tier under sub-section (f)(2) with respect to the recipient. (2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The amount of a grant under the pilot program may not ex-ceed 75 percent of the total cost incurred in carrying out the activities described in sub-section (c). (i) D
URATION .—The Administrator shall re-quire each recipient of a grant under the pilot program to complete the activities de-scribed in subsection (c), which shall be, sub-ject to subsection (h)(2), carried out using the grant amounts, not later than 18 months after the date on which the recipient ini-tially receives the grant amounts under the pilot program. (j) U
SE OF CENSUS DATA.—The Adminis-trator shall make all determinations regard-ing population under the pilot program by using data from the most recently completed decennial census by the Bureau of the Cen-sus. (k) G
RANTEE REPORTS TO FEMA.—Each re-cipient of a grant under the pilot program shall, not later than 30 months after the date on which the recipient initially receives the grant amounts, submit to the Administrator a report that describes— (1) the activities carried out with the grant amounts; (2) how the activities carried out with the grant amounts have met the objectives de-scribed in subsection (c); (3) any lessons learned in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (2); and (4) any recommendations for future map-ping modernization efforts by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. (l) B
IENNIAL REPORTS BY FEMA.—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter until the date on which all activities carried out with amounts from grants under the pilot pro-gram are completed, the Administrator shall submit to Congress and make available to the public on an Internet website a report that— (1) describes— (A) the progress of the activities carried out with amounts from those grants; and (B) the effectiveness of technology-based mapping tools used in carrying out the ac-tivities described in subparagraph (A); and (2) with respect to the final report that the Administrator is required to submit under this subsection, includes recommendations to Congress and the executive branch of the Federal Government for implementing strat-egies, practices, and technologies to miti-gate the effects of urban flooding. (m) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, because the pilot program is limited with respect to scope and resources, communities that participate in the pilot program should acknowledge that the most successful efforts to mitigate the effects of urban flooding— (1) take a structural-based mitigation ap-proach with respect to construction, which includes— (A) recognizing any post-storm damage that may occur; and (B) pursuing designs that proactively mini-mize future flood damage; (2) make individuals in the community aware, through any cost-effective and avail-able means of education, of the best ap-proaches regarding the construction of prop-erties that are able to survive floods, which reduces the cost of future repairs; and (3) encourage home and property owners to consider the measures described in para-graphs (1) and (2), which are the most cost- effective and prudent ways to reduce the im-pact of flooding, when constructing or ren-ovating building components. (n) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated for grants under the pilot pro-gram— (1) $1,200,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (2) $4,300,000 for fiscal year 2020, to remain available through 2022. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 2703. A bill to authorize the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2703 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authoriza-tion Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
For the purposes of this Act— (1) the term ‘‘firearms offenses’’ means an offense under section 922 or 924 of title 18, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘Program’’ means the Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program established under section 3; and (3) the term ‘‘transnational organized crime group’’ has the meaning given such term in section 36(k)(6) of the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(k)(6)). 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT. 
The Attorney General of the United States is authorized to establish and carry out a program, to be known as the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Block Grant Program’’ with-in the Office of Justice Programs at the De-partment of Justice. 
SEC. 4. PURPOSE. 
(a) P ROJECT SAFE NEIGHBORHOODS BLOCK  G
RANT PROGRAM .—The purpose of the Pro-gram is to foster and improve existing part-nerships between Federal, State, and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.022 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2265 April 18, 2018 
agencies, including the United States Attor-ney in each Federal judicial district, entities representing members of the community af-fected by increased violence, victims’ advo-cates, and researchers to create safer neigh-borhoods through sustained reductions in violent crimes by— (1) developing and executing comprehen-sive strategic plans to reduce violent crimes, including the enforcement of gun laws, and prioritizing efforts focused on identified sub-sets of individuals or organizations respon-sible for increasing violence in a particular geographic area; (2) developing evidence-based and data- driven intervention and prevention initia-tives, including juvenile justice projects and activities which may include street-level outreach, conflict mediation, provision of treatment and social services, and the changing of community norms, in order to reduce violence; and (3) collecting data on outcomes achieved through the Program, including the effect on the violent crime rate, incarceration rate, and recidivism rate of the jurisdiction. (b) A
DDITIONAL PURPOSE AREAS .—In addi- tion to the purpose described in subsection (a), the Attorney General may use funds au-thorized under this Act for any of the fol-lowing purposes— (1) competitive and evidence-based pro-grams to reduce gun crime and gang vio-lence; (2) the Edward Byrne criminal justice inno-vation program; (3) community-based violence prevention initiatives; or (4) gang and youth violence education, pre-vention and intervention, and related activi-ties. 
SEC. 5. RULES AND REGULATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall promulgate rules to create, carry out, and administer the Pro-gram in accordance with this section. (b) F
UNDS TOBEDIRECTED TO LOCAL CON-
TROL .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be, to the greatest extent practicable, locally controlled to ad-dress problems that are identified locally. (c) R
EGIONAL GANG TASKFORCES .—30 per- cent of the amounts made available as grants under the Program each fiscal year shall be granted to established Regional Gang Task Forces in regions experiencing a significant or increased presence of, or high levels of activity from, transnational orga-nized crime groups posing threats to commu-nity safety in terms of violent crime, fire-arms offenses, human trafficking, drug traf-ficking, and other crimes. (d) P
RIORITY .—Amounts made available as grants under the Program shall be used to prioritize the investigation and prosecution of individuals who have an aggravating or leadership role in a criminal organization. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General to carry out the Pro-gram $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021. 
By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. M
URPHY , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. U DALL ): S. 2708. A bill to provide for the es-tablishment of Medicare part E public health plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, the most important words of our Constitu-tion are the first three words: ‘‘We the people.’’ That is the mission statement of our Constitution. Our Founders did not seek to design a government that would enable the powerful and the privileged to make rules to benefit themselves. They didn’t say: We want to have a Constitu-tion that enables the wealthy and the well-connected to take away the riches of this country at the expense of the people. No, they laid out the vision ‘‘We the people.’’ They put that mis-sion statement in supersized font, so even if you were reading the Constitu-tion from across the room, you would understand its core mission—a core mission that unfortunately has been sabotaged in the Citizens United deci-sion, which, instead of pursuing gov-ernment of, by, and for the people, in-stead of providing what Jefferson called the equal voice, mother prin-ciple of America—that each citizen should have an equal voice—proceeds to give the powerful the reins of power through unlimited third-party cam-paign spending. The corruption of our democracy is in full gear, and we see it through the bills that are coming to this floor— bills to wipe out healthcare for 22 to 30 million Americans, a bill that passed that borrows $1.5 trillion from our chil-dren and proceeds to give that money virtually entirely—more than 80 per-cent—to the very richest Americans. I encourage my colleagues to think about how we have a responsibility under our oath of office to fight for this vision of America, not a corrupted ‘‘we the powerful’’ vision of America. As we address the issues that people care about at the kitchen table, it comes down to four basic things. It comes down to education, housing, liv-ing-wage jobs, and healthcare. Eisen-hower said: ‘‘Because the strength of our nation is in its people, their good health is a proper national concern.’’ We have worked to design improved healthcare systems, lower costs, higher quality, and improved accessibility. We have come a long way through the ACA, the expansion of Medicaid, and the establishment of competitive mar-ketplaces for insurance. Indeed, in Or-egon, we reduced the uninsured rate from 15 percent to 5 percent. That is a huge stride forward. We increased our resources in our rural healthcare clin-ics, our rural hospitals, and our urban healthcare clinics and our urban hos-pitals. We strengthened the healthcare system, but it is not enough. We still have 41 million adults in this country who are underinsured. We have 30 mil-lion who remain completely uninsured. That is why, today, I am delighted to join with my colleague Senator CHRIS M
URPHY to introduce the Choose Medi-care Act. Every American deserves the promise of access to a popular, afford-able, high-quality healthcare option. Fortunately, we have such an option. It is called Medicare. It is time-tested. It is well-vetted. It is admired and desired by our seniors. Today, CHRIS MURPHY and I are intro-ducing the Choose Medicare Act, which creates a Medicare option for all, put-ting consumers and businesses in the driver’s seat on the pathway to uni-versal healthcare. With the Choose Medicare Act, we affirm that here in America, healthcare is not a privilege for the wealthy and well-connected. It is a right and a fundamental value to have healthcare for all. I am pleased that we have been joined in introducing this today with nine of our colleagues as original co-sponsors: Senator B
ALDWIN , Senator B
LUMENTHAL , Senator B OOKER , Senator H
ARRIS , Senator H EINRICH , Senator S
HAHEEN , Senator S CHATZ , Senator G
ILLIBRAND , and Senator U DALL . Thank you to each and every one of these original cosponsors, who believe in the vision of improving our healthcare system. We appreciate the groups that worked to help forge this vision to put meat on the bones of this idea: PCCC, which was involved from the very be-ginning with insights, CREDO, Daily Kos, Democracy for America, MoveOn, and Families USA. We appreciate their endorsement of this plan. When we were talking about Medi-care for All, many folks said: How do you create the transition? And back during the ACA discussions, we did de-bate reducing the age of Medicare to 55. We had 60 votes for it in a week but lost our 60th vote. We wrestled with this vision. How do you create the transition? Well, folks come to my townhalls—and I hold a lot of them. I have held well over 300 dur-ing the 10 years I have been serving in the Senate. They come and say: We have this great healthcare plan, Medi-care. Why can’t we buy into it? Why not give us the advantage of its effi-ciency and cost control, its low-admin-istrative costs and high-quality healthcare? That is exactly what C
HRIS MURPHY  and I are putting forward along with our cosponsors—that vision of a Medi-care option for all. That is a ‘‘we the people’’ bill. That is not a bill for the powerful and privileged. That is not government by the wealthy and well- connected. This is about the funda-mental issue people wrestle with around the kitchen table—the com-plexity and the cost of our healthcare system. I am on Medicaid today, but I have earned a little too much, so am I off? How do I get on the exchange in the middle of the year? How do I sign up for those tax credits? What if I don’t get that right? What if the correspond-ence gets lost in the mail or misfiled, which seems to happen? Why can’t we have a simple, seamless system? Well, we have one—Medicare. Folks say: Why can’t we participate? You can, if we pass this bill. It makes sense to create this public option competitor. What we have seen for States that have a public option in their provision for workplace insurance is that the costs come down dramatically. That cer-tainly happened in my home State of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.026 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2266 April 18, 2018 
Oregon. It happened on the other coast in Rhode Island. It has happened around this country. Lyndon Johnson, when he signed the bill for Medicare, said: 
It calls upon us never to be indifferent to-ward despair. It commands us never to turn away from helplessness. It directs us never to ignore or to spurn those who suffer untended in a land that is bursting with abundance. 
Medicare is high-quality coverage for 58 million Americans. It has bargaining power, low administrative costs, and high respect by participants. What does the Choose Medicare Act do? Well, it covers all that Medicare covers today, and then, because it would be open to people of all ages, it throws in pediatric and reproductive healthcare and builds those networks. It strengthens the exchanges by strengthening the tax credits so that the middle class is not stranded when it comes to the affordability of healthcare. It extends those tax credits from 400 percent of poverty to 600 per-cent of poverty, reaching further into the middle class to make that transi-tion—to make healthcare affordable on the exchange. It strengthens, certainly, Medicare itself, by putting a cap on the out-of-pocket costs. For all those who are in traditional Medicare, their Medicare improves as well. It provides the ability to drive down the cost of drugs by giving Medi-care the ability to negotiate those prices. That is certainly a very impor-tant feature. Here we have something that is very popular with the public. When the pub-lic is asked ‘‘Would you like to see the opportunity for every single American to be able to buy into Medicare, have that as an option; it is a voluntary op-tion, but an option,’’ overwhelmingly, they say yes. Democrats say yes. Re-publicans say yes. Independents say yes. They would like to have that op-tion. The more they learn about how a public option has driven down costs, the more they say that this is needed. We not only make it possible to buy it on the exchange, we make it possible for self-insured companies to take ad-vantage of Medicare. We make it pos-sible for employers in regular compa-nies, who are buying other healthcare plans for their employees, to consider buying a Medicare plan. So this reach is broad and deep. That is the type of ‘‘we the people’’ legislation we should be considering on the floor of this Senate—not a healthcare bill designed to destroy healthcare for 22 to 30 million people, as we saw last year courtesy of our ma-jority, not a plan to borrow $1.5 trillion from our children and to give it away to the very richest Americans, the big-gest, boldest bank heist seen in Amer-ican history—perhaps in world history. That is the type of bank heist you would expect out of corrupt, Third World governments, not here in the United States of America, which tells you just how corrupt our election proc-ess has become, with Citizens United allowing unlimited billionaire dollars into our campaign system. We have to fight to take back the vi-sion of our Nation, the ‘‘we the people’’ vision of our Nation. It has been stolen. It has been corrupted, and we have to take it back. When we take it back, we are going to put bills on the floor of this Senate that are about the fun-damentals for families, living-wage jobs, public education and public col-lege education, affordable quality classrooms, and the cost of housing, which is completely out of reach, and, certainly, profound substantial im-provements to our healthcare system. Again, I thank C
HRIS MURPHY for partnering in this project. I supported B
ERNIE SANDERS ’ Medicare for All, and I love that vision. C
HRIS MURPHY sup-ported B
RIAN SCHATZ ’s bill to be able to buy into Medicaid. We don’t have an identical healthcare profile, but what we sought together is the option of buying into Medicare, which is a com-plete win for the American people and a complete win for our healthcare sys-tem. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 473—EX-PRESSING NO CONFIDENCE IN THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY AND CALLING FOR THE IMMEDIATE RESIGNATION OF THE ADMINISTRATOR Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. V AN HOLLEN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. W
YDEN , Ms. S MITH, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C
ASEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. K AINE, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. R
EED) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works: 
S. R ES. 473 Whereas the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency (referred to in this preamble as the ‘‘Administrator’’) is a key position in the Executive Branch; Whereas the mission of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this pre-amble as the ‘‘Agency’’) is to protect human health and the environment; Whereas the Agency is vested by law with the principal responsibility for controlling and abating pollution in the areas of air, water, land, hazardous waste, noise, radi-ation, and toxic substances; Whereas Scott Pruitt, as Administrator, has misused taxpayer dollars by spending those taxpayer dollars on excessive personal conveniences and unnecessary office en-hancements while dramatically cutting budgets and staff for critically important en-forcement, research, and implementation ac-tivities; Whereas, under Administrator Pruitt— (1) the Agency is hemorrhaging staff and experts needed to protect the health, safety, and livelihood of millions of people of the United States, with more than 700 employees of the Agency having left or been forced out of the Agency during his tenure as Adminis-trator; (2) the Agency is seeking to shrink staff of the Agency by 3,200 employees (or roughly 20 percent of the workforce of the Agency of about 15,000), which would make it difficult to implement the mission of the Agency; and (3) top officials of the Agency have been granted permission to also work for private companies while employed by the Agency, creating major conflicts of interest with their positions at the Agency; Whereas, by delaying the effective date of regulations, easing enforcement of existing regulations, and delaying implementation of new regulations, Administrator Pruitt is helping polluters at the expense of the health, safety, and livelihood of millions of people of the United States; Whereas Administrator Pruitt has failed to exercise the enforcement authorities of the Agency, which are necessary to the fulfill-ment of the mission of the Agency, and has hampered career officials and experts from efficiently doing their jobs without political interference by issuing a memorandum that required regional offices of the Agency to first seek permission from Agency head-quarters before— (1) investigating potential pollution viola-tions; (2) requesting information from potential violators; or (3) requiring additional monitoring from companies suspected of violations; Whereas Administrator Pruitt has contin-ually overridden the recommendations of the scientists of the Agency in order to provide relief to industry, leaving in place the use of harmful chemicals, pesticides, and policies that are directly impacting the health and well-being of millions of people of the United States; Whereas the Agency is expected to main-tain and uphold unbiased scientific credi-bility, but Administrator Pruitt— (1) has undertaken actions directly counter to the science-based mission of the Agency by working to undermine and censor science, scientists, and researchers; (2) has skewed the membership of all advi-sory committees of the Agency by removing and barring highly qualified, independent scientists from those advisory committees if the scientist has received grants from the Agency, while allowing individuals who re-ceive funding from industry to serve on those advisory committees; and (3) is attempting to paralyze the ability of the Agency to set health-based pollution standards by restricting the use of scientific research by the Agency unless that research complies with criteria that are intentionally nearly impossible to meet; Whereas Administrator Pruitt— (1) has shielded his actions from the people of the United States, including by refusing to make his schedule public or provide jus-tifications for his policy and rulemaking de-cisions, in a way not done by any previous Administrator; and (2) has claimed unprecedented exemptions on the few requests under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), from outside groups that the Agency has re-sponded to, masking all but the most basic information about meetings, travel, and spending of Administrator Pruitt from the public; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.041 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2267 April 18, 2018 
Whereas Administrator Pruitt has lost the faith of the public through his continued un-dermining of basic ethics, particularly the ethics of impartiality (such as by renting a below-market priced room in a condominium owned by an energy lobbyist with clients who had interests that are regulated by the Agency), and is tarnishing the reputation of serving in public office at the Agency; and Whereas, for the reasons described in this preamble, Scott Pruitt, as Administrator, has failed to faithfully discharge the func-tions of that office: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate that— (1) Scott Pruitt should resign immediately from his post as Administrator of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency; and (2) the President should appoint to the of-fice of Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency an individual who will be committed to the fulfillment of the mission of the Environmental Protection Agency and who is able to fully and faithfully discharge the public duties entrusted to the office of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 474—REL-ATIVE TO THE DEATH OF THE HONORABLE JOHN MELCHER, SENATOR FROM THE STATE OF MONTANA Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C ASSIDY , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mrs. H YDE-SMITH, Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K
ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S MITH, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W
YDEN , and Mr. Y OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 474 Whereas the Honorable John Melcher was first elected to Congress in 1969 and served in the House of Representatives for more than 7 years until 1977 and in the Senate for 12 years until 1989; Whereas the Honorable John Melcher served in the United States Army during World War II and was part of the D-Day inva-sion of Normandy in June 1944; Whereas the Honorable John Melcher re-ceived the Purple Heart, the Combat Infan-tryman’s Badge, and the Bronze Star for his service; Whereas the Honorable John Melcher grad-uated from veterinary school at Iowa State University in 1950, after which he moved with his family to Forsyth, Montana and es-tablished his own veterinary clinic; Whereas the Honorable John Melcher served on the Forsyth city council starting in 1953 and served as mayor from 1955 to 1961 prior to serving as a State representative and State senator in Montana; Whereas the Honorable John Melcher un-derstood the value of public land and paved the way for future pieces of legislation to preserve the breathtaking landscapes of Montana; Whereas the Honorable John Melcher pas-sionately stood up for family farmers and ranchers in Montana and ensured his col-leagues understood the importance of the ag-ricultural sector; and Whereas the Honorable John Melcher served with great humility, determination, integrity, and love of his family, the State of Montana, and the United States: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate— (A) has heard with profound sorrow and deep regret the announcement of the death of the Honorable John Melcher, Senator from the State of Montana; and (B) respectfully requests that the Sec-retary of the Senate communicate this reso-lution to the House of Representatives and transmit an enrolled copy of this resolution to the family of the Honorable John Melcher; and (2) when the Senate adjourns on the date of adoption of this resolution, it stands ad-journed as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased Senator. f SENATE RESOLUTION 475—COM-MEMORATING THE 60TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE NORTH AMER-ICAN AEROSPACE DEFENSE COM-MAND Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 475 Whereas 2018 marks the 60th anniversary of the creation of the North American Aero-space Defense Command, commonly referred to as ‘‘NORAD’’; Whereas the United States and Canada, bound together by history, values, economy, environment, and resolve to improve the lives people of both countries, have long en-joyed a close relationship that has allowed for continuous collaboration, building a prosperous future for the people of both countries; Whereas the United States and Canada have stood shoulder to shoulder in defense of peace and security for more than 100 years, as partners and allies in World War I, World War II, the Korean War, throughout the Cold War, in Afghanistan, and as part of the glob-al coalition against Daesh, working together to advance shared values of both countries; Whereas, as indispensable allies in the de-fense of North America, on May 12, 1958, the United States and Canada signed an official agreement creating the binational North American Aerospace Defense Command and formally acknowledged the mutual commit-ment of both countries to defend their citi-zens from air domain attacks; Whereas this cooperation is an important element of United States and Canadian con-tributions to the collective defense provided by the members of the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization; Whereas the North American Aerospace Defense Command enjoys a unique status as the only fully integrated binational military command; Whereas the North American Aerospace Defense Command is headquartered at Peter-son Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colo-rado, with— (1) 3 subordinate region headquarters lo-cated at— (A) Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska, for the Alaskan NORAD Region; (B) Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida, for the Continental NORAD Region; and (C) Canadian Forces Base Winnipeg, Manitoba, for the Canadian NORAD Re-gion; and (2) 3 subordinate sector command centers at— (A) Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Wash-ington, for the Western Air Defense Sector; (B) Rome, New York, for the Eastern Air Defense Sector; and (C) Canadian Forces Base North Bay, On-tario, for the Canadian Air Defense Sector; Whereas the missions of the North Amer-ican Aerospace Defense Command are to pro-vide aerospace warning, aerospace control, and maritime warning to defend North America; Whereas the North American Aerospace Defense Command and the current oper-ations center of United States Northern Command are connected to a worldwide sys-tem of sensors that provides the Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command with a common operating picture of aerospace and maritime threats; Whereas the Cheyenne Mountain Air Force Station, Colorado, hosts the Alternate Com-mand Center for both the North American Aerospace Defense Command and United States Northern Command; Whereas the Commander of the North American Aerospace Defense Command pro-vides integrated tactical warning and attack assessments to the Government of the United States and the Government of Can-ada; Whereas the North American Aerospace Defense Command detects, intercepts, and, if necessary, engages air domain threats to North America using— (1) a network of space-based and ground- based sensors; (2) airborne radars, fighters, and heli-copters; and (3) ground-based air defense systems; Whereas the Agreement Between the Gov-ernment of the United States and the Gov-ernment of Canada on the North American Aerospace Defense Command, done at Ot-tawa April 28, 2006 (TIAS 06–512), added a maritime warning mission to the slate of re-sponsibilities of the North American Aero-space Defense Command, which entails a shared awareness and understanding of the ongoing activities conducted in United States and Canadian maritime approaches, maritime areas, and inland waterways; Whereas the North American Aerospace Defense Command provides continuous sur-veillance and defense of North American air-space from further airborne aggression or at-tack, as occurred on September 11, 2001, through the ongoing Operation Noble Eagle mission; Whereas the North American Aerospace Defense Command will continue to evolve to address the ever-changing nature of the threats to North America and adapt to fu-ture shared security interests; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.025 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2268 April 18, 2018 
Whereas the outstanding service of United States and Canadian servicemembers from Active Duty and Reserve Component forces and civilians serving at North American Aerospace Defense Command is central to the ability of North America to confront and successfully defeat aerospace threats of the 21st century; and Whereas the continuation of this success-ful relationship between the United States and Canada through the North American Aerospace Defense Command is paramount to the future security of the people of the United States and Canada: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the contributions made by the North American Aerospace Defense Com-mand to the security of North America; (2) commemorates 60 years of excellence and distinctive service by the men and women of the North American Aerospace De-fense Command; (3) reaffirms the critical missions of the North American Aerospace Defense Com-mand headquartered at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado; and (4) supports the role of the North American Aerospace Defense Command in providing bi-national defense of the United States and Canada in the 21st century. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 476—DESIG-NATING APRIL 2018 AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL 9–1–1 EDUCATION MONTH’’ Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. B
URR) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 476 Whereas 9–1–1 is recognized throughout the United States as the number to call in an emergency to receive immediate help from law enforcement agencies, fire services, emergency medical services, and other ap-propriate emergency response entities; Whereas, in 1967, the President’s Commis-sion on Law Enforcement and Administra-tion of Justice recommended that a ‘‘single number should be established’’ nationwide for reporting emergency situations, and var-ious Federal Government agencies and gov-ernmental officials supported and encour-aged the recommendation; Whereas, in 1968, the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (commonly known as ‘‘AT&T’’) announced that it would estab-lish the digits 9–1–1 as the emergency code throughout the United States; Whereas Congress designated 9–1–1 as the national emergency call number in the Wire-less Communications and Public Safety Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–81; 113 Stat. 1286); Whereas section 102 of the ENHANCE 911 Act of 2004 (47 U.S.C. 942 note) declared an enhanced 9–1–1 system to be ‘‘a high national priority’’ and part of ‘‘our Nation’s home-land security and public safety’’; Whereas it is important that policymakers at all levels of government understand the importance of 9–1–1, how the 9–1–1 system works, and the steps that are needed to mod-ernize the 9–1–1 system; Whereas the 9–1–1 system is the connection between the eyes and ears of the public and the emergency response system in the United States and is often the first place emergencies of all magnitudes are reported, making 9–1–1 a significant homeland security asset; Whereas nearly 6,000 9–1–1 public safety an-swering points serve more than 3,000 coun-ties and parishes throughout the United States; Whereas telecommunicators at public safe-ty answering points answer more than 200,000,000 9–1–1 calls each year in the United States; Whereas a growing number of 9–1–1 calls are made using wireless and Internet Pro-tocol-based communications services; Whereas a growing segment of the popu-lation of the United States, including indi-viduals who are deaf or hard of hearing or who suffer from speech or language dis-orders, autism spectrum disorder, cerebral palsy, or anxiety, is increasingly commu-nicating with nontraditional text, video, and instant messaging communications services and expects those services to be able to con-nect directly to 9–1–1; Whereas Next Generation 9-1-1 promises enhanced accessibility, interoperability, flexibility, and features, as well as network resiliency and reliability; Whereas the growth in usage and diver-sification of means of communication to 9–1– 1 services, including mobile and Internet Protocol-based systems, impose unique chal-lenges for accessing 9–1–1 and, thus, require increased education and awareness about the emergency communications capabilities of these different methods of communication; Whereas numerous other ‘‘N–1–1’’ and 800 number services exist for nonemergency sit-uations, including 2–1–1, 3–1–1, 5–1–1, 7–1–1, 8– 1–1, poison control centers, and mental health hotlines, and the public needs to be educated on when to use those services in ad-dition to or instead of 9–1–1; Whereas international visitors and immi-grants make up an increasing percentage of the population of the United States each year, and visitors and immigrants may have limited knowledge of the emergency calling system in the United States; Whereas people of all ages use 9–1–1, and it is critical to educate people on the proper use of 9–1–1; Whereas senior citizens are highly likely to need to access 9–1–1 and many senior citi-zens are learning to use new technology; Whereas thousands of 9–1–1 calls are made every year by children properly trained in the use of 9–1–1, which saves lives and under-scores the critical importance of training children early in life about 9–1–1; Whereas the 9–1–1 system is often misused, including by the placement of prank and nonemergency calls; Whereas misuse of the 9–1–1 system results in costly and inefficient use of 9–1–1 and emergency response resources and needs to be reduced; Whereas parents, teachers, and all other caregivers need to play an active role in 9–1– 1 education for children, but can do so only after first being educated themselves; Whereas there are many avenues for 9–1–1 public education, including safety fairs, school presentations, libraries, churches, businesses, public safety answering point tours or open houses, civic organizations, and senior citizen centers; Whereas children, parents, teachers, and the National Parent Teacher Association make vital contributions to the education of children about the importance of 9–1–1 through targeted outreach efforts to public and private school systems; Whereas the United States should strive to host at least 1 educational event regarding the proper use of 9–1–1 in every school in the country each year; Whereas programs to promote proper use of 9–1–1 during National 9–1–1 Education Month could include— (1) public awareness events, including con-ferences, media outreach, and training ac-tivities for parents, teachers, school admin-istrators, other caregivers, and businesses; (2) educational events in schools and other appropriate venues; and (3) production and distribution of informa-tion about the 9–1–1 system designed to edu-cate people of all ages on the importance and proper use of 9–1–1; and Whereas the people of the United States deserve the best education regarding the use of 9–1–1: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates April 2018 as ‘‘National 9–1–1 Education Month’’; and (2) urges governmental officials, parents, teachers, school administrators, caregivers, businesses, nonprofit organizations, and the people of the United States to observe the month with appropriate ceremonies, training events, and activities. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 36—SETTING FORTH THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET FOR THE UNITED STATES GOVERN-MENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 AND SETTING FORTH THE AP-PROPRIATE BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2020 THROUGH 2028 Mr. PAUL submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was placed on the calendar: 
S. C ON. RES. 36 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that this resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 and that this resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses Sec. 1101. Recommended levels and amounts. Sec. 1102. Major functional categories. Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate Sec. 1201. Social Security in the Senate. Sec. 1202. Postal Service discretionary ad-ministrative expenses in the Senate. TITLE II—RECONCILIATION Sec. 2001. Reconciliation in the Senate. TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS Sec. 3001. Deficit reduction fund for effi-ciencies, consolidations, and other savings. Sec. 3002. Reserve fund relating to health savings accounts. TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS Sec. 4001. Voting threshold for points of order. Sec. 4002. Emergency legislation. Sec. 4003. Enforcement of allocations, aggre-gates, and other levels. Sec. 4004. Point of order against legislation providing funding within more than 3 suballocations under sec-tion 302(b). Sec. 4005. Duplication determinations by the Congressional Budget Office. Sec. 4006. Breakdown of cost estimates by budget function. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.029 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2269 April 18, 2018 
Sec. 4007. Sense of the Senate on treatment of reduction of appropriations levels to achieve savings. Sec. 4008. Prohibition on preemptive waiv-ers. Sec. 4009. Adjustments for legislation reduc-ing appropriations. Sec. 4010. Authority. Sec. 4011. Exercise of rulemaking powers. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses 
SEC. 1101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-priate for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028: (1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution: (A) The recommended levels of Federal revenues are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $2,590,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $2,736,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $2,845,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $2,990,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,164,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,338,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,513,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,807,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $4,058,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $4,230,000,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: ¥$1,800,000,000. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution, the ap-propriate levels of total new budget author-ity are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $3,474,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,233,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,070,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,086,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,049,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,018,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,068,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,097,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,127,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $3,159,000,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution, the appro-priate levels of total budget outlays are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $3,151,170,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,119,660,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,088,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,057,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,027,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $2,996,730,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,026,700,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,056,970,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,087,540,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $3,118,410,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS .—For purposes of the enforce-ment of this resolution, the amounts of the deficits are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: ¥$708,170,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: ¥$550,660,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: ¥$435,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: ¥$290,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$118,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $49,270,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $156,300,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $379,030,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $555,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $649,590,000,000. (5) P
UBLIC DEBT .—Pursuant to section 301(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(a)(5)), the appropriate levels of the public debt are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $16,559,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $17,483,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $18,473,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $19,554,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $20,729,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $21,979,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $23,369,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $24,943,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $26,454,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $27,929,000,000,000. (6) DEBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The appro-priate levels of debt held by the public are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $22,278,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $23,223,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $24,196,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $25,199,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $26,320,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $27,544,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $28,854,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $30,435,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $31,792,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $32,985,000,000,000. 
SEC. 1102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
Congress determines and declares that the appropriate levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2019 through 2028 for each major functional category are: (1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $728,697,000,000. (B) Outlays, $678,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $660,632,000,000. (B) Outlays, $660,658,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $676,312,000,000. (B) Outlays, $664,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $692,752,000,000. (B) Outlays, $681,476,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $709,588,000,000. (B) Outlays, $689,183,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $726,971,000,000. (B) Outlays, $698,885,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $744,692,000,000. (B) Outlays, $720,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $762,838,000,000. (B) Outlays, $738,346,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $781,485,000,000. (B) Outlays, $756,358,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $801,504,000,000. (B) Outlays, $780,743,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $64,431,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,945,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $65,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,737,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $66,600,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,679,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $65,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,253,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $66,750,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,465,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $68,424,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,300,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $69,986,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,812,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $71,603,000,000. (B) Outlays, $67,379,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $73,243,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,920,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $74,887,000,000. (B) Outlays, $70,533,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology (250): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $32,740,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,054,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $33,488,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,708,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $34,287,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,452,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $35,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,251,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $35,897,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,052,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $36,762,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,901,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $37,602,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,729,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $38,445,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,562,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $39,321,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,406,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $40,209,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,279,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $4,528,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,318,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,096,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $4,910,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,340,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $3,601,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $3,325,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,491,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $3,385,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,504,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $3,415,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $3,226,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,358,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $3,263,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,599,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $5,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,306,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment (300): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $61,470,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,549,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $63,358,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,737,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $64,559,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,031,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $65,036,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,715,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $68,045,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,876,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $69,679,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,770,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2270 April 18, 2018 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $70,871,000,000. (B) Outlays, $55,537,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $73,144,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,364,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $75,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,815,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $76,866,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,282,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,298,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,428,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $22,766,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,978,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $24,355,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,651,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $25,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,348,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $24,957,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $25,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,613,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $25,663,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $26,210,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,483,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $26,289,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,556,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $26,658,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,906,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $14,872,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $15,418,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,225,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $16,254,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,329,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $17,211,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,115,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $15,639,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,298,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $16,139,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,485,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $16,941,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,303,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $16,387,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,988,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $16,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $17,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,481,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $97,591,000,000. (B) Outlays, $95,044,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $92,360,000,000. (B) Outlays, $97,971,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $93,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $100,252,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $94,376,000,000. (B) Outlays, $102,552,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $95,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $104,527,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $96,430,000,000. (B) Outlays, $106,561,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $97,474,000,000. (B) Outlays, $108,958,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $98,513,000,000. (B) Outlays, $111,165,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $99,592,000,000. (B) Outlays, $113,347,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $100,694,000,000. (B) Outlays, $115,454,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development (450): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $94,402,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,448,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $96,527,000,000. (B) Outlays, $52,317,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $98,551,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,177,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $100,369,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,792,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $102,536,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,632,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $104,881,000,000. (B) Outlays, $77,874,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $107,129,000,000. (B) Outlays, $83,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $109,391,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $111,747,000,000. (B) Outlays, $94,133,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $114,100,000,000. (B) Outlays, $98,552,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services (500): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $113,915,000,000. (B) Outlays, $112,015,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $119,502,000,000. (B) Outlays, $122,505,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $123,046,000,000. (B) Outlays, $120,471,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $124,528,000,000. (B) Outlays, $122,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $124,302,000,000. (B) Outlays, $123,832,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $126,992,000,000. (B) Outlays, $125,189,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $129,884,000,000. (B) Outlays, $127,700,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $132,659,000,000. (B) Outlays, $130,520,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $135,302,000,000. (B) Outlays, $133,099,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $138,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $136,024,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $591,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, $577,105,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $615,248,000,000. (B) Outlays, $593,448,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $635,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $618,465,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $675,763,000,000. (B) Outlays, $655,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $708,406,000,000. (B) Outlays, $689,210,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $732,919,000,000. (B) Outlays, $725,742,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $770,809,000,000. (B) Outlays, $763,995,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $811,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $803,094,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $852,990,000,000. (B) Outlays, $845,612,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $892,330,000,000. (B) Outlays, $888,883,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $648,565,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,231,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $693,013,000,000. (B) Outlays, $692,686,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $646,698,000,000. (B) Outlays, $746,329,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $837,357,000,000. (B) Outlays, $836,993,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $861,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, $860,646,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $878,101,000,000. (B) Outlays, $877,735,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $983,143,000,000. (B) Outlays, $982,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $1,052,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,025,196,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $1,127,150,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,126,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $1,271,586,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,271,204,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $527,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $519,077,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $539,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $529,959,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $55,766,000,000. (B) Outlays, $546,954,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $578,382,000,000. (B) Outlays, $575,912,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $588,808,000,000. (B) Outlays, $581,459,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $598,211,000,000. (B) Outlays, $585,933,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $618,261,000,000. (B) Outlays, $606,904,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $633,569,000,000. (B) Outlays, $628,222,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $634,354,000,000. (B) Outlays, $625,722,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $655,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $652,253,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2019: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2271 April 18, 2018 
(A) New budget authority, $35,977,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,977,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $39,035,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,035,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $42,028,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,028,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $45,053,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,053,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $48,312,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,312,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $51,893,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,893,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $55,894,000,000. (B) Outlays, $55,894,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $66,328,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $72,886,000,000. (B) Outlays, $72,886,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $78,066,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,066,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $192,838,000,000. (B) Outlays, $192,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $200,133,000,000. (B) Outlays, $198,629,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $207,549,000,000. (B) Outlays, $205,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $215,660,000,000. (B) Outlays, $222,648,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $222,313,000,000. (B) Outlays, $220,784,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $229,290,000,000. (B) Outlays, $218,166,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $237,747,000,000. (B) Outlays, $235,727,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $245,652,000,000. (B) Outlays, $243,565,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $235,852,000,000. (B) Outlays, $251,684,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $264,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $272,947,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $71,727,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,352,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $64,842,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,645,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $65,374,000,000. (B) Outlays, $70,625,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $67,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $69,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,319,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $70,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,297,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $72,676,000,000. (B) Outlays, $72,145,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $74,281,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,728,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $77,691,000,000. (B) Outlays, $77,057,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $84,842,000,000. (B) Outlays, $84,118,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $27,557,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,853,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $28,083,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,586,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $28,734,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,853,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $30,232,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,174,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $30,271,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,233,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $30,837,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $32,075,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,735,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $32,619,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $33,435,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,931,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $34,348,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,694,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $470,776,000,000. (B) Outlays, $470,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $564,099,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,099,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $648,352,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,352,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $719,672,000,000. (B) Outlays, $719,672,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $764,950,000,000. (B) Outlays, $764,950,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $799,781,000,000. (B) Outlays, $799,781,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $831,612,000,000. (B) Outlays, $831,612,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $907,391,000,000. (B) Outlays, $907,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $789,792,000,000. (B) Outlays, $789,792,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $834,173,000,000. (B) Outlays, $834,173,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $27,679,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,575,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$48,134,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$19,403,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$50,972,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$35,311,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$54,331,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$47,988,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$56,504,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$53,490,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$59,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$58,510,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$61,801,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$61,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$63,711,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$63,348,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$66,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$65,559,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, ¥$62,662,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$65,293,000,000. (20) New Efficiencies, Consolidations, and Other Savings (930): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$426,137,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$308,812,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$668,153,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$468,659,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$882,483,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$647,654,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,209,600,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$905,483,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,331,706,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,069,229,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,470,058,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,235,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,712,029,000,000. 
(B) Outlays, ¥$1,443,138,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,899,768,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,660,922,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$2,064,040,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,840,142,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, ¥$2,411,721,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$2,169,051,000,000. (21) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$81,989,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$81,989,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$83,624,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$83,624,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$85,942,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$85,942,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$88,436,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$88,436,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$88,048,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$88,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$90,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$90,874,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$100,925,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$100,925,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$96,114,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$96,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$98,827,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$98,827,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, ¥$102,191,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$102,191,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2272 April 18, 2018 
Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate 
SEC. 1201. SOCIAL SECURITY IN THE SENATE. 
(a) S OCIAL SECURITY REVENUES .—For pur- poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of revenues of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-vivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as fol-lows: Fiscal year 2019: $905,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $941,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $995,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,049,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,103,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,164,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,226,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $1,296,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $1,361,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $1,442,000,000,000. (b) S
OCIAL SECURITY OUTLAYS .—For pur- poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $897,332,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $955,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $1,015,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,079,773,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,147,889,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,219,609,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,293,326,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $1,370,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $1,451,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $1,539,941,000,000. (c) S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for administrative expenses are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $5,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,831,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,759,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $5,906,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,837,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $6,057,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,975,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $6,236,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,142,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $6,424,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,331,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $6,616,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,522,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $6,816,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,718,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $7,023,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,922,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $7,246,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,186,000,000. 
SEC. 1202. POSTAL SERVICE DISCRETIONARY AD-MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES IN THE SENATE. 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Postal Service for discretionary administrative ex-penses are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $285,000,000. (B) Outlays, $285,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $284,000,000. (B) Outlays, $284,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $285,000,000. (B) Outlays, $285,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $286,000,000. (B) Outlays, $286,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $286,000,000. (B) Outlays, $286,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $287,000,000. (B) Outlays, $287,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $288,000,000. (B) Outlays, $288,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $289,000,000. (B) Outlays, $289,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $289,000,000. (B) Outlays, $289,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $290,000,000. (B) Outlays, $290,000,000. TITLE II—RECONCILIATION SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) A GRICULTURE , N UTRITION , AND FOR-
ESTRY .—The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (b) A
RMED SERVICES .—The Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (c) B
ANKING , H OUSING , AND URBAN AF-
FAIRS .—The Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (d) C
OMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND TRANSPOR -
TATION .—The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (e) E
NERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES .—The Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (f) E
NVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS .—The Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the def-icit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (g) F
INANCE .— (1) D
EFICIT .—The Committee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (2) R
EVENUE .—The Committee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce revenues by not less than $18,600,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (h) F
OREIGN RELATIONS .—The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (i) HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND PEN-
SIONS .—The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (j) H
OMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERN -
MENTAL AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (k) I
NDIAN AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (l) I
NTELLIGENCE .—The Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (m) J
UDICIARY .—The Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the def-icit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (n) R
ULES AND ADMINISTRATION .—The Com- mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (o) V
ETERANS AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Veterans Affairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (p) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later than June 20, 2018, the committees named in subsections (a) through (o) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon receiving such recommendations, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall report to the Sen-ate a reconciliation bill carrying out all such recommendations without any substantive revision. TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 3001. DEFICIT REDUCTION FUND FOR EFFI-CIENCIES, CONSOLIDATIONS, AND OTHER SAVINGS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efficiencies, consolida-tions, and other savings by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would reduce the deficit over the period of the total of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2273 April 18, 2018 
SEC. 3002. RESERVE FUND RELATING TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to health savings accounts by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes. TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS 
SEC. 4001. VOTING THRESHOLD FOR POINTS OF ORDER. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered point of order’’ means a point of order— (1) under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.), or a concurrent resolu-tion on the budget; and (2) which, but for subsection (b), may be waived only by the affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn. (b) V
OTING THRESHOLD .—In the Senate— (1) a covered point of order may be waived only by the affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn; and (2) an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a covered point of order. 
SEC. 4002. EMERGENCY LEGISLATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—In the Sen-ate, with respect to a provision of direct spending or receipts legislation or appropria-tions for discretionary accounts that Con-gress designates as an emergency require-ment, by an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, in such measure, the amounts of new budget authority, outlays, and receipts in all fiscal years resulting from that provision shall be treated as an emergency requirement for the purpose of this section. (b) E
XEMPTION OF EMERGENCY PROVI-
SIONS .—Any new budget authority, outlays, and receipts resulting from any provision designated as an emergency requirement, pursuant to this section, in any bill, joint resolution, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report shall not count for purposes of sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, sec-tion 3101 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, and sections 401 and 404 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. Designated emergency provisions shall not count for the purpose of revising allocations, aggregates, or other levels pursuant to pro-cedures established under section 301(b)(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(b)(7)) for deficit-neutral reserve funds and revising discretionary spending limits set pursuant to section 301 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. (c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—If a provision of legisla-tion is designated as an emergency require-ment under this section, the committee re-port and any statement of managers accom-panying that legislation shall include an ex-planation of the manner in which the provi-sion meets the criteria in subsection (f). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘direct spending’’, ‘‘receipts’’, and ‘‘appro-priations for discretionary accounts’’ mean any provision of a bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that affects direct spending, receipts, or appropriations as those terms have been defined and inter-preted for purposes of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.). (e) POINT OF ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-sidering a bill, resolution, amendment, mo-tion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report, if a point of order is made by a Senator against an emergency designa-tion in that measure, that provision making such a designation shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (2) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEALS .— (A) W
AIVER .—Paragraph (1) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an af-firmative vote of five-eighths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. (B) A
PPEALS .—Appeals in the Senate from the decisions of the Chair relating to any provision of this subsection shall be limited to 1 hour, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the appellant and the manager of the bill or joint resolution, as the case may be. An affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an ap-peal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this subsection. (3) D
EFINITION OF AN EMERGENCY DESIGNA -
TION.—For purposes of paragraph (1), a provi-sion shall be considered an emergency des-ignation if it designates any item as an emergency requirement pursuant to this sub-section. (4) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under paragraph (1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (5) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this sec-tion, and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference report shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a fur-ther amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a con-ference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference report by operation of this subsection), no further amendment shall be in order. (f) C
RITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, any provision is an emergency require-ment if the situation addressed by such pro-vision is— (A) necessary, essential, or vital (not mere-ly useful or beneficial); (B) sudden, quickly coming into being, and not building up over time; (C) an urgent, pressing, and compelling need requiring immediate action; (D) subject to paragraph (2), unforeseen, unpredictable, and unanticipated; and (E) not permanent, temporary in nature. (2) U
NFORESEEN .—An emergency that is part of an aggregate level of anticipated emergencies, particularly when normally es-timated in advance, is not unforeseen. (g) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—In the Senate, sec-tion 4112 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, shall no longer apply. SEC. 4003. ENFORCEMENT OF ALLOCATIONS, AG-GREGATES, AND OTHER LEVELS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—During each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, it shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cause the amount of new budget authority, outlays, or deficits to be more than, or would cause the amount of revenues to be less than, the amount set forth under any allocation, aggregate, or other level established under this resolution. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of five-eighths of the Mem-bers of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4004. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION PROVIDING FUNDING WITHIN MORE THAN 3 SUBALLOCATIONS UNDER SECTION 302(b). 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that appropriates amounts that are within more than 3 of the suballoca-tions under section 302(b) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(b)). (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of five-eighths of the Mem-bers of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4005. DUPLICATION DETERMINATIONS BY THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OF-FICE. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered legislation’’ means a bill or resolu-tion of a public character reported by any committee of the Senate. (b) D
UPLICATION DETERMINATIONS BY THE  C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE .—Any esti-mate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) for covered legislation shall include an analysis that in-cludes— (1) a determination of whether the covered legislation creates any new Federal program, office, or initiative that would duplicate or overlap with any existing Federal entity with similar mission, purpose, goals, or ac-tivities; and (2) a listing of all such instances of dupli-cation or overlapping created by the covered legislation. 
SEC. 4006. BREAKDOWN OF COST ESTIMATES BY BUDGET FUNCTION. 
Any cost estimate prepared by the Con-gressional Budget Office shall specify the percentage of the estimated cost that is within each budget function. 
SEC. 4007. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON TREAT-MENT OF REDUCTION OF APPRO-PRIATIONS LEVELS TO ACHIEVE SAVINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) H. Con. Res. 448 (96th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 1981, gave authorizing committees reconciliation instructions which amounted to approximately two-thirds of the savings required under reconciliation. (2) The language in H. Con. Res. 448 re-sulted in a debate about how reconciling dis-cretionary spending programs could be in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2274 April 18, 2018 
order given that authorizations of appropria-tions for programs did not actually change spending and the programs authorized would be funded through later annual appropria-tion. The staff of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the counsel to the Majority Leader advised that upon consulta-tion with the Parliamentarian, the original instructions on discretionary spending would be out of order because of the phrase, ‘‘to modify programs’’. This was seen as too broad and programs could be modified with-out resulting in changes to their future ap-propriations. (3) To rectify this violation, the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate reported S. Con. Res. 9 (97th Congress), revising the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal years 1981, 1982, and 1983, to include reconciliation, which revised the language in the reconciliation instruc-tions to change entitlement law and ‘‘to re-port changes in laws within the jurisdiction of that committee sufficient to reduce appro-priations levels so as to achieve savings’’. (4) This was understood to mean changes in authorization language of discretionary pro-grams would be permissible under reconcili-ation procedures provided such changes in law would have the result in affecting a change in later outlays derived from future appropriations. Further it was understood that a change in authorization language that caused a change in later outlays was consid-ered to be a change in outlays for the pur-pose of reconciliation. (5) On April 2, 1981, the Senate voted 88 to 10 to approve S. Con. Res. 9 with the modi-fied reconciliation language. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that committees reporting changes in laws within the jurisdiction of that committee sufficient to reduce appro-priations levels so as to achieve savings shall be considered to be changes in outlays for the purpose of enforcing the prohibition on extraneous matters in reconciliation bills. 
SEC. 4008. PROHIBITION ON PREEMPTIVE WAIV-ERS. 
In the Senate, it shall not be in order to move to waive or suspend a point of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolu-tion on the budget with respect to a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report unless the point of order has been specifically raised by a Senator. 
SEC. 4009. ADJUSTMENTS FOR LEGISLATION RE-DUCING APPROPRIATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions in effect under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) and the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appro-priate levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolution considered pursuant to sec-tion 2001 containing the recommendations of one or more committees, or for one or more amendments to, a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to such a bill or joint resolution, by the amounts necessary to accommodate the re-duction in the amount of discretionary ap-propriations for a fiscal year caused by the measure. 
SEC. 4010. AUTHORITY. 
Congress adopts this title under the au-thority under section 301(b)(4) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(b)(4)). 
SEC. 4011. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Congress adopts the provisions of this title— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such they shall be con-sidered as part of the rules of the Senate and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of the Senate to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 37—SETTING FORTH THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET FOR THE UNITED STATES GOVERN-MENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 AND SETTING FORTH THE AP-PROPRIATE BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2020 THROUGH 2028 Mr. PAUL submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was placed on the calendar: 
S. C ON. RES. 37 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
(a) D ECLARATION .—Congress declares that this resolution is the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 and that this resolution sets forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this concurrent resolution is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses Sec. 1101. Recommended levels and amounts. Sec. 1102. Major functional categories. Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate Sec. 1201. Social Security in the Senate. Sec. 1202. Postal Service discretionary ad-ministrative expenses in the Senate. TITLE II—RECONCILIATION Sec. 2001. Reconciliation in the Senate. TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS Sec. 3001. Deficit reduction fund for effi-ciencies, consolidations, and other savings. Sec. 3002. Reserve fund relating to health savings accounts. TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS Sec. 4001. Voting threshold for points of order. Sec. 4002. Emergency legislation. Sec. 4003. Enforcement of allocations, aggre-gates, and other levels. Sec. 4004. Duplication determinations by the Congressional Budget Office. Sec. 4005. Breakdown of cost estimates by budget function. Sec. 4006. Sense of the Senate on treatment of reduction of appropriations levels to achieve savings. Sec. 4007. Prohibition on preemptive waiv-ers. Sec. 4008. Adjustments for legislation reduc-ing appropriations. Sec. 4009. Authority. Sec. 4010. Exercise of rulemaking powers. TITLE I—RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS Subtitle A—Budgetary Levels in Both Houses SEC. 1101. RECOMMENDED LEVELS AND AMOUNTS. 
The following budgetary levels are appro-priate for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028: (1) F
EDERAL REVENUES .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution: (A) The recommended levels of Federal revenues are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $2,590,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $2,736,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $2,845,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $2,990,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,164,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,338,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,513,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,807,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $4,058,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $4,230,000,000,000. (B) The amounts by which the aggregate levels of Federal revenues should be changed are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: ¥$1,800,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: ¥$1,800,000,000. (2) N
EW BUDGET AUTHORITY .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution, the ap-propriate levels of total new budget author-ity are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $3,474,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,233,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,070,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,086,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,049,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $3,018,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,068,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,097,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,127,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $3,159,000,000,000. (3) B
UDGET OUTLAYS .—For purposes of the enforcement of this resolution, the appro-priate levels of total budget outlays are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $3,151,170,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $3,119,660,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $3,088,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $3,057,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $3,027,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $2,996,730,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $3,026,700,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $3,056,970,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $3,087,540,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $3,118,410,000,000. (4) D
EFICITS .—For purposes of the enforce-ment of this resolution, the amounts of the deficits are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: ¥$708,170,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: ¥$550,660,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: ¥$435,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: ¥$290,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: ¥$118,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $49,270,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $156,300,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $379,030,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $555,460,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $649,590,000,000. (5) P
UBLIC DEBT .—Pursuant to section 301(a)(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(a)(5)), the appropriate levels of the public debt are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $16,559,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $17,483,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $18,473,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $19,554,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $20,729,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $21,979,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $23,369,000,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.030 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2275 April 18, 2018 
Fiscal year 2026: $24,943,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $26,454,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $27,929,000,000,000. (6) D
EBT HELD BY THE PUBLIC .—The appro-priate levels of debt held by the public are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $22,278,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $23,223,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $24,196,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $25,199,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $26,320,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $27,544,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $28,854,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $30,435,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $31,792,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $32,985,000,000,000. 
SEC. 1102. MAJOR FUNCTIONAL CATEGORIES. 
Congress determines and declares that the appropriate levels of new budget authority and outlays for fiscal years 2019 through 2028 for each major functional category are: (1) National Defense (050): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $728,697,000,000. (B) Outlays, $678,276,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $660,632,000,000. (B) Outlays, $660,658,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $676,312,000,000. (B) Outlays, $664,529,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $692,752,000,000. (B) Outlays, $681,476,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $709,588,000,000. (B) Outlays, $689,183,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $726,971,000,000. (B) Outlays, $698,885,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $744,692,000,000. (B) Outlays, $720,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $762,838,000,000. (B) Outlays, $738,346,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $781,485,000,000. (B) Outlays, $756,358,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $801,504,000,000. (B) Outlays, $780,743,000,000. (2) International Affairs (150): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $64,431,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,945,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $65,994,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,737,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $66,600,000,000. (B) Outlays, $57,679,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $65,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,253,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $66,750,000,000. (B) Outlays, $62,465,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $68,424,000,000. (B) Outlays, $64,300,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $69,986,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,812,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $71,603,000,000. (B) Outlays, $67,379,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $73,243,000,000. (B) Outlays, $68,920,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $74,887,000,000. (B) Outlays, $70,533,000,000. (3) General Science, Space, and Technology (250): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $32,740,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,054,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $33,488,000,000. (B) Outlays, $32,708,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $34,287,000,000. (B) Outlays, $33,452,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $35,089,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,251,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $35,897,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,052,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $36,762,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,901,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $37,602,000,000. (B) Outlays, $36,729,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $38,445,000,000. (B) Outlays, $37,562,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $39,321,000,000. (B) Outlays, $38,406,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $40,209,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,279,000,000. (4) Energy (270): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $4,528,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,318,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,096,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,104,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $4,910,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,340,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $3,601,000,000. (B) Outlays, $3,100,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $3,325,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,491,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $3,385,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,504,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $3,415,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,542,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $3,226,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,358,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $3,263,000,000. (B) Outlays, $2,599,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $5,965,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,306,000,000. (5) Natural Resources and Environment (300): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $61,470,000,000. (B) Outlays, $43,549,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $63,358,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,737,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $64,559,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,031,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $65,036,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,715,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $68,045,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,876,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $69,679,000,000. (B) Outlays, $53,770,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $70,871,000,000. (B) Outlays, $55,537,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $73,144,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,364,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $75,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $60,815,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $76,866,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,282,000,000. (6) Agriculture (350): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $23,298,000,000. (B) Outlays, $22,428,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $22,766,000,000. (B) Outlays, $21,978,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $24,355,000,000. (B) Outlays, $23,651,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $25,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,348,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $24,957,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,269,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $25,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,613,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $25,663,000,000. (B) Outlays, $34,919,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $26,210,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,483,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $26,289,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,556,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $26,658,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,906,000,000. (7) Commerce and Housing Credit (370): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $14,872,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,858,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $15,418,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,225,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $16,254,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,329,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $17,211,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,115,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $15,639,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,298,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $16,139,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,485,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $16,941,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,303,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $16,387,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,988,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $16,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, $4,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $17,230,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,481,000,000. (8) Transportation (400): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $97,591,000,000. (B) Outlays, $95,044,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $92,360,000,000. (B) Outlays, $97,971,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $93,359,000,000. (B) Outlays, $100,252,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $94,376,000,000. (B) Outlays, $102,552,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $95,381,000,000. (B) Outlays, $104,527,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $96,430,000,000. (B) Outlays, $106,561,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $97,474,000,000. (B) Outlays, $108,958,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.031 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2276 April 18, 2018 
(A) New budget authority, $98,513,000,000. (B) Outlays, $111,165,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $99,592,000,000. (B) Outlays, $113,347,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $100,694,000,000. (B) Outlays, $115,454,000,000. (9) Community and Regional Development (450): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $94,402,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,448,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $96,527,000,000. (B) Outlays, $52,317,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $98,551,000,000. (B) Outlays, $58,177,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $100,369,000,000. (B) Outlays, $65,792,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $102,536,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,632,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $104,881,000,000. (B) Outlays, $77,874,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $107,129,000,000. (B) Outlays, $83,994,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $109,391,000,000. (B) Outlays, $89,580,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $111,747,000,000. (B) Outlays, $94,133,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $114,100,000,000. (B) Outlays, $98,552,000,000. (10) Education, Training, Employment, and Social Services (500): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $113,915,000,000. (B) Outlays, $112,015,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $119,502,000,000. (B) Outlays, $122,505,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $123,046,000,000. (B) Outlays, $120,471,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $124,528,000,000. (B) Outlays, $122,610,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $124,302,000,000. (B) Outlays, $123,832,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $126,992,000,000. (B) Outlays, $125,189,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $129,884,000,000. (B) Outlays, $127,700,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $132,659,000,000. (B) Outlays, $130,520,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $135,302,000,000. (B) Outlays, $133,099,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $138,309,000,000. (B) Outlays, $136,024,000,000. (11) Health (550): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $591,976,000,000. (B) Outlays, $577,105,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $615,248,000,000. (B) Outlays, $593,448,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $635,103,000,000. (B) Outlays, $618,465,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $675,763,000,000. (B) Outlays, $655,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $708,406,000,000. (B) Outlays, $689,210,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $732,919,000,000. (B) Outlays, $725,742,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $770,809,000,000. (B) Outlays, $763,995,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $811,032,000,000. (B) Outlays, $803,094,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $852,990,000,000. (B) Outlays, $845,612,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $892,330,000,000. (B) Outlays, $888,883,000,000. (12) Medicare (570): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $648,565,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,231,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $693,013,000,000. (B) Outlays, $692,686,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $646,698,000,000. (B) Outlays, $746,329,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $837,357,000,000. (B) Outlays, $836,993,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $861,007,000,000. (B) Outlays, $860,646,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $878,101,000,000. (B) Outlays, $877,735,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $983,143,000,000. (B) Outlays, $982,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $1,052,579,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,025,196,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $1,127,150,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,126,771,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $1,271,586,000,000. (B) Outlays, $1,271,204,000,000. (13) Income Security (600): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $527,870,000,000. (B) Outlays, $519,077,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $539,364,000,000. (B) Outlays, $529,959,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $55,766,000,000. (B) Outlays, $546,954,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $578,382,000,000. (B) Outlays, $575,912,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $588,808,000,000. (B) Outlays, $581,459,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $598,211,000,000. (B) Outlays, $585,933,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $618,261,000,000. (B) Outlays, $606,904,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $633,569,000,000. (B) Outlays, $628,222,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $634,354,000,000. (B) Outlays, $625,722,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $655,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $652,253,000,000. (14) Social Security (650): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $35,977,000,000. (B) Outlays, $35,977,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $39,035,000,000. (B) Outlays, $39,035,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $42,028,000,000. (B) Outlays, $42,028,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $45,053,000,000. (B) Outlays, $45,053,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $48,312,000,000. (B) Outlays, $48,312,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $51,893,000,000. (B) Outlays, $51,893,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $55,894,000,000. (B) Outlays, $55,894,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $66,328,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,328,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $72,886,000,000. (B) Outlays, $72,886,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $78,066,000,000. (B) Outlays, $78,066,000,000. (15) Veterans Benefits and Services (700): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $192,838,000,000. (B) Outlays, $192,108,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $200,133,000,000. (B) Outlays, $198,629,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $207,549,000,000. (B) Outlays, $205,736,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $215,660,000,000. (B) Outlays, $222,648,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $222,313,000,000. (B) Outlays, $220,784,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $229,290,000,000. (B) Outlays, $218,166,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $237,747,000,000. (B) Outlays, $235,727,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $245,652,000,000. (B) Outlays, $243,565,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $235,852,000,000. (B) Outlays, $251,684,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $264,156,000,000. (B) Outlays, $272,947,000,000. (16) Administration of Justice (750): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $71,727,000,000. (B) Outlays, $63,352,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $64,842,000,000. (B) Outlays, $66,645,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $65,374,000,000. (B) Outlays, $70,625,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $67,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,369,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $69,001,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,319,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $70,862,000,000. (B) Outlays, $71,297,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $72,676,000,000. (B) Outlays, $72,145,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $74,281,000,000. (B) Outlays, $73,728,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $77,691,000,000. (B) Outlays, $77,057,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $84,842,000,000. (B) Outlays, $84,118,000,000. (17) General Government (800): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $27,557,000,000. (B) Outlays, $24,853,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $28,083,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.031 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2277 April 18, 2018 
(B) Outlays, $25,586,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $28,734,000,000. (B) Outlays, $25,853,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $30,232,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,174,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $30,271,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,233,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $30,837,000,000. (B) Outlays, $27,755,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $32,075,000,000. (B) Outlays, $28,735,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $32,619,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,193,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $33,435,000,000. (B) Outlays, $29,931,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $34,348,000,000. (B) Outlays, $30,694,000,000. (18) Net Interest (900): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $470,776,000,000. (B) Outlays, $470,776,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $564,099,000,000. (B) Outlays, $564,099,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $648,352,000,000. (B) Outlays, $648,352,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $719,672,000,000. (B) Outlays, $719,672,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $764,950,000,000. (B) Outlays, $764,950,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $799,781,000,000. (B) Outlays, $799,781,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $831,612,000,000. (B) Outlays, $831,612,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $907,391,000,000. (B) Outlays, $907,391,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $789,792,000,000. (B) Outlays, $789,792,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $834,173,000,000. (B) Outlays, $834,173,000,000. (19) Allowances (920): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $27,679,000,000. (B) Outlays, $18,575,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$48,134,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$19,403,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$50,972,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$35,311,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$54,331,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$47,988,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$56,504,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$53,490,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$59,623,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$58,510,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$61,801,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$61,123,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$63,711,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$63,348,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$66,015,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$65,559,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, ¥$62,662,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$65,293,000,000. (20) New Efficiencies, Consolidations, and Other Savings (930): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$426,137,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$308,812,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$668,153,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$468,659,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$882,483,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$647,654,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,209,600,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$905,483,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,331,706,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,069,229,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,470,058,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,235,992,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$1,712,029,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,443,138,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: 
(A) New budget authority, ¥$1,899,768,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,660,922,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$2,064,040,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$1,840,142,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, ¥$2,411,721,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$2,169,051,000,000. (21) Undistributed Offsetting Receipts (950): Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, ¥$81,989,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$81,989,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, ¥$83,624,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$83,624,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, ¥$85,942,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$85,942,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, ¥$88,436,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$88,436,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, ¥$88,048,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$88,048,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, ¥$90,874,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$90,874,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, ¥$100,925,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$100,925,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, ¥$96,114,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$96,114,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, ¥$98,827,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$98,827,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, ¥$102,191,000,000. (B) Outlays, ¥$102,191,000,000. Subtitle B—Levels and Amounts in the Senate 
SEC. 1201. SOCIAL SECURITY IN THE SENATE. 
(a) S OCIAL SECURITY REVENUES .—For pur- poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of revenues of the Federal Old-Age and Sur-vivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund are as fol-lows: Fiscal year 2019: $905,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $941,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $995,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,049,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,103,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,164,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,226,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $1,296,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $1,361,000,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $1,442,000,000,000. (b) SOCIAL SECURITY OUTLAYS .—For pur- poses of Senate enforcement under sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), the amounts of outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Dis-ability Insurance Trust Fund are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: $897,332,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: $955,095,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: $1,015,309,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: $1,079,773,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: $1,147,889,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: $1,219,609,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: $1,293,326,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: $1,370,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: $1,451,789,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: $1,539,941,000,000. (c) S
OCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENSES .—In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insur-ance Trust Fund for administrative expenses are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $5,627,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,831,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $5,759,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,685,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $5,906,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,837,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $6,057,000,000. (B) Outlays, $5,975,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $6,236,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,142,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $6,424,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,331,000,000. Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $6,616,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,522,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $6,816,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,718,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $7,023,000,000. (B) Outlays, $6,922,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $7,246,000,000. (B) Outlays, $7,186,000,000. 
SEC. 1202. POSTAL SERVICE DISCRETIONARY AD-MINISTRATIVE EXPENSES IN THE SENATE. 
In the Senate, the amounts of new budget authority and budget outlays of the Postal Service for discretionary administrative ex-penses are as follows: Fiscal year 2019: (A) New budget authority, $285,000,000. (B) Outlays, $285,000,000. Fiscal year 2020: (A) New budget authority, $284,000,000. (B) Outlays, $284,000,000. Fiscal year 2021: (A) New budget authority, $285,000,000. (B) Outlays, $285,000,000. Fiscal year 2022: (A) New budget authority, $286,000,000. (B) Outlays, $286,000,000. Fiscal year 2023: (A) New budget authority, $286,000,000. (B) Outlays, $286,000,000. Fiscal year 2024: (A) New budget authority, $287,000,000. (B) Outlays, $287,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.031 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2278 April 18, 2018 
Fiscal year 2025: (A) New budget authority, $288,000,000. (B) Outlays, $288,000,000. Fiscal year 2026: (A) New budget authority, $289,000,000. (B) Outlays, $289,000,000. Fiscal year 2027: (A) New budget authority, $289,000,000. (B) Outlays, $289,000,000. Fiscal year 2028: (A) New budget authority, $290,000,000. (B) Outlays, $290,000,000. TITLE II—RECONCILIATION 
SEC. 2001. RECONCILIATION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) A GRICULTURE , N UTRITION , AND FOR-
ESTRY .—The Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (b) A
RMED SERVICES .—The Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (c) B
ANKING , H OUSING , AND URBAN AF-
FAIRS .—The Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (d) C
OMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND TRANSPOR -
TATION .—The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (e) E
NERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES .—The Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (f) E
NVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS .—The Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the def-icit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (g) F
INANCE .— (1) D
EFICIT .—The Committee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (2) R
EVENUE .—The Committee on Finance of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce revenues by not less than $18,600,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (h) F
OREIGN RELATIONS .—The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate shall re-port changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (i) H
EALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , AND PEN-
SIONS .—The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its juris-diction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (j) HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERN -
MENTAL AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws with-in its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the pe-riod of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (k) I
NDIAN AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (l) I
NTELLIGENCE .—The Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (m) J
UDICIARY .—The Committee on the Ju-diciary of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the def-icit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (n) R
ULES AND ADMINISTRATION .—The Com- mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to reduce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (o) V
ETERANS AFFAIRS .—The Committee on Veterans Affairs of the Senate shall report changes in laws within its jurisdiction to re-duce the deficit by not less than $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 and by not less than $5,000,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. (p) S
UBMISSIONS .—In the Senate, not later than June 20, 2018, the committees named in subsections (a) through (o) shall submit their recommendations to the Committee on the Budget of the Senate. Upon receiving such recommendations, the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall report to the Sen-ate a reconciliation bill carrying out all such recommendations without any substantive revision. TITLE III—RESERVE FUNDS 
SEC. 3001. DEFICIT REDUCTION FUND FOR EFFI-CIENCIES, CONSOLIDATIONS, AND OTHER SAVINGS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to efficiencies, consolida-tions, and other savings by the amounts pro-vided in such legislation for those purposes, provided that such legislation would reduce the deficit over the period of the total of fis-cal years 2019 through 2023 and the period of the total of fiscal years 2019 through 2028. 
SEC. 3002. RESERVE FUND RELATING TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNTS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions of a committee or committees, aggre-gates, and other appropriate levels in this resolution, and make adjustments to the pay-as-you-go ledger, for one or more bills, joint resolutions, amendments, amendments between the Houses, motions, or conference reports relating to health savings accounts by the amounts provided in such legislation for those purposes. TITLE IV—BUDGET PROCESS SEC. 4001. VOTING THRESHOLD FOR POINTS OF ORDER. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered point of order’’ means a point of order— (1) under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.), or a concurrent resolu-tion on the budget; and (2) which, but for subsection (b), may be waived only by the affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn. (b) V
OTING THRESHOLD .—In the Senate— (1) a covered point of order may be waived only by the affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn; and (2) an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a covered point of order. 
SEC. 4002. EMERGENCY LEGISLATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TODESIGNATE .—In the Sen-ate, with respect to a provision of direct spending or receipts legislation or appropria-tions for discretionary accounts that Con-gress designates as an emergency require-ment, by an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn, in such measure, the amounts of new budget authority, outlays, and receipts in all fiscal years resulting from that provision shall be treated as an emergency requirement for the purpose of this section. (b) E
XEMPTION OF EMERGENCY PROVI-
SIONS .—Any new budget authority, outlays, and receipts resulting from any provision designated as an emergency requirement, pursuant to this section, in any bill, joint resolution, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or conference report shall not count for purposes of sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642), section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, sec-tion 3101 of S. Con. Res. 11 (114th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, and sections 401 and 404 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. Designated emergency provisions shall not count for the purpose of revising allocations, aggregates, or other levels pursuant to pro-cedures established under section 301(b)(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(b)(7)) for deficit-neutral reserve funds and revising discretionary spending limits set pursuant to section 301 of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. (c) D
ESIGNATIONS .—If a provision of legisla-tion is designated as an emergency require-ment under this section, the committee re-port and any statement of managers accom-panying that legislation shall include an ex-planation of the manner in which the provi-sion meets the criteria in subsection (f). (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘direct spending’’, ‘‘receipts’’, and ‘‘appro-priations for discretionary accounts’’ mean any provision of a bill, joint resolution, amendment, motion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report that affects direct spending, receipts, or appropriations as those terms have been defined and inter-preted for purposes of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.). (e) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-sidering a bill, resolution, amendment, mo-tion, amendment between the Houses, or conference report, if a point of order is made by a Senator against an emergency designa-tion in that measure, that provision making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.031 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2279 April 18, 2018 
such a designation shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (2) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEALS .— (A) W
AIVER .—Paragraph (1) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an af-firmative vote of five-eighths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. (B) A
PPEALS .—Appeals in the Senate from the decisions of the Chair relating to any provision of this subsection shall be limited to 1 hour, to be equally divided between, and controlled by, the appellant and the manager of the bill or joint resolution, as the case may be. An affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an ap-peal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this subsection. (3) D
EFINITION OF AN EMERGENCY DESIGNA -
TION.—For purposes of paragraph (1), a provi-sion shall be considered an emergency des-ignation if it designates any item as an emergency requirement pursuant to this sub-section. (4) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under paragraph (1) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (5) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to this sec-tion, and such point of order being sustained, such material contained in such conference report shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amendment with a fur-ther amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall consist of only that portion of the conference report or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a con-ference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference report by operation of this subsection), no further amendment shall be in order. (f) C
RITERIA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, any provision is an emergency require-ment if the situation addressed by such pro-vision is— (A) necessary, essential, or vital (not mere-ly useful or beneficial); (B) sudden, quickly coming into being, and not building up over time; (C) an urgent, pressing, and compelling need requiring immediate action; (D) subject to paragraph (2), unforeseen, unpredictable, and unanticipated; and (E) not permanent, temporary in nature. (2) U
NFORESEEN .—An emergency that is part of an aggregate level of anticipated emergencies, particularly when normally es-timated in advance, is not unforeseen. (g) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—In the Senate, sec-tion 4112 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, shall no longer apply. 
SEC. 4003. ENFORCEMENT OF ALLOCATIONS, AG-GREGATES, AND OTHER LEVELS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—During each of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, it shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would cause the amount of new budget authority, outlays, or deficits to be more than, or would cause the amount of revenues to be less than, the amount set forth under any allocation, aggregate, or other level established under this resolution. (b) WAIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of five-eighths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of five-eighths of the Mem-bers of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SEC. 4004. DUPLICATION DETERMINATIONS BY THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OF-FICE. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered legislation’’ means a bill or resolu-tion of a public character reported by any committee of the Senate. (b) D
UPLICATION DETERMINATIONS BY THE  C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE .—Any esti-mate provided by the Congressional Budget Office under section 402 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653) for covered legislation shall include an analysis that in-cludes— (1) a determination of whether the covered legislation creates any new Federal program, office, or initiative that would duplicate or overlap with any existing Federal entity with similar mission, purpose, goals, or ac-tivities; and (2) a listing of all such instances of dupli-cation or overlapping created by the covered legislation. 
SEC. 4005. BREAKDOWN OF COST ESTIMATES BY BUDGET FUNCTION. 
Any cost estimate prepared by the Con-gressional Budget Office shall specify the percentage of the estimated cost that is within each budget function. 
SEC. 4006. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON TREAT-MENT OF REDUCTION OF APPRO-PRIATIONS LEVELS TO ACHIEVE SAVINGS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) H. Con. Res. 448 (96th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fis-cal year 1981, gave authorizing committees reconciliation instructions which amounted to approximately two-thirds of the savings required under reconciliation. (2) The language in H. Con. Res. 448 re-sulted in a debate about how reconciling dis-cretionary spending programs could be in order given that authorizations of appropria-tions for programs did not actually change spending and the programs authorized would be funded through later annual appropria-tion. The staff of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the counsel to the Majority Leader advised that upon consulta-tion with the Parliamentarian, the original instructions on discretionary spending would be out of order because of the phrase, ‘‘to modify programs’’. This was seen as too broad and programs could be modified with-out resulting in changes to their future ap-propriations. (3) To rectify this violation, the Com-mittee on the Budget of the Senate reported S. Con. Res. 9 (97th Congress), revising the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal years 1981, 1982, and 1983, to include reconciliation, which revised the language in the reconciliation instruc-tions to change entitlement law and ‘‘to re-port changes in laws within the jurisdiction of that committee sufficient to reduce appro-priations levels so as to achieve savings’’. (4) This was understood to mean changes in authorization language of discretionary pro-grams would be permissible under reconcili-ation procedures provided such changes in law would have the result in affecting a change in later outlays derived from future appropriations. Further it was understood that a change in authorization language that caused a change in later outlays was consid-ered to be a change in outlays for the pur-pose of reconciliation. (5) On April 2, 1981, the Senate voted 88 to 10 to approve S. Con. Res. 9 with the modi-fied reconciliation language. (b) SENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that committees reporting changes in laws within the jurisdiction of that committee sufficient to reduce appro-priations levels so as to achieve savings shall be considered to be changes in outlays for the purpose of enforcing the prohibition on extraneous matters in reconciliation bills. 
SEC. 4007. PROHIBITION ON PREEMPTIVE WAIV-ERS. 
In the Senate, it shall not be in order to move to waive or suspend a point of order under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) or any concurrent resolu-tion on the budget with respect to a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report unless the point of order has been specifically raised by a Senator. 
SEC. 4008. ADJUSTMENTS FOR LEGISLATION RE-DUCING APPROPRIATIONS. 
The Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate may revise the alloca-tions in effect under section 302(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633(a)) and the allocations of a committee or committees, aggregates, and other appro-priate levels in this resolution for any bill or joint resolution considered pursuant to sec-tion 2001 containing the recommendations of one or more committees, or for one or more amendments to, a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to such a bill or joint resolution, by the amounts necessary to accommodate the re-duction in the amount of discretionary ap-propriations for a fiscal year caused by the measure. 
SEC. 4009. AUTHORITY. 
Congress adopts this title under the au-thority under section 301(b)(4) of the Con-gressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632(b)(4)). 
SEC. 4010. EXERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS. 
Congress adopts the provisions of this title— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such they shall be con-sidered as part of the rules of the Senate and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such other rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitu-tional right of the Senate to change those rules at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I have 13 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Abusive Robocalls and How We Can Stop Them.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.031 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2280 April 18, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Appro-priate Role of States and the Federal Government in Protecting Ground-water.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10:30 a.m to conduct a hear-ing ‘‘Treaties.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: David Wil-liams, of Illinois, Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, and Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2.30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The 30th Anniversary of Trib-al Self-Governance: Successes in Self- Governance and an Outlook for the Next 30 Years’’. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, during votes and off the Senate floor to conduct a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations. Paul R. Lawrence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Benefits, and Jo-seph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
The Special Committee on Aging is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 9.30 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Exploitation of Older Ameri-cans by Guardians and Others they Trust.’’ 
JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE ON SOLVENCY OF  
MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION PLANS  
The Joint Select Committee on Sol-vency of Multiemployer Pension Plans is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The History of Structure of the Multiemployer Pension System.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON AIRLAND  
The Subcommittee on Airland of the Committee on Armed Services is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 3:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON EMERGING THREATS AND  
CAPABILITIES  
The Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CONSUMER PROTECTION , 
PRODUCT SAFETY , INSURANCE , AND DATA SE -
CURITY  
The Subcommittee on Consumer Pro-tection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2:30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Olympic Abuse: The Role of National Governing Bodies in Protection our Athletes.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON BORDER SECURITY AND  
IMMIGRATION  
The Subcommittee on Border Secu-rity and Immigration of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, April 11, 2018, at 2.30 p.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening and Reforming Amer-ica’s Immigration Court System.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Fiona Steiwer, be given privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted to Mary Schultz and William Goldsmith, both fellows in my staff, for the remainder of this session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS OF INTERNATIONAL WOMEN’S DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 361, S. Res. 426. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 426) supporting the goals of International Women’s Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution, which had been reported from the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment to the preamble, as fol-lows: (Strike the preamble and insert the part printed in italic.) 
Whereas, as of March 2018, there are more than 3,672,000,000 women in the world; Whereas women and girls around the world— (1) have fundamental rights; (2) participate in the political, social, and eco-nomic lives of their communities; (3) play a critical role in providing and caring for their families; (4) contribute substantially to economic growth and the prevention and resolution of conflict; and (5) as farmers and caregivers, play an impor-tant role in the advancement of food security for their communities; Whereas the advancement of women around the world is a foreign policy priority for the United States; Whereas 2018 marks— (1) the 73rd anniversary of the entry into force of the Charter of the United Nations, which was the first international agreement to affirm the principle of equality between women and men; (2) the 23rd anniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women, at which 189 countries committed to integrating gender equality into each dimension of society; and (3) the 7th anniversary of the establishment of the first United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which includes a comprehensive set of commitments by the United States to advance the meaningful participation of women in decisionmaking relating to matters of war or peace; Whereas the National Security Strategy of the United States, revised in December 2017— (1) declares that ‘‘societies that empower women to participate fully in civic and economic life are more prosperous and peaceful’’; (2) supports ‘‘efforts to advance the equality of women, protect the rights of women and girls, and promote women and youth empowerment programs’’; and (3) recognizes that ‘‘governments of countries that fail to treat women equally do not allow the societies of those countries to reach full po-tential’’; Whereas the United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, revised in June 2016, states that ‘‘[d]eadly conflicts can be more effectively avoided, and peace can be best forged and sustained, when women become equal partners in all aspects of peacebuilding and conflict prevention, when their lives are protected, their voices heard, and their perspec-tives taken into account.’’; Whereas there are 72 national action plans around the world, and there are several addi-tional national action plans known to be in de-velopment; Whereas the joint strategy of the Department of State and the United States Agency for Inter-national Development entitled ‘‘Department of State & USAID Joint Strategy on Countering Violent Extremism’’ and dated May 2016— (1) notes that women can play a critical role in identifying and addressing drivers of violent extremism in their families, communities, and broader society; and (2) commits to supporting programs that en-gage women ‘‘as key stakeholders in preventing and countering violent extremism in their com-munities’’; Whereas, despite the historical underrepresen-tation of women in conflict resolution processes, women in conflict-affected regions have never-theless achieved significant success in— (1) moderating violent extremism; (2) countering terrorism; (3) resolving disputes through nonviolent me-diation and negotiation; and (4) stabilizing societies by improving access to peace and security— (A) services; (B) institutions; and (C) venues for decisionmaking; Whereas, according to the United Nations, peace negotiations are more likely to end in a peace agreement when women and women’s groups play an influential role in the negotia-tion process; Whereas, according to a study by the Inter-national Peace Institute, a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years if women participate in the development of the peace agreement; Whereas, according to the Bureau of Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs of the Department of State, the full and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:23 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.032 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2281 April 18, 2018 
meaningful participation of women in security forces vastly enhances the effectiveness of the security forces; Whereas approximately 15,000,000 girls are married every year before they reach the age of 18, which means that— (1) 41,000 girls are married every day; or (2) 1 girl is married every 2 seconds; Whereas, according to the International Labor Organization, an estimated 40,300,000 people were victims of modern slavery in 2016, and 71 percent of those victims were women and girls; Whereas, according to UNICEF— (1) approximately 
1⁄4of girls between the ages of 15 and 19 are victims of physical violence; and (2) it is estimated that 1 in 3 women around the world has experienced some form of physical or sexual violence; Whereas, according to the 2016 report of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime enti-tled ‘‘Global Report on Trafficking in Per-sons’’— (1) 79 percent of all detected trafficking vic-tims are women and children; and (2) while trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation and forced labor are the most prominently detected forms of trafficking, the trafficking of women and girls for the purpose of forced marriage is emerging as a more preva-lent form of trafficking; Whereas 603,000,000 women live in countries in which domestic violence is not criminalized; Whereas, on August 10, 2012, the United States Government launched a strategy entitled ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Violence Globally’’, which is the first interagency strategy that— (1) addresses gender-based violence around the world; (2) advances the rights and status of women and girls; (3) promotes gender equality in United States foreign policy; and (4) works to bring about a world in which all individuals can pursue their aspirations without the threat of violence; Whereas, on October 6, 2017, the Women, Peace, and Security Act was enacted into law, which includes requirements for a government- wide ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Strategy’’ to promote and strengthen women’s participation in peace negotiations and conflict prevention overseas, enhanced training for relevant United States Government personnel, and follow-up evaluations of the effectiveness of the strategy; Whereas, on October 27, 2017, Ambassador Michele J. Sison, United States Deputy Perma-nent Representative to the United Nations, stat-ed in a United Nations Security Council debate on women, peace, and security that— (1) ‘‘the role of women in maintaining inter-national peace and security is more critical than ever’’; (2) ‘‘collective work is still required for women to gain more positions of leadership in govern-ment and civil society, and more seats at the ne-gotiating table’’; (3) ‘‘a growing body of evidence confirm[s] that the inclusion of women in peace processes helps reduce conflict and advance stability long- term’’; and (4) ‘‘when women are involved in efforts to bring about peace and security, the results are more sustainable’’; Whereas, in June 2016, the Department of State released an update to the strategy entitled ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Violence Globally’’, based on internal evaluations, lessons learned, and con-sultations with civil society, that underscores that ‘‘preventing and responding to gender- based violence is a cornerstone of the U.S. gov-ernment’s commitment to advancing human rights and promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and girls’’; Whereas the ability of women and girls to re-alize their full potential is critical to the ability of a country to achieve— (1) strong and lasting economic growth; and (2) political and social stability; Whereas, according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organiza-tion— (1) 2⁄3of the 778,000,000 illiterate individuals in the world are female; and (2) 130,000,000 girls worldwide are not in school; Whereas, according to the United States Agency for International Development, as com-pared to uneducated women, educated women are— (1) less likely to marry as children; and (2) more likely to have healthier families; Whereas, although the United Nations Millen-nium Project reached the goal of achieving gen-der parity in primary education in most coun-tries in 2015, more work remains to be done to achieve gender equality in primary education worldwide by addressing— (1) discriminatory practices; (2) cultural norms; (3) inadequate sanitation facilities; and (4) other factors that favor boys; Whereas, according to the United Nations, women have access to fewer income earning op-portunities and are more likely to manage the household or engage in agricultural work than men, making women more vulnerable to eco-nomic insecurity caused by— (1) natural disasters; and (2) long term changes in weather patterns; Whereas women around the world— (1) face a variety of constraints that severely limit their economic participation and produc-tivity; and (2) are underrepresented in the labor force; Whereas closing the global gender gap in labor markets could increase worldwide gross domestic product by as much as $28,000,000,000,000 by 2025; Whereas despite the achievements of indi-vidual female leaders— (1) women around the world remain vastly underrepresented in— (A) high-level positions; and (B) national and local legislatures and gov-ernments; and (2) according to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, women account for only 22 percent of national parliamentarians and 17.7 percent of government ministers; Whereas, according to the World Health Orga-nization, during the period beginning in 1990 and ending in 2015, global maternal mortality decreased by approximately 44 percent, but ap-proximately 830 women die from preventable causes relating to pregnancy or childbirth each day, and 99 percent of all maternal deaths occur in developing countries; Whereas according to the World Health Orga-nization— (1) suicide is the leading cause of death for girls between the ages of 15 and 19; and (2) complications from pregnancy or childbirth is the second-leading cause of death for those girls; Whereas the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reports that women and girls comprise approximately 
1⁄2of the 65,300,000 refugees and internally displaced or stateless individuals in the world; Whereas it is imperative— (1) to alleviate violence and discrimination against women; and (2) to afford women every opportunity to be full and productive members of their commu-nities; Whereas violence, discrimination, and harm-ful practices against women and girls are a di-rect result of negative social norms that under-value females in society; and Whereas March 8, 2018, is recognized as Inter-national Women’s Day, a global day— (1) to celebrate the economic, political, and so-cial achievements of women in the past, present, and future; and (2) to recognize the obstacles that women face in the struggle for equal rights and opportuni-ties: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of International Women’s Day; (2) recognizes that the empowerment of women is inextricably linked to the poten-tial of a country to generate— (A) economic growth; (B) sustainable democracy; and (C) inclusive security; (3) recognizes and honors individuals in the United States and around the world, includ-ing women human rights defenders and civil society leaders, that have worked through-out history to ensure that women are guar-anteed equality and basic human rights; (4) recognizes the unique cultural, histor-ical, and religious differences throughout the world and urges the United States Govern-ment to act with respect and understanding toward legitimate differences when pro-moting any policies; (5) reaffirms the commitment— (A) to end discrimination and violence against women and girls; (B) to ensure the safety and welfare of women and girls; (C) to pursue policies that guarantee the basic human rights of women and girls worldwide; and (D) to promote meaningful and significant participation of women in every aspect of so-ciety and community; (6) supports sustainable, measurable, and global development that seeks to achieve gender equality and the empowerment of women; and (7) encourages the people of the United States to observe International Women’s Day with appropriate programs and activi-ties. Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the reso-lution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate on the resolution? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 426) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendment to the preamble be agreed to and the preamble, as amended, be agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 426 Whereas as of March 2018, there are more than 3,672,000,000 women in the world; Whereas women and girls around the world— (1) have fundamental rights; (2) participate in the political, social, and economic lives of their communities; (3) play a critical role in providing and car-ing for their families; (4) contribute substantially to economic growth and the prevention and resolution of conflict; and (5) as farmers and caregivers, play an im-portant role in the advancement of food se-curity for their communities; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.035 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2282 April 18, 2018 
Whereas the advancement of women around the world is a foreign policy priority for the United States; Whereas 2018 marks— (1) the 73rd anniversary of the entry into force of the Charter of the United Nations, which was the first international agreement to affirm the principle of equality between women and men; (2) the 23rd anniversary of the Fourth World Conference on Women, at which 189 countries committed to integrating gender equality into each dimension of society; and (3) the 7th anniversary of the establish-ment of the first United States National Ac-tion Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, which includes a comprehensive set of com-mitments by the United States to advance the meaningful participation of women in decisionmaking relating to matters of war or peace; Whereas the National Security Strategy of the United States, revised in December 2017— (1) declares that ‘‘societies that empower women to participate fully in civic and eco-nomic life are more prosperous and peace-ful’’; (2) supports ‘‘efforts to advance the equal-ity of women, protect the rights of women and girls, and promote women and youth em-powerment programs’’; and (3) recognizes that ‘‘governments of coun-tries that fail to treat women equally do not allow the societies of those countries to reach full potential’’; Whereas the United States National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security, revised in June 2016, states that ‘‘[d]eadly conflicts can be more effectively avoided, and peace can be best forged and sustained, when women become equal partners in all aspects of peacebuilding and conflict prevention, when their lives are protected, their voices heard, and their perspectives taken into ac-count.’’; Whereas there are 72 national action plans around the world, and there are several addi-tional national action plans known to be in development; Whereas the joint strategy of the Depart-ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development entitled ‘‘De-partment of State & USAID Joint Strategy on Countering Violent Extremism’’ and dated May 2016— (1) notes that women can play a critical role in identifying and addressing drivers of violent extremism in their families, commu-nities, and broader society; and (2) commits to supporting programs that engage women ‘‘as key stakeholders in pre-venting and countering violent extremism in their communities’’; Whereas despite the historical underrep-resentation of women in conflict resolution processes, women in conflict-affected regions have nevertheless achieved significant suc-cess in— (1) moderating violent extremism; (2) countering terrorism; (3) resolving disputes through nonviolent mediation and negotiation; and (4) stabilizing societies by improving ac-cess to peace and security— (A) services; (B) institutions; and (C) venues for decisionmaking; Whereas according to the United Nations, peace negotiations are more likely to end in a peace agreement when women and women’s groups play an influential role in the nego-tiation process; Whereas according to a study by the Inter-national Peace Institute, a peace agreement is 35 percent more likely to last at least 15 years if women participate in the develop-ment of the peace agreement; Whereas according to the Bureau of Inter-national Narcotics and Law Enforcement Af-fairs of the Department of State, the full and meaningful participation of women in secu-rity forces vastly enhances the effectiveness of the security forces; Whereas approximately 15,000,000 girls are married every year before they reach the age of 18, which means that— (1) 41,000 girls are married every day; or (2) 1 girl is married every 2 seconds; Whereas according to the International Labor Organization, an estimated 40,300,000 people were victims of modern slavery in 2016, and 71 percent of those victims were women and girls; Whereas according to UNICEF— (1) approximately 
1⁄4of girls between the ages of 15 and 19 are victims of physical vio-lence; and (2) it is estimated that 1 in 3 women around the world has experienced some form of physical or sexual violence; Whereas according to the 2016 report of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime entitled ‘‘Global Report on Trafficking in Persons’’— (1) 79 percent of all detected trafficking victims are women and children; and (2) while trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation and forced labor are the most prominently detected forms of traf-ficking, the trafficking of women and girls for the purpose of forced marriage is emerg-ing as a more prevalent form of trafficking; Whereas 603,000,000 women live in countries in which domestic violence is not criminalized; Whereas, on August 10, 2012, the United States Government launched a strategy enti-tled ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Violence Glob-ally’’, which is the first interagency strategy that— (1) addresses gender-based violence around the world; (2) advances the rights and status of women and girls; (3) promotes gender equality in United States foreign policy; and (4) works to bring about a world in which all individuals can pursue their aspirations without the threat of violence; Whereas, on October 6, 2017, the Women, Peace, and Security Act was enacted into law, which includes requirements for a gov-ernment-wide ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Strategy’’ to promote and strengthen wom-en’s participation in peace negotiations and conflict prevention overseas, enhanced train-ing for relevant United States Government personnel, and follow-up evaluations of the effectiveness of the strategy; Whereas, on October 27, 2017, Ambassador Michele J. Sison, United States Deputy Per-manent Representative to the United Na-tions, stated in a United Nations Security Council debate on women, peace, and secu-rity that— (1) ‘‘the role of women in maintaining international peace and security is more critical than ever’’; (2) ‘‘collective work is still required for women to gain more positions of leadership in government and civil society, and more seats at the negotiating table’’; (3) ‘‘a growing body of evidence confirm[s] that the inclusion of women in peace proc-esses helps reduce conflict and advance sta-bility long-term’’; and (4) ‘‘when women are involved in efforts to bring about peace and security, the results are more sustainable’’; Whereas in June 2016, the Department of State released an update to the strategy en-titled ‘‘United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender-Based Violence Glob-ally’’, based on internal evaluations, lessons learned, and consultations with civil society, that underscores that ‘‘preventing and re-sponding to gender-based violence is a cor-nerstone of the U.S. government’s commit-ment to advancing human rights and pro-moting gender equality and the empower-ment of women and girls’’; Whereas the ability of women and girls to realize their full potential is critical to the ability of a country to achieve— (1) strong and lasting economic growth; and (2) political and social stability; Whereas according to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organi-zation— (1) 2⁄3of the 778,000,000 illiterate individuals in the world are female; and (2) 130,000,000 girls worldwide are not in school; Whereas according to the United States Agency for International Development, as compared to uneducated women, educated women are— (1) less likely to marry as children; and (2) more likely to have healthier families; Whereas although the United Nations Mil-lennium Project reached the goal of achiev-ing gender parity in primary education in most countries in 2015, more work remains to be done to achieve gender equality in pri-mary education worldwide by addressing— (1) discriminatory practices; (2) cultural norms; (3) inadequate sanitation facilities; and (4) other factors that favor boys; Whereas according to the United Nations, women have access to fewer income earning opportunities and are more likely to manage the household or engage in agricultural work than men, making women more vulnerable to economic insecurity caused by— (1) natural disasters; and (2) long term changes in weather patterns; Whereas women around the world— (1) face a variety of constraints that se-verely limit their economic participation and productivity; and (2) are underrepresented in the labor force; Whereas closing the global gender gap in labor markets could increase worldwide gross domestic product by as much as $28,000,000,000,000 by 2025; Whereas despite the achievements of indi-vidual female leaders— (1) women around the world remain vastly underrepresented in— (A) high-level positions; and (B) national and local legislatures and governments; and (2) according to the Inter-Parliamentary Union, women account for only 22 percent of national parliamentarians and 17.7 percent of government ministers; Whereas according to the World Health Or-ganization, during the period beginning in 1990 and ending in 2015, global maternal mor-tality decreased by approximately 44 per-cent, but approximately 830 women die from preventable causes relating to pregnancy or childbirth each day, and 99 percent of all ma-ternal deaths occur in developing countries; Whereas according to the World Health Or-ganization— (1) suicide is the leading cause of death for girls between the ages of 15 and 19; and (2) complications from pregnancy or child-birth is the second-leading cause of death for those girls; Whereas the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees reports that women and girls comprise approximately 
1⁄2 of the 65,300,000 refugees and internally dis-placed or stateless individuals in the world; Whereas it is imperative— (1) to alleviate violence and discrimination against women; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.036 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2283 April 18, 2018 
(2) to afford women every opportunity to be full and productive members of their com-munities; Whereas violence, discrimination, and harmful practices against women and girls are a direct result of negative social norms that undervalue females in society; and Whereas March 8, 2018, is recognized as International Women’s Day, a global day— (1) to celebrate the economic, political, and social achievements of women in the past, present, and future; and (2) to recognize the obstacles that women face in the struggle for equal rights and op-portunities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals of International Women’s Day; (2) recognizes that the empowerment of women is inextricably linked to the poten-tial of a country to generate— (A) economic growth; (B) sustainable democracy; and (C) inclusive security; (3) recognizes and honors individuals in the United States and around the world, includ-ing women human rights defenders and civil society leaders, that have worked through-out history to ensure that women are guar-anteed equality and basic human rights; (4) recognizes the unique cultural, histor-ical, and religious differences throughout the world and urges the United States Govern-ment to act with respect and understanding toward legitimate differences when pro-moting any policies; (5) reaffirms the commitment— (A) to end discrimination and violence against women and girls; (B) to ensure the safety and welfare of women and girls; (C) to pursue policies that guarantee the basic human rights of women and girls worldwide; and (D) to promote meaningful and significant participation of women in every aspect of so-ciety and community; (6) supports sustainable, measurable, and global development that seeks to achieve gender equality and the empowerment of women; and (7) encourages the people of the United States to observe International Women’s Day with appropriate programs and activi-ties. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AUTHORIZING A SENATOR TO BRING A YOUNG SON OR DAUGH-TER OF THE SENATOR ONTO THE FLOOR OF THE SENATE DURING VOTES Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 463 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 463) authorizing a Senator to bring a young son or daughter of the Senator onto the floor of the Senate dur-ing votes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no inter-vening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 463) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in the R
ECORD of April 12, 2018, under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 474, S. Res. 475, and S. Res. 476. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, April 19; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Bridenstine nomination. I further ask that all postcloture time on the Bridenstine nomination expire at 1:45 p.m. tomorrow and the Senate vote on confirmation of the Bridenstine nomination with no inter-vening action or debate; finally, that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the provisions of S. Res. 474, and do so as a further mark of respect for the late John Melcher, former Senator from Montana, following the remarks of Senators DURBIN , I NHOFE , and P
ORTMAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Illinois. 
f 
ALLOWING SENATORS’ YOUNG CHILDREN ON THE SENATE FLOOR Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, on Mon-day April 9, 2018, at 7:07 a.m., a tiny lit-tle message to the Senate arrived: Maile Pearl Bowlsbey became the very first baby born to a Senator, bringing joy to her father Bryan and to her amazing mother, my colleague, Illinois Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH . With this blessed arrival, this Cham-ber faced the reality of Senate parent-hood. And tonight, just moments ago, we made the decision to allow Maile to help us make Senate history. Tonight we changed the standing rules of the Senate so that Senator D
UCKWORTH , and any other Senator who has an in-fant, can bring their child to the floor of the Senate during a vote. Senator D
UCKWORTH can keep her re-sponsibility under our Constitution and vote as a Senator without giving up her responsibility as a mom at that moment. I think it will do us good in the Sen-ate every once in a while to see a pac-ifier next to the antique ink wells on our desks or a diaper bag next to one of these brass spittoons which sits on the floor—thank goodness, never used. Per-haps, the occasional cry of a baby will shock the Senate at times into speak-ing up and even crying out on the issues that confront our Nation and the world. We certainly revere history in the Senate, but part of our history is rec-ognizing change—the change that brought the first woman to the Senate, the change that brought disabled peo-ple to the floor of the Senate, and changes that will come to it in the fu-ture. These adaptations have made us a better Senate and more reflective of the people we serve. I just can’t say enough about my col-league Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , an amazing woman who served her coun-try, activated in the Illinois National Guard as a helicopter pilot in Iraq. When a grenade was shot into the cock-pit and blew up and caused her griev-ous injuries, many people wondered if she would survive. She not only sur-vived, but she prospered. She is deter-mined and brave. She now is the moth-er of two little girls—something just short of a miracle—and that mother-hood is something that is a source of great joy to all of us who count T
AMMY  as a friend and a colleague and a great leader in the Senate. Let me also give special recognition to two of my colleagues who made this resolution possible. Senator A
MYKLO-
BUCHAR worked closely with T AMMY  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP6.036 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2284 April 18, 2018 
DUCKWORTH on this issue and is our ranking Democrat on the Senate Rules Committee. A
MYput in a lot of hours and good humor, and I thank her from the bottom of my heart for helping our colleague. And special thanks to Sen-ator R
OYBLUNT , the Republican chair-man of the Senate Rules Committee. R
OYBLUNT told me from the start: I support this resolution. It will come right out of the Rules Committee to the floor so we can move on it quickly. When T
AMMY DUCKWORTH returns from maternity leave, we will be able to ac-commodate her little girl and, if it be-comes necessary, to bring her to the floor during the course of a vote. Let me close by saying that today we officially say to Maile Pearl Bowlsbey: Welcome to the world and welcome to the U.S. Senate. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me, first of all, join my friend from Illinois in this tribute he is making to T
AMMY  and the baby. I do have to correct him on one thing, however. He talked about diaper bags. They don’t use diaper bags anymore. They are disposable diapers. I know because I have 20 kids and grandkids. But I agree with the Sen-ator’s remarks wholeheartedly. 
f 
ETHIOPIA Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I know there is a lot of competition for the time right now, and I feel badly that I finally got to the point where, in order to get the message out—it is a message many people think is not significant, but I assure you that this is of grave importance not just to a country but to the entire continent of Africa. The House of Representatives, just last week, passed H. Res. 128 to chas-tise one of our closest allies on the Af-rican continent, Ethiopia. Although the legislation claims to support Ethi-opia, the reality is that the resolution is outdated. It was written years ago and was blindly passed without consid-eration for the current situation in Ethiopia. It was also passed under a voice vote so that no one member of Congress would have to carry the stig-ma of being on the record voting for it. I know the House passed it because most of them have never been to Ethi-opia and don’t really know the miracle we have seen in that country. I know the transformation Ethiopia has made in economic and social development alongside their ongoing commitment to establishing security in the Horn of Africa. Since 2005, I have visited Ethiopia 18 different times, engaging and devel-oping relationships with Prime Min-isters, with Cabinet Ministers, legisla-tors, businessmen, aid workers, and ev-eryone else in between. There isn’t an-other Member of Congress who has traveled in Ethiopia, engaged with the Ethiopian Government and the Ethio-pian people more than I have. I say this for a reason. It is to show that I know something about Ethiopia. I know we have been here before. What happened last week has happened be-fore. People don’t even know it. So they passed a negative resolution on Ethiopia by voice vote. The resolution fails to understand the history of Ethi-opia. I want to talk about that. Ethiopia is the oldest independent country in all of Africa, but one that is newly democratic. It is all new to them. There is also a Christian history to the nation, which nobody else has on the continent of Africa. Ethiopia is fea-tured in both the Old Testament and the New Testament. In the New Testament, we hear about Philip. This is in Acts 8. Philip meets the Ethiopian eunuch on the road to Damascus. We find out later that the eunuch was actually the treasurer of the country of Ethiopia at that time. Philip told the eunuch about Jesus. He talked about the Old Testament and the Queen of Sheba and Solomon. There are over 50 of these mentions in the Bible. They had long conversations about Jesus. Philip was making these comments. Before the conversation was over, he baptized the eunuch. The eunuch went off to Ethiopia and took the first word of Jesus to Ethiopia. That is very sig-nificant. Coincidentally, while Addis Ababa is the capital of Ethiopia, there was a time when Aksum was the capital. That was many years ago. During the time of the Queen of Sheba, that was the capital of Ethiopia. Coincidentally, I happened to be in Ethiopia when a farmer in a field ran into some old relics, and they started excavating. They found out that was the palace of the Queen of Sheba. There had been discussion as to whether or not the Queen of Sheba was from Yemen or Ethiopia, but that was con-crete proof they had discovered that it was the case. The story goes on and on. We all know about the Queen of Sheba and Solomon. Solomon had all the wealth in the world, and she want-ed to meet Solomon. She went down to the Red Sea to see Solomon. Well, she got to Israel and she met Solomon. They were engaged very closely to-gether. I think we all know that they ended up having a son who went back to his country. By the way, the part of the Old Tes-tament I am quoting right now is in 1 Kings 10:1. That is about the trip be-tween Israel and Ethiopia. Sheba and Solomon had a boy. The boy was Menelik. He was a very smart person. As he was growing up in years, before returning to their home country in Ethiopia, he actually took the Ark of the Covenant back to Ethiopia, where it is today in Aksum. A lot of people don’t know that. If anyone questions what I am saying right now, there is a book written that was called ‘‘The Sign and the Seal,’’ by Graham Hancock. It is very well-docu-mented. When you read that, you come to the conclusion that this is where the Ark of the Covenant is. I have been to the Ark of the Covenant with many Members of the Senate here—certainly, Senator BOOZMAN from Arkansas, Sen-ator M
IKEENZIfrom Wyoming, Senator M
IKEROUNDS from South Dakota, and many others. We have been up there and we have actually seen where this has taken place. I say this because there is that very rich history. It is all documented in both the Old Testament and the New Testament. The current controversy, and why we are here today, started back in the 1970s with a man named Mengistu. From 1974 to 1991, Mengistu was the leader of the communist Derg. This was the controlling party at that time. It is a communist party. They ran Ethiopia. It was a terrible time for Ethiopia. That was during one of the worst famines they had, which killed over a million people—perhaps the most significant famine in history in terms of deaths. Many Ethiopians fled during that time and relocated in the United States. That is understandable. The communists were booted out. A lot of the people, during the time they were still in, came to the United States. It is interesting because the Ethio-pians are very outstanding people. They are the kind that get things done when other people don’t. That makes them different from all the other coun-tries in Africa. So a lot of these Ethiopians came to America, and they have made great, really remarkable contributions to America, building organizations and getting involved. Rightfully so, they were outspoken against the brutal re-gime, but they haven’t changed their outspokenness to reflect the changing conditions in Ethiopia. At the time that this took place, one person who was responsible, to a large extent, for getting rid of the com-munists and the communist threat in Ethiopia was a guy named Meles. He ran, he came from the bush, and he won. He ended up as Prime Minister. This is really the election that a lot of people don’t like, and they forget about the fact that he was the Prime Min-ister who actually got rid of the com-munists in Ethiopia. So he became a Prime Minister. He started to build democracy. He died in 2012. I got to know him quite well dur-ing that timeframe, and I saw the progress that he made and the ad-vances they made. He was then replaced by another Prime Minister, whose name is Hailemariam. Now, he became Prime Minister, and he continued to push for democracy. Hailemariam worked dili-gently to improve things. Under his tenure, Ethiopia estab-lished the independent Ethiopian Human Rights Committee to report on violence and human rights problems and abuses. They didn’t just establish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.062 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2285 April 18, 2018 
it; they acted on it. They came out with a report and acted on it to hold perpetrators accountable and to make the improvements that were being made. Our relationship wasn’t just gov-ernment to government; it was brother to brother. In February of 2017, Prime Minister Hailemariam suggested that, since the provinces were all fighting at that time—there were nine provinces in Ethiopia. Each province has a Gov-ernor. We suggested on the phone, with the Members of the Senate here and the House at a Prayer Breakfast, that what we ought to do is that we ought to follow the recommendation of Eisen-hower. He said—in fact, this is right after World War II: The problems of this world are so great that we will never resolve the problems until we learn to sit down and pray together. So we decided: Let’s get all the Governors, the Prime Minister, the Members of the House, the Senate, and the rest to-gether, and we will pray for them. We did this. In fact, I had five Sen-ators with me at that time, and we went over. The problem was only two Governors showed up. So 8 months later, we came back and put together the same thing and talked to them to let them know what this is all about. And it happened 8 months later. We were just talking about it just re-cently. We had nine Governors who had been fighting. Hailemariam and we all prayed together. Now, at the same time, there was a Congressman, R
ANDY HULTGREN , over at the House, who happened to be presi-dent of the House Prayer Breakfast. The time change worked perfectly. At the time we were praying there, if you took the 7-hour differential, they were meeting at the House Prayer Breakfast here in Washington. So he joined in. Now, I am not smart enough to figure out how they do this. It is some kind of thing called Skype, where you can get on TV and communicate. So they were praying over there with all of these House Members at the same time that we were praying. On top of that, we had a bunch of great pages, like the pages sitting right in front of me today, all praying at the same time. This was going on all over America. So they all got together, and it worked—the same group of people who had just hated each other, who had never been in the same room before. The Prime Minister and all of us— Members of the Senate and others who were there—were all rejoicing and em-bracing each other. That’s really significant. The 9 gov-ernors had never been together before. The majority of Americans can’t easily grasp this, but is different in Ethiopia. Most of the people don’t live in cities, and that made this effort that much more difficult. That is the reverse of the rest of the world. The vast major-ity of people who live there are in rural communities, and that made this wide-spread change and development a longer and more difficult path. In Ethiopia, the tribal factions also play a greater role. Anyone who has been there understands this. If you go from Province to Province, that used to be from tribe to tribe, and they his-torically have not gotten along until this time. So it made it more difficult because of the factions and all of that, but it worked. We unified them to-gether, and that was unlike anything that has ever happened. Earlier this month, Ethiopia took an-other step to showing their commit-ment to a free and fair democracy by selecting a new Prime Minister. And who is this? His name is Abiy Ahmed, a doctor. In fact, it is kind of interesting, if you think about his credentials. Just listen to this. Abiy received his first degree, a bachelor’s degree, in com-puter engineering from the Microlink Information Technology College in Addis. That was in 2001. In 2005, Abiy earned a postgraduate certificate in cryptography in South Africa. He holds a master of arts in transformational leadership and change with merit, earned at the Busi-ness School in Greenwich University in London, in collaboration with the International Leadership Institute in Addis, in 2011. He holds a master of business administration from the Leadstar College of Management and Leadership in Addis, in partnership with Ashland University in Ohio. In 2017, Abiy was awarded a Ph.D. from the Institute for Peace and Secu-rity Studies at Addis Ababa Univer-sity. Now, we haven’t studied it all the way through, but what we did is we took a cursory look at that, and we be-lieve he is the most highly educated Prime Minister in the history of the continent. Here we are with this Dr. Abiy, who has been specially selected for his com-mitment to democracy, good govern-ance, and the rule of law. I met Abiy for the first time in February of 2016 at a leader’s breakfast, where he told the story of his journey of faith in Jesus. He is very, very articulate, someone who no one would forget about. We met a year later, when we prayed and talked about how to unify the country in peace, not conflict. It is from these meetings that I know that Abiy is committed to democracy and the future of Ethiopia. He is showing that with his actions as well. Last week, he specifically sought to engage the opposition party and its leaders. He said: 
We want to work hand in hand with you. What we say and do must match. 
Since his inauguration, he has also restored the internet service all across the country, and he has released 11 high-profile dissidents. This is what we need to be encouraging, not delegitimizing his authority with a heavy handed resolution. After his first week in office, the first week in office, they passed this resolution—this hate-ful resolution over at the House. He is also the youngest head of state in all of Africa. Abiy is just 41 years old. He shows an optimistic and en-gaged future for Ethiopia—a country where 70 percent of the population is less than 35 years old. He deserves a chance to enact the democratic re-forms he called for during his inau-gural address, before being slapped with a condemnation of his govern-ment by a House of Representatives resolution. They have quite an opportunity. Ethiopia is one of the fastest growing economies in the region, and it has made great strides in lowering the pov-erty rate. But the resolution that passed last week wasn’t about this. They didn’t talk about everything that I just articulated. Ethiopia is also an important partner for us in promoting regional peace and security. We have all recently seen how Islamic terrorists are pushing from the Middle East and regrouping and estab-lishing themselves across Africa. This is the thing that he has inherited. That is what he is in right now. Ethiopia has been an important part-ner for the United States in combating the spread of terrorism from Somalia and al-Qaida. He is our closest partner in this effort. As terrorism grows through Djibouti and the Horn of Africa into north-eastern Africa, this is a threat to glob-al security. Ethiopia has been a critical partner for the United States in com-bating that spread of terrorism. Ethiopia is the top African contrib-utor to U.N. peacekeeping troops and supplies about 8 percent of the global peacekeeping force. It is not the second or among the first. He was No. 1—the first one to be a contributor to the U.N. peacekeeping effort. Those are con-tributions they have made. Other coun-tries have not done that, but they have. More than that, Ethiopia’s profes-sional and capable military has also been a positive force in regional sta-bility. When we had problems in parts of Africa—and Somalia comes to mind right now—when we call upon them to send troops, they are the first ones who respond, and they are the ones who send the most of their capable troops. Ethiopia was a regional stabilizer during the crisis with Sudan and South Sudan. I think we all remember when Sudan was one unified country, and they had not always gotten along with South Sudan. South Sudan had been trying to get their independence for years and years, and, finally, they were successful, and right after that, it looked like it wasn’t going to work. But the resolution last week didn’t consider any of the progress Ethiopia has made and the leadership they have provided. Beyond just the government, more good things are happening in Ethiopia than I have ever seen. The people are not just like other people. There is not time, but I could give so many exam-ples. I will single out just one family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.064 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2286 April 18, 2018 
who is really typical of what is going on in Ethiopia. We have longtime friends there— Marta Gabre-Tsadick and her husband Demeke Tekle-Wold. I will refer to them as Marta and Demeke. They founded an organization called Project Mercy. This is kind of interesting. This wasn’t government. This is what they have done and are trying to do in their country. It is kind of interesting because Marta, as a very young girl, went to work for Haile Selassie. We all know Haile Selassie and what a hero he was before the communists came in in 1974 and murdered him and took over the country. Marta actually had worked for him at one time. They received political asylum in the United States in the early 1970s, after the communist takeover in Ethiopia, only to return to the country to care for, as they say, the ‘‘least of these.’’ That is what they have been doing. Marta wrote a book that should be required reading so people would know the sacrifices that people make to es-cape communism. The name of her book is ‘‘Sheltered by the King.’’ In fact, if any of you want a copy of it, I will give it to you. It tells the story about the com-munist takeover when Haile Selassie was murdered. It was about their es-cape from the communists. Throughout the years, I have partnered with Marta and Demeke on several occasions. In 2008, I worked with the USAID. At that time, we had a guy, who, unfortunately, wasn’t able stay there very long. He was head of the USAID. At that time, they prioritized the shipment of 43 con-tainers of Atmit. This is during the time of starvation. Amit is a nutri-tional supplement that was sent to young children, to those in the most severe stages of starvation. Ethiopia was hit especially hard in the global economic crisis, and these containers equaled 600 tons of food to feed 27,000 severely malnourished chil-dren. The story of Marta and Demeke is kind of interesting because they start-ed out in Addis, the capital. They started out in a small house, getting three or four young men—boys— uneducated and taught them the Scrip-tures, taught them how to read and write, taught them all of these things, and then how to put together an econ-omy and get these people so that they can go out on their own. They were successful. That grew from 3 people to 6 people to 100 people. Then they went down to a part of Africa, a part of Ethiopia, that is really interesting. It is called Yetabon. Yetabon is interesting be-cause that is an area where there wasn’t any civilization. It was in the bush, on the side of a mountain. I went down to Yetabon to see. This is some time ago. I was thrilled that Raj Shah, the Administrator of USAID, accepted my invitation to go down there to see Yetabon and to see what they have done down there. When you stopped and looked in that remote area, with the two of them alone, it is not just a matter of 10, 12, or 100 kids, but 1,700 kids were all lined up, K through 12, smiling with big smiles. Their lives had been changed, and all of that took place down there. I remember that there was a terrible storm down there as we were leaving, and it was all muddy. I told Raj: Any-one under age 70, get out and push. I was the only one exempted, of course. Anyway, he saw the significance of the resource of the Ethiopian people and the progress the country had made in furthering democracy and stabilizing the region. USAID is now headed up by another person who loves Africa, Mark Green. I remember Mark Green. He used to be the Ambassador to Tanzania. He is a close friend of mine. I actually served with him at one time back at the House. Raj recognized the genius of the Ethiopian people. We are privileged to deliver a another program they put to-gether, where they would crossbreed cows and start dairy farms in the area close to Addis. It has been a very suc-cessful program. Keep in mind that this is all as a result of one family. I could give examples of this all over the country in Ethiopia. The technical assistance and training to improve the products that they have were done all by one family. All that was largely from Demeke. There is another person who is set aside from other countries in Africa, and that is a doctor named Hamlin. She actually started the Hamlin Fis-tula Hospital. Fistula is a disease that people who are pregnant could have. It is fatal in many cases. It is very unique to that part of Africa. So they have an organization working alongside the Ethiopian Government to provide sus-tainable solutions to the Hamlin Fis-tula Hospital. It has been a haven for the care of women. All of this one person started. This is the character of the people. They start-ed treating women in Ethiopia’s busy capital city of Addis since 1959. It has now grown to an additional five re-gional hospitals, a midwifery college, and a rehabilitation center for long- term patients. I and my wife Kay visited the hos-pital along with Senator E
NZI’s wife, Diana, and Senator B
OOZMAN ’s wife, Cathy. We saw the miracle that is tak-ing place there—all because of one woman. It is typical of the people you find in Ethiopia. They saw the impact that the hos-pital is making to the lives of women throughout the country to be able to deliver their baby safely and be treated with dignity for childbirth injuries. So much of this development and progress is due to the emergence of past and present African leaders such as the recently sworn in Prime Min-ister, Dr. Abiy Ahmed, who are invest-ing in the lives of their people, and the realization by the United States of the strategic importance to Africa. They are important. They have joined us in every effort—every mili-tary effort—that we have had, more than any other country. None of that was considered by the House last week when they passed this shortsighted res-olution. I tried to work with key sponsors of the resolution to make needed changes to reflect the fact of Ethiopia’s progress, but my efforts were unsuc-cessful. They wouldn’t listen to me. I still can’t figure out why it is that a handful of people who probably have never, ever been to Ethiopia were doing this to that country. The resolution made a lot of claims that said that ‘‘democratic space in Ethiopia has steadily diminished since the general elections of 2005’’ and that the ruling party ‘‘claimed 100 percent of the par-liamentary seats’’ in the 2015 elec-tions—continued insults to our closest friends in Africa. But the democratic space in Ethiopia has never been more vibrant, as the numbers speak for themselves. There were more opposi-tion candidates in the 2015 election than there have ever been in any elec-tion in the history of Ethiopia. In 2015, the African Union observers— they were the ones who were observing the election, and they concluded that the elections had been free, peaceful, and credible and had provided an op-portunity for the Ethiopian people to express their choices at the polls. Over-all, the AU observers offered conclu-sions and recommendations to the gov-ernment, the electoral board, the polit-ical parties, and to the media to strengthen that process, and that has been successful. The resolution inaccurately stated that the ruling party claimed to have won 100 percent of the parliamentary seats. That is not true at all. There is no truth at all in that. In fact, that is not a ruling party. The EPRDF is not one party; it is a coalition of four major political parties with propor-tional representation from four re-gions; namely, from Oromia, Amhara, and some of the other southern na-tions. The resolution also claimed that peaceful protests were often hijacked by violent events. Last year, there were protests and demonstrations in part of Oromia and Amhara, in that region, and it did grow violent. Ethiopia has a duty to ensure law and order like any other country, and that is exactly what they did. They openly acknowledged that people have legitimate grievances and expressed their willingness to address those. They are making strides. The second National Human Rights Action Plan— the current ruling party has embarked on a dialogue with 222 opposition par-ties. The United States should allow this dialogue to continue free of inter-ference. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.065 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2287 April 18, 2018 
This resolution wasn’t new. The House of Representatives did this in 2007 also. By the way, they also did this by voice vote then because no one wanted to be tied to something that they had to vote on without really knowing what it was all about. So they did it in 2007. I don’t think the outcome of that was ever discussed, so I am going to tell the story now. The 2007 resolution claimed that its purpose was to ‘‘encourage and facili-tate the consolidation of peace and se-curity in Ethiopia,’’ but in reality, it focused only on the shortcomings while blatantly ignoring the unprecedented progress the country had made. I went to Ethiopia 3 weeks after the House voted in 2007. The resolution was reported widely for weeks in the Ethio-pian press as the United States sharply criticizing Ethiopians, the same as they did last week. It caused great con-fusion and anger with the Ethiopian people, who were emerging from Com-munist rule. You could argue that at the time this happened, the people were protesting the administration under Prime Minister Meles. Probably they were saying that they prefer the Communists because this is something he was responsible for changing at that time. So they had that resolution. It was reported that it hurt them and hurt their reputation around the world, caused great confusion and anger with the Ethiopian people, who were emerg-ing from a Communist rule and work-ing with democracy. I met with Prime Minister Meles on that trip, and he said that the House vote really hurt our relationship with Ethiopia. I remember exactly what he said to me. He said: Our survival de-pends on democratization. He was also open and honest about the problems they had in the 2005 elec-tion. He acknowledged the riots and that better training could have pre-vented the deaths of some seven police-men. That is not the story we hear. We hear about hundreds of people dying, but that is simply not the case. Prime Minister Meles also noted that they were being singled out for criti-cism and sanctions when Eritrea—an autocratic government that openly gave refuge to terrorists—faced no such condemnation. He stated that he felt insulted by the bill, as well he should have. When I was visiting with Azeb, Meles’s wife—by the way, Azeb and Meles fought together in the feud that took over the country from com-munism, in the bush. When she asked me how the United States could attack our friends in this way, I didn’t have an answer for that. Remember, we are friends. Ethiopia has been a partner on the global War on Terror and has con-tributed troops to peacekeeping mis-sions and supports regional security ef-forts. We also met with a group of Ethio-pian citizens in Addis who had returned to Ethiopia to rebuild the nation. They had returned in the mid-2000s because it was the first time they had con-fidence in the government to return. They were very frustrated and dis-appointed by the resolution. Today I am sure that Prime Minister Abiy and the Ethiopian people are also confused and frustrated by this resolu-tion. I want to speak now to our friends in Ethiopia who may be feeling aban-doned by the United States and ques-tioning our partnership and friendship in such a critical part of the world. This resolution, while offensive to you, does not change your friendship with the United States. I want to repeat that. I want to make sure people know that the resolution, while it is offensive to you, doesn’t change your friendship with the United States. We have a long history of economic and military cooperation that will con-tinue, and Ethiopia is only gaining mo-mentum as a nation. This is apparent when you look at Ethiopia’s economy, their military, and the U.S.-Ethiopia trade relationship that they are now building with our country. Ethiopia ranks among the fastest growing economies in the world. This is signifi-cant: Despite the recent drought, the IMF estimates that Ethiopia will have an average GDP growth rate of 7.4 per-cent from 2017 to 2020. This is what I would have said yes-terday, but something happened yes-terday that I didn’t know was going to happen. Yesterday, in the latest World Economic Outlook, the IMF announced that Ghana had lost its position as the fastest growing economy in Africa, and they lost it to Ethiopia. Ethiopia now has the fastest growth—8.5 percent. We in the United States would love to have an 8.5-percent economic growth rate. Total U.S. direct investment, includ-ing partnerships, stands at more than $567 million, with more than $65 mil-lion originating solely from the United States. The United States has a positive trade balance with Ethiopia, particu-larly in manufacturing, energy, and ag-ricultural processing. Over the past 70 years, Ethiopian Air-lines has purchased more than 100 U.S.- origin aircraft. In 2016 alone, Ethiopia utilized over $149 million worth of U.S. agricultural products, including wheat, coffee, and oil seeds. The United States continues to pro-vide assistance to support Ethiopia’s agricultural development. Through the USDA, the 3-year, $13 million Food for Progress Program—known as the FEED project—helps to improve yields of milk, meat, eggs, and other products by increasing the availability and qual-ity of livestock feed. The U.S. International Military Edu-cation and Training Program—by the way, that is called IMET—the IMET Program was put together many years ago so that when our troops go into other areas, they mingle with the troops there, and then we invite the troops from the various countries to come into the United States and get their training here. We found out that once the training takes place in this country, we have their allegiance for the rest of the time they are there. They have been working to train future leaders here in the United States and create a rapport between the United States and the Ethiopian military. They had over 600 members from 2010 to 2015—one of our most successful IMET programs, working military to military. Along with their own successes, Ethi-opia has established itself as a world player. Ethiopia and the United States belong to a number of the same organi-zations, including the United Nations, the International Monetary Fund, and the World Bank. The nation is an ob-server to the World Trade Organization and is currently serving on the United Nations Security Council as a non-permanent member. So I say to my colleagues in the Sen-ate, I would like to remind you that with the passing of resolution 128, we are repeating the past. That is exactly what they did a few years ago. That doesn’t mean we have to do it again in the future. Ethiopia is a key friend, and Prime Minister Abiy—just keep in mind, here is a guy who is the highest educated Prime Minister we think in the entire history of the entire con-tinent of Africa. He deserves a chance for a strong start. I will continue to fight for that strong friendship in Congress, and I urge the United States to give them the chance they have rightly earned. Clearly, resolution 128 does not reflect America’s relationship with Ethiopia, one of our most valued allies in all of Africa. ‘‘Are you listening?’’ I asked my brother. Prime Minister Abiy, America is with you. America is with you. I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
REMEMBERING BARBARA BUSH Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, to-night I want to talk about the passing of an extraordinary woman—a woman who captured the hearts of Americans across every spectrum. Barbara Bush was one of the most popular people in America—and for good reason. One of only two women in the history of our country to be both the First Lady of the United States and also the mother of a President, she consistently used those platforms that, as she would say, God graced her with, for good causes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.066 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2288 April 18, 2018 
There are many stories, but one I would like to recount was shortly after President Bush’s election. She went to an AIDS hospice here in Washington, DC. This was a time when the AIDS epidemic was a huge crisis. Frankly, there was a stigma attached to it and a lot of nervousness about the disease. Barbara Bush picked up a baby with AIDS and cradled that baby. She hugged and kissed kids with AIDS. The message was very clear: There should be no stigma. We have nothing to fear. It is time for us to embrace these peo-ple. Her quote that day was ever-lasting: ‘‘There is a need for compas-sion.’’ She spoke to the heart. She also used the platform she had to empower people through literacy. This was one of her great causes. She be-lieved the world would be a much bet-ter place if everyone could read, write, and comprehend, and the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy con-tinues to do amazing work. She has touched the lives of so many—so many young people, so many adults—and brought them into a new world through literacy. She accomplished a lot more through her distinguished life. She was dig-nified, straightforward, witty, and well-intentioned. She had a habit of speaking her mind freely, and some-times that got her in a little bit of trouble, but, frankly, when she did that, almost all of us nodded our heads in agreement. Interestingly, her Secret Service code name was ‘‘Tranquility.’’ For any-one who knew her personally, that might have seemed to be an odd code name. Probably she chose that code name herself, by the way. She wasn’t always tranquil. In fact, she was some-times feisty—famously so. One story that I think shows some of her feistiness was when she was having dinner one night with the President of the United States—43, who happened to be her son—and in front of many oth-ers, including staff, she commented critically on his table manners, which, of course, she loved, and so did he. The night before she left us, that feistiness was on display when Barbara Bush, instead of asking for pain medi-cation, asked for a glass of bourbon and, with a smile, took a sip. I think the name ‘‘Tranquility’’ was also fitting for her. It was fitting for her because she was a calming influ-ence. She made things more tranquil. I saw that firsthand at the White House, where she made life easier for every-body. I had the pleasure of first getting to know her when I was doing volunteer advanced work for her husband, then- Vice President Bush. I traveled over-seas with them, traveled around the country some with them, and got to see the calming influence she had on everyone around her. Later, when I was in the counsel’s of-fice at the White House, I got to see how she made everybody feel more comfortable—including me, as a young White House staffer—encouraging me, knowing people, saying hello to them, talking to them, ensuring that the mo-rale was good. Tranquility. It was helpful then, and it was helpful through her life, as she was there as the rock, as the adult. My wife Jane and I had recently be-come married. We had a child when I worked at the White House. Barbara Bush couldn’t have been more gracious. She was a dear friend ever since. In fact, a few years later, when I first ran for public office—I ran for the U.S. House of Representatives in Cincinnati, OH, the Second Congressional District of Ohio—she came to campaign for me. This was early in 1993. Recall that, in 1992, George H.W. Bush—41—had lost his reelection. We did a political event in Cin-cinnati. I took her to Skyline Chili, which is a famous place in my home-town and all around Southwest Ohio. Although Skyline Chili and Cincinnati chili is an acquired taste, she at least acted like she really enjoyed it. She wore the bib, and people loved it. Maybe most importantly for me, while she was there, she cut a radio ad for me. In that radio ad, she said: ‘‘I al-ways enjoy having Skyline Chili with R
OBPORTMAN when I’m in Cincinnati.’’ She said some other things that were kind. Frankly, as I look back on that race—there were 10 people in the pri-mary. My name identification was about 6 percent, half of whom thought I was somebody else with a similar name. I think that radio ad played a huge role in my first election, my abil-ity to be here today and to serve the people of Ohio. Barbara Bush was an important reason I won. In that election, by the way, I had stuck with George H.W. Bush, who had just lost his reelection, when others were being critical, because I had so much respect for him and so much re-spect for her. Frankly, I think her pop-ularity was an important reason I was able to win. In recent years, I made a habit of making a pilgrimage to Maine every summer to see them, sometimes going to Houston during the winter as well, but going to Maine has been a wonder-ful way to connect with them. I have gone with my daughter. I have gone with my wife Jane a few times. I sit with them. President Bush loves to give advice still, and I love to get it. Barbara Bush loved the political gos-sip, and we loved to talk about people and things and what was going on in Washington. She was curious, engaged, sharp, and up to speed. She loved George H.W. Bush so deep-ly. She sometimes called him ‘‘FLFW,’’ former leader of the free world. Again, her wit was on display everywhere she was. I remember being with them last summer on the porch. She always in-sisted on eating lunch outside. The waves were coming in on the Maine coast and the Sun was reflecting on the waves. Family was always around. That is when she was happiest. I will certainly miss those moments we shared, the encouragement, and the very candid advice that she was never hesitant to offer, but as we mourn the loss of this authentic and admired American, we should all find comfort in remembering the way she lived and the incredible legacy she leaves. She never ran for political office her-self, but in a way she represented all of us, and I think she represented the best in all of us. I think that is one reason she was so popular. She showed us how to handle the spotlight and responsi-bility with grace, with dignity, and with the incredible way that she, again, was able to bring tranquility wherever she was. No wife, no mother, no grandmother was more devoted to her family. She had unconditional love for her chil-dren, including the 43rd President of the United States, with whom she had a great relationship. Her true partner-ship with George H.W. Bush, in service to the country, all the way from the time he was an 18-year-old Navy pilot through his career as President and after is an inspiration, that uncondi-tional love and that partnership—an inspiration certainly to me and to Jane as a role model but an inspiration to all of us as Americans. I know I speak for all of my col-leagues in the United States Senate as we pay tribute to her and also send our condolences to the entire Bush family. Barbara Bush is now in a better place. I can imagine her smiling, sur-rounded by family, including her be-loved daughter, Robin, whom she lost as a child. She is on a coast some-where, dignified, witty, and feisty, all at once, and she is earning that code name ‘‘Tranquility.’’ I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, and pursuant to the provisions of S. Res. 474, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m., Thurs-day, April 19, and does so as a further mark of respect for the late John Mel-cher, former Senator from Montana. Thereupon, the Senate, at 7:35 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, April 19, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate April 18, 2018: 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
CARLOS G. MUNIZ, OF FLORIDA, TO BE GENERAL COUN-SEL, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G18AP6.068 S18APPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE493 April 18, 2018 
PROPOSING A BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITU-TION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, April 12, 2018 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to this proposal to amend the U.S. Constitution. This amendment, if rati-fied, would likely result in devastating cuts to programs like Social Security and Medicare that would harm Oregonians and families around the country. H.J. Res. 2, the Balanced Budget Amendment, would require the federal government to cut any spending that is not fully offset by incoming revenue, including spending on Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. I agree that Congress must act in a fiscally responsible manner, and we owe it to our children and grandchildren to not leave them with a country that has a significant debt burden. But there are many ways to be fiscally responsible, including finding smarter, better ways to provide important services and by making investments that actually grow the economy. It is important to note that the majority is bringing this measure to the floor for a vote now, not long after the passage of their par-tisan tax bill that will further exacerbate in-come inequality and explode our deficit by about $1.9 trillion dollars. Our seniors deserve better than having their Social Security bene-fits-which they have earned over a lifetime of hard work-jeopardized under the guise of fis-cal responsibility. If my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are serious about rein-ing in federal spending, we should look to commonsense reforms, not across-the-board measures that put Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid at risk. 
f 
REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of Holocaust Remem-brance Week to honor the millions of lives lost during this horrific period in history. Fueled by hatred, Nazis brutally imprisoned and murdered more than 6 million Jewish men, women, and children—as well as hun-dreds of thousands of other victims—resulting in the largest systematic genocide the world has ever witnessed. Listening to the heart wrenching stories of Holocaust survivors should solidify our com-mitment to stop this from ever happening again. I am troubled by a recent study which found that an alarming 66 percent of Americans be-tween the ages of 18 and 34 years old cannot explain the significance of Auschwitz, the con-centration camp where Nazis killed 1.1 million people during World War II. To me, this is a clear sign that now—more than ever—it is vital to educate our younger generations and continue to condemn and de-nounce the actions of the Nazi regime. As the years pass, there are fewer brave survivors left to tell their stories, and, unfortu-nately, there are still acts of genocide occur-ring around the world. The United States should do everything in its power to help prevent these atrocious acts from occurring, which is why I am proud to co-sponsor the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atroc-ities Prevention Act. This legislation strengthens the U.S. govern-ment’s ability to prevent and respond to geno-cide, war crimes, and other crimes against hu-manity. The Nazis used fear and hatred to attempt the elimination of an entire population of peo-ple. Without intervention, they may have suc-ceeded. As Elie Wiesel, a courageous Holocaust survivor and Nobel Laureate, said, ‘‘Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.’’ It is our moral responsibility as the world’s most powerful nation to never forget and to stand up against violence, racism, and geno-cide across the globe. As we honor Holocaust Remembrance Week, let this be a reminder of our responsi-bility to educate younger generations. Today, I stand with my colleagues to honor, pray for, and remember the victims of the Hol-ocaust. May we recognize and improve upon mistakes in our past, so we are not con-demned to repeat history in the future. f 
REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 16, 2018 Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Holocaust Remembrance Week and the 75th anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising. The Holocaust was the systematic persecu-tion of six million Jews by the Nazi regime. This week, we remember the millions of peo-ple who suffered from these crimes. This year is also the 75th anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, when the remaining impris-oned Jews rose up against the Nazi SS. I am dedicated to honoring the memory of those who perished in the Holocaust. That is why funding of the Holocaust Memorial Mu-seum is essential. It is also imperative to pro-vide assistance to those who survived the Hol-ocaust, which is why I support funding for the Holocaust Survivors Assistance Program. I encourage my fellow Members of Con-gress to join me in remembering the six million people who died in the Holocaust. With our continued efforts to fund the Holocaust Memo-rial Museum and the Holocaust Survivors As-sistance Program, we may continue to honor the legacy of those who perished. f 
RECOGNIZING LONNIE BELL 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lonnie Bell, a Montanan who shared his warmth, wit, and talents with hundreds of thousands over his seven decades as a coun-try music disc jockey. Bell, a Navy veteran with 20 years of serv-ice, began entertaining audiences while sta-tioned in Oahu in 1953. For the next 30 years, he combined genuine love for country music with his authentic and unpretentious broadcast style in stations around the country. Bell made Montana his permanent home in 1964. In 1985, Bell began his second radio career, hosting a popular Sunday country music pro-gram until last month. In March, the Country Music Disc Jockey Hall of Famer signed off the air with his final broadcast from Billings. Along the way, Bell, an accomplished musi-cian, helped country music legends Charlie Pride and Loretta Lynn find their way to star-dom. It is my honor to recognize Lonnie Bell for his countless contributions to country music and to our Montana way of life. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MS. SHERI CAINE ON RECEIVING THE 2018 NORTHRUP GRUMMAN FOUNDA-TION EXCELLENCE IN ENGINEER-ING EDUCATION AWARD 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Ms. Sheri Caine, a teacher at Harold L. Richards High School in Oak Lawn, Illinois, for receiving this year’s Northrop Grumman Foundation Excellence in Engineer-ing Education award. The National Science Teachers Association presented Ms. Caine with the award in March at their National Con-ference on Science Education. As an engi-neer, a former teacher, and strong proponent of STEM education, I am especially proud to recognize this tremendous accomplishment. For the last 10 years, Ms. Caine has been teaching all levels of chemistry and physics at Richards High School. Throughout her teach-ing career, she has earned a reputation for engaging students in the classroom and urg-ing them to think about science both theoreti-cally and as a tool to solve real world prob-lems. In the lesson plan she created to meet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.001 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE494 April 18, 2018 
the award criteria, students design a musical instrument, predict the frequency the instru-ment will play, and then measure the actual frequency using an iPad. Sheri Caine’s impact on her students goes beyond the classroom with her dedication to after-school tutoring and the school’s volleyball program. Ms. Caine’s background in research has un-doubtedly contributed to her success in the classroom. While she is currently pursuing a Ph.D. in Global STEM Education at Texas Tech University, she spent her previous sum-mers working at Argonne National Laboratory. After being diagnosed with thyroid cancer, Ms. Caine contributed to the advancement of can-cer treatment by agreeing to undergo a mini-mally invasive procedure known as transoral thyroidectomy. After learning that the Univer-sity of Chicago was looking to be the first pio-neer of this treatment in the Midwest, Ms. Caine eagerly volunteered. Her bravery and commitment to science proved successful as she is now cancer free. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Ms. Sheri Caine on this award and on the accolades she has received throughout her career. Richards High School is fortunate to have such an exceptional teacher on staff and I wish her the best as she continues teaching and inspiring students. 
f 
CONGRATULATING J. GARY PENNETT UPON HIS RETIRE-MENT FROM THE MISSILE DE-FENSE AGENCY 
HON. TULSI GABBARD 
OF HAWAII  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, from the very first day at the U.S. Air Force Academy and throughout one’s service in the U.S. Air Force, you learn about how to live the Air Force val-ues: integrity first, service before self, and strive for excellence. J. Gary Pennett did his best to live these values, and has gone above and beyond in answering the call to serve throughout his more than four decades of mili-tary and public service. Throughout his life, J. Gary Pennett has served in the United States Air Force, in the Department of Defense, and in his current role at the Missile Defense Agency. As Director of Operations at the Missile Defense Agency, Pennett utilized his people-first approach as the chief architect of recruiting, hiring a di-verse, professional, and highly-skilled work-force. Even in the face of extreme budget un-certainty, government furloughs, shutdowns, and declining budgets, Pennett has found op-portunity and success in the most trying cir-cumstances—ensuring that his Agency deliv-ers on its promise to defend our nation. I thank Mr. J. Gary Pennett for his service to the people of Hawai’i and our country, and congratulate him as he closes this chapter in his career of service performed to the highest standards. We wish him well as he begins the next. Aloha. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on April 16, 2018, I missed two recorded votes on the House floor due to train travel delays. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call 140, and yea on Roll Call 141. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHAEL J. ASELAGE, FORT LORAMIE COM-MUNITY FIRE COMPANY 
HON. JIM JORDAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commend to the House the memory of Fire-fighter Michael J. Aselage of the Fort Loramie Community Fire Company, who was killed in the line of duty on April 2, 1975. Michael Aselage was born in 1950, the son of Bernard and Elizabeth Aselage. Upon grad-uating from Fort Loramie High School, he en-tered the United States Coast Guard, where he served for four years. In late 1974, fol-lowing in the footsteps of his father, he joined the Fort Loramie Community Fire Company. On April 2, 1975, Michael noticed a downed electric pole and wire lying across a portion of Ohio State Route 705. He immediately went to a nearby house to call the Shelby County Sheriff’s Office for assistance. He then went back to the site of the downed wire to direct traffic around the hazard. He was killed when the door of his vehicle came into contact with the wire. This Sunday, a portion of State Route 705 in Shelby County will be renamed and dedi-cated in Michael’s honor. On behalf of the people of Ohio’s Fourth Congressional District, I offer my condolences to the family and friends of Michael J. Aselage as they gather to celebrate his selfless service. I am grateful to the members of the Fort Loramie Community Fire Company for pursuing this honor in tribute to their fallen comrade. 
f 
KATIE GROKE ELLIS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Katie Groke Ellis for receiving the 2017 Arvada Young Profes-sional Leadership Award from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. Katie Groke Ellis is being recognized for her innovation, entrepreneurship, professional ac-complishments and community leadership. In 2017, Katie led the charge on the Apex Park and Recreation District rebranding all while maintaining her other professional responsibil-ities. Katie is an exemplary leader and always willing to step up and help to ensure the Ar-vada community thrives. Congratulations to Katie Groke Ellis for this well-deserved award and thank you for your contribution to our community. f 
CONGRATULATING CALEB KLEMAN 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an exemplary student from the 1st District of Iowa. I am pleased to announce that Caleb Kleman of Cedar Rapids, Iowa has been accepted to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Mr. Kleman is an outstanding student— ranking in the top 1 percent of Iowa Assess-ments each year of his high school career. In addition to awards such as Academic Numer-als, Academic Letter, and Academic Certifi-cate, he is recognized as an AP Scholar with distinction in his third year. Mr. Kleman’s aca-demic recognition is well deserved as he ranks 5th of 309 students in his class with a weighted GPA of 4.492 while enrolling in over ten advanced placement courses. Further developing his leadership skills, Mr. Kleman attained the position Vice President of the National Honor Society, Section Leader of Marching Band, and First Chair of both Jazz Band and Concert Band. His participation in the band as a first chair trumpet player for four years led to performances at All-State com-petitions. Serving as Captain of the Cross Country team, he developed skills identifying potential conflicts, problem solving, and team building. I have full confidence in Mr. Kleman’s ability to successfully pursue a degree in engineering while serving as a vital asset to the U.S. Navy. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DARLENE AND ED LAUGHLIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Darlene and Ed Laughlin of Imogene, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 15, 2018. Darlene and Ed’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K18AP8.003 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE495 April 18, 2018 
RECOGNIZING ALLEN JOHNSON AND HIS SERVICE TO OUR COUN-TRY 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Allen John-son for his heroism in receiving the Purple Heart during the Korean War. Allen Johnson joined the Army in January of 1951, and soon found himself fighting for our country on the battlefields of the Korean War. On November 24, 1951, Mr. Johnson was wounded in battle. Though earning the Purple Heart, he never re-ceived it until just this year. Allen Johnson went on to serve in the Na-tional Guard and retired with the rank of Cap-tain. Like so many of his generation, Mr. John-son never sought fanfare or special recogni-tion for his service. He and his wife, Mardell, were married 62 years, and raised ten chil-dren. Mr. Johnson served his community as a member of the VFW and American Legion. Allen Johnson passed away last October, but he will remain an inspiration to all Mon-tanans. I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the life and service of Allen Johnson. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WILDWOOD MIDDLE HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to recognize Wildwood Middle High School and their many accomplishments during the 2017–2018 school year. Congratulations to the girls and boys bas-ketball teams on winning the Class 1A state championship. This is the second consecutive state title for the girls basketball team and the first state title since 1953 for the boys basket-ball. I am happy to recognize the contribution of the coaches and players to this historic sea-son. Principal and girls basketball coach Rich-ard Hampton and boys basketball coach Von Moreland were both named Class 1A Coach of the Year. Kari Niblack and Darion Wilson were named Class 1A Player of the Year. Congratulations to the Wildcats football team on an undefeated season. Coach McKin-ley Rolle was named Class 1A Coach of the Year. Coach Rolle led the team to their first undefeated season since 1985. Congratulations to Kylie Ondriezek on being named Sumter County Teacher of the Year. Ms. Ondriezek is a graduate of Wildwood Mid-dle High School and returned to teach English. Wildwood Middle High School’s dedication to quality education and creating opportunities for success is evident from these recognitions. I am pleased to recognize Wildwood Middle High School and congratulate the students, teachers, and administrators for their hard work and outstanding accomplishments. May their example inspire many to follow in their footsteps. CONGRATULATING DEE KOCH ON HER RETIREMENT HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a Fort Bend County treasure, Dee Koch on her retirement. Dee is retiring from her position as the George Foundation Director of Community En-gagement. She is an icon in my home county of Fort Bend, where she has established two community engagement programs; Youth-in- Philanthropy and the Leadership Excellence Program. Between these programs and her work at the George Foundation, she has over-seen grants totaling $135 million. Over the years, Dee has also been instrumental in nu-merous community projects including the George Memorial Library, Access Health, the University of Houston Sugar Land, Memorial Hermann, the Fort Bend County Museum and the Mamie George Community Center. She has been a tireless advocate for youth and families in need in our community. I am proud to know her and call her a friend. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dee Koch on her retirement. I thank her for her dedication to making Fort Bend County a better place to live and raise a family. 
f 
HONORING MS. LORENA CAMP COLLINS 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lorena Camp Collins for her dedication to her community’s health and well-being. For 55 years, Ms. Collins has spent her spare time volunteering at the Northeast Geor-gia Medical Center, giving more than 24,000 hours of her life to supporting patients, family members, visitors, and medical staff. When holidays approached, she never hesi-tated to fill in for fellow volunteers and staff, allowing them to spend time with their families. In 2004, Ms. Collins earned the Marjorie Covington Smith Auxilian of the Year title, and Governor Deal honored her for 50 years of service in 2013. She never allowed such praise to distract her, and she has continued to invest her energy in the medical center. I am proud to honor Ms. Lorena Collins for her decades of selfless sacrifice. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LAHC’S 30 YEARS OF DISTINGUISHED SERV-ICE TO SOUTHEAST MICHIGAN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Leaders Advancing and Helping Communities (LAHC) as they celebrate their 30th Annual Awards Gala. Their efforts enrich the lives of countless Michigan residents through their programming. LAHC was founded in 1982 as an athletic organization in Dearborn, Michigan with the mission of providing community members with a way to connect with neighbors and exercise. As Dearborn’s Arab American population grew through the 1980s and 1990s, LAHC realized its potential and expanded to serve the needs of the fast-growing community. The organiza-tion’s leaders made the decision to shift from a health-centered organization to one that fo-cused on the Dearborn community and initia-tives that spread awareness of Arab culture. After receiving continuous feedback from com-munity members, LAHC realized the impor-tance of promoting education and now has a rich network of local sponsors and scholar-ships that aid students throughout their edu-cational journey while simultaneously sup-porting local medical initiatives. As LAHC grew in influence and size, the or-ganization expanded its programming to focus on three main tenets: education, public health and human services. The organization has provided 1,200 students over $1.3 million in educational scholarships as well as local men-tors for graduating seniors. LAHC also works closely with schools in southeastern Michigan to empower children to take control of their own health by offering cooking and fitness classes in local schools. Over the years, LAHC has grown in size and influence due to the positive impact it has made on southeast Michigan residents. It is proud to offer food as-sistance, clothing and temporary shelter, as well as translation services to community members. Leaders Advancing and Healing Communities has bettered southeast Michigan through its members’ empathetic and dedi-cated leadership. We are grateful for their 30 years of service and look forward to their pub-lic service in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Leaders Advancing and Helping Communities as they celebrate 30 years of service to our southeast Michigan community. Their work in our local community has had a tremendous impact and helped improve the lives of countless Michigan residents. f 
LUKAS KNIGHT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Lukas Knight for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Lukas Knight is a student at Warren Tech North and received this award because his de-termination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Lukas Knight is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Lukas Knight for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18AP8.002 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE496 April 18, 2018 
I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DELORES AND WESLEY HART 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Delores and Wesley Hart of Shenandoah, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 16, 2018. Delores and Wesley’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INDE-PENDENCE OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 70th Anniversary of the Inde-pendence of the State of Israel. I would also like to salute the Consulate General of Israel in New York for decades of work towards strengthening the bond between New York and Israel. For 70 years, Israel has served as a place of refuge for millions of Jewish people around the world. Despite facing tremendous adver-sity at every turn, Israel has become a vibrant and inclusive democracy. As the home of the largest Jewish popu-lation outside Tel Aviv, I know the ties be-tween New York and Israel are particularly deep. Israel is one of our leading partners, and will continue to be in the decades to come. In the words of President John F. Kennedy: ‘‘Israel can neither be broken by adversity nor demoralized by success. It carries the shield of democracy and it honors the sword of free-dom.’’ I would also like to send my deepest grati-tude to everyone that has tirelessly worked to build bridges between Israel and the United States. Thanks to their heroic efforts, the bonds between America and Israel are strong-er than ever. CONGRESS OF FUTURE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize 3 high school students who were cho-sen by the National Academy of Future Sci-entists and Technologists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Con-gress of Future Science and Technology Leaders. The students are Taylor Barker, Lale Edil, and Brielle Williams. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to work in science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) fields These students are nominated by their teachers or the Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into STEM fields and provides a path, plan, and mentoring re-sources to help them reach their dreams. Dur-ing the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from luminaries of the STEM field including top scientific university deans, leaders from government and the private sec-tor, and even Nobel laureates. These students’ acceptance to this pres-tigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of scientists and technologists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the STEM fields. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations to these students and wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. DIANE M CCORD 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with profound respect to recognize and celebrate the career of Ms. Diane McCord on the occa-sion of her retirement. Ms. McCord has retired from the Town of Esopus, New York after forty dedicated years of service. For the past four decades, Ms. McCord has served Esopus in many different capacities as Town Clerk, Town Councilperson, and Town Supervisor, making herself a cornerstone of the community. Ms. McCord’s many years of dedication to the town has improved the qual-ity of life of her friends and neighbors, and as the President of the Senior Citizens organiza-tion, has enhanced the lives of many seniors. I respect the commitment of those distinct individuals who have tirelessly devoted them-selves to their community. Ms. McCord’s leg-acy of hard work and commitment to the Town of Esopus is a source of inspiration, instilling the values of determination, conviction, and loyalty in her community. Mrs. McCord has been an esteemed leader, and I thank her for her commitment to her community. I wish her every happiness as she embarks on this new chapter. NICHOLAS KULHANEK HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nicholas Kulhanek for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nicholas Kulhanek is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nicholas Kulhanek is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Nicholas Kulhanek for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE EAST LOS ANGE-LES COMMUNITY UNION (TELACU) AND THE 35TH ANNUAL TELACU EDUCATION FOUNDA-TION ‘‘BUILDING THE DREAM’’ GALA 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate The East Los Angeles Community Union (TELACU), the nation’s largest and oldest Community Development Corporation, on its 50th anniversary of making immeasurable contributions to traditionally disenfranchised communities, and the TELACU Education Foundation on its 35th an-nual ‘‘Building the Dream’’ Gala. TELACU, which is based in my 40th Con-gressional District, was established as a pio-neering institution in 1968, and was initially funded through federal legislation authored by Senators Robert F. Kennedy and Jacob K. Javits to revitalize urban and underserved communities throughout the United States. Over the years, TELACU has built many com-munity assets, including industrial parks, schools, shopping centers, and municipal fa-cilities. It has created well-paying jobs for local residents, developed quality and affordable homes for first-time homeowners, constructed beautiful residential complexes for families and senior citizens, and established responsive fi-nancial institutions to create access to capital for small business owners and hardworking families. In 1983, TELACU created the TELACU Education Foundation in response to crisis- level dropout rates for Latino students in col-lege. When the foundation began, it served just fifteen first-generation college students. This year, as the Foundation marks its 35th anniversary, it has built a proud legacy of helping thousands of first-generation Latinos 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18AP8.008 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE497 April 18, 2018 
from underserved communities shatter barriers to academic and professional success. Each year, TELACU’s Continuum of Edu-cation—comprised of the College Readiness and College Success Programs—helps more than 2,000 TELACU Scholars as they pursue their high school, college, and graduate stud-ies. These programs offer scholars critical fi-nancial resources and a comprehensive sup-port system to help them achieve their edu-cational and career goals. Historically, approximately 98 percent of high school TELACU Scholars graduate, and almost all of them pursue higher education. More than 99 percent of college TELACU Scholars earn at least a Bachelor’s degree, with an increasing number going on to seek advanced degrees. TELACU Scholars are predominantly Latinos from some of the most economically depressed communities in Los Angeles. Our communities, our state, and our nation are all strengthened when these scholars earn high school diplomas and college degrees. With TELACU’s help, these graduates become independent, well-educated professionals and role models who inspire, empower, and invest in the next generation of Latino leaders. Today, the TELACU Scholar Alumni network stretches all over the world. They are re-searchers and engineers, entrepreneurs and CEOs, educators and policy-makers. They are leaders who help to maintain the United States’ promise as a place where immigrants can use their own talents to pursue their dreams. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of the thousands of students, families, and communities that have been helped by TELACU, I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating TELACU on its 50th anniversary and the TELACU Edu-cation Foundation on its 35th anniversary. Let us also celebrate the remarkable TELACU Scholars honored at the foundation’s annual ‘‘Building the Dream’’ Gala. I wish TELACU and the TELACU Education Foundation the very best as it continues its mission of helping underserved communities pursue socio-economic equity with the help of educational opportunities, community development, and economic empowerment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF RAYMOND NICH-OLAS ADLER 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a longtime Concord resident, Mr. Raymond Nicholas ‘‘Nick’’ Adler. Nick Adler was born on March 29, 1946, in Evansville, Indiana, to Merrie Claire Northrup and Dr. Raymond Adler. He attended Reitz Memorial High School and worked for his grandfather’s grocery store as a customer service clerk. After Nick graduated high school, he entered St. Meinrad Seminary but after much reflection, he chose a different path, earning a history degree from the Uni-versity of Evansville. Nick worked as a school teacher for a pe-riod of time, but eventually pursued a career in the medical field by enrolling at the Univer-sity of Portland, where he graduated with a Nursing Science degree. During this period, he met the love of his life, Marie ‘‘Cookie’’ Garaventa and on July 27, 1974, Nick and Cookie were married. As their family grew, Nick worked as a visiting nurse for Contra Costa County and then began a 35-year ca-reer working as an office manager for Concord Disposal Service. During his tenure, Nick pro-vided exceptional customer service and volun-teered with many community organizations. He continued his passion and pursuit for high-er education by earning a master’s degree in national security and he enjoyed listening to many audiobooks, until his unexpected pass-ing on March 24, 2018. Nick is survived by his loving wife, Cookie; devoted children: Paul Adler (Lisa), David Adler (Nicole), Nicole Impagliazzo (Maron) & Angelina Kosich (Greg). Nick’s greatest pas-sion in life was entertaining his beloved eleven grandchildren: Nicholas, Alessandra, Joseph, Mark, Michael, Siena, Andrew, Christopher, Arianna, Luke, and Carly. He is also survived by his brothers: Steven Adler, Michael Adler (Jen) & John Adler (Diana); sisters: Merrie Stradtner and Jennie Evans (Don), along with numerous nieces and nephews. His generous loving spirit, strong sense of faith, funny sense of humor, and quick wit will be missed by all who knew him. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE DETER MOTOR COMPANY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Deter Motor Company of Atlantic. The company opened their doors in 1964 with a plan to help people with their transportation needs. The dealership is a full service business and offers numerous brands at its current location on Second Street in Atlantic. The company has 32 employees who assist customers in sales and service. Rod Deter, manager of the Deter Motor Company, said, ‘‘it is a challenge to learn a new business after a career in elec-tronics and software. Any business is about helping people no matter what the product is. I have always liked the car business, because it is a rewarding career to get people into the vehicle they want and to keep it running prop-erly.’’ Mr. Speaker, I commend Rod and his staff for their dedicated service to Atlantic. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Deter Motor Company for their many achievements in the auto industry and in wish-ing Rod, his family, and employees nothing but the best. RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE STATE OF ISRAEL HON. ALBIO SIRES 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I would like to rec-ognize the upcoming 70th anniversary of the founding of the State of Israel and the strong bond of friendship between the United States and Israel. The United States and the State of Israel share democratic freedoms and values, and embrace those values as the cornerstones of a vibrant democratic society. Israel has contin-ued to stand as a stalwart of democracy and a beacon of hope for Jewish immigrants from all over the world. As an immigrant myself, I value the democratic principles which are the linchpin of our nation. I have visited Israel and been fortunate enough to witness the special relationship the U.S. and Israel share. We share the common goals of peace, freedom, and the pursuit of security and prosperity for our citizens and for the region. It is my pleasure to help honor the State of Israel on its 70th birthday, and recog-nize the importance of the friendship between our two countries. I hope all my colleagues and fellow Americans will join me in taking pride in the unique contributions that our Israeli community has made to our nation. Again, congratulations to Israel and its peo-ple all across the world on their 70th inde-pendence day. 
f 
EXHAUCE KUMESO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Exhauce Kumeso for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Exhauce Kumeso is a student at Arvada K– 8 and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Exhauce Kumeso is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Exhauce Kumeso for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, on April 16, 2018 I was not able to participate in the 6:30 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.013 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE498 April 18, 2018 
vote series. I would like to reflect how I would have voted if I were present: ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call No. 140 and ‘‘Yea’’ on Roll Call No. 141. 
f 
GLOBAL FOOD SECURITY REAU-THORIZATION ACT OF 2018 MARK-UP 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday we marked up H.R. 5129, the Glob-al Food Security Reauthorization Act of 2018. I’d like to thank Chairman R
OYCE , for his lead-ership on global food security, including in par-ticular for his original cosponsorship of this re-authorization as well as the original Global Food Security Act, and his agreeing to move this bill to markup so rapidly. The original Global Food Security Act pro-moted food security, resilience and nutrition in developing countries in keeping with U.S. na-tional security interests. Through agriculture- led economic development, GFSA has strengthened partner countries’ capacity and lessened their dependence on emergency food assistance. It has also improved effi-ciency among federal departments and agen-cies and leveraged the participation of other non-U.S. governmental partners. I should be restated that GFSA’s legacy as a bipartisan success story—legislation which solidified in law a policy that had its roots in the Bush Administration, was amplified by President Obama and is now being imple-mented by President Trump. Now is the time to reauthorize this landmark legislation. H.R. 5129 builds upon the Global Food Security Act of 2016, which formally codified the Feed the Future Initiative and was signed into law with overwhelming bipartisan support in July 2016, by reauthorizing the pro-gram for two years—per the Amendment you have before you—through 2020. Crucially, this reauthorization bill empha-sizes the importance of deworming initiatives. Among the neglected tropical diseases, intes-tinal worms account for nearly eighty percent of NTD prevalence, affecting close to one bil-lion people the world over. These worms un-dercut our nutrition interventions, and can lead to death by malnutrition or lifelong stunting. We need to combine our nutrition interventions not only with a coordinated deworming cam-paign, but also with Water Sanitation Health interventions that change people’s behavior. WaSH training helps ensure people limit expo-sure to worms, such as by washing and peel-ing vegetables or something as simple as giv-ing children shoes to wear so if they trod on worm-infected soil they don’t get sick again. We are trying to feed the future, not feed the worms. We will also rectify an oversight by including the Inter-American Foundation in the inter-agency initiative on Food Security. IAF does development right, in particular working with small holder farmers while keeping bureau-cratic overhead low. That we are here reauthorizing the Global Food Security Act is a testament to the dedi-cation of numerous committed groups outside Congress that have made food security and nutrition their priority, from advocates to imple-menters—especially and including faith-based organizations who perhaps work the closest to the small-holder farmers and women who ben-efit in particular from our food security efforts. I thank them for their support and look forward to working with them more in this process. I’d also like to compliment our federal agen-cies tasked with implementing the GFSA—in particular USAID under the leadership of Beth Dunford. The professionalism and dedication of Beth and many others is critical to the over-all success of the program. Finally, I would like to thank Rep. BETTY M
CCOLLUM for again being the lead cosponsor on this critical, bipartisan legislation, as well as to thank original cosponsor Ranking Member E
NGEL and the Ranking member of our sub-committee, K
AREN BASSand others. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE AND THE CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE ISRAELI- AMERICAN COMMUNITY IN WASHINGTON STATE 
HON. RICK LARSEN 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 70th anniversary of the independence of the state of Israel, which falls on April 19 this year. Israel is an important friend and ally of the United States. The United States and Israel share a unique bond based on democratic principles, common values and mutual strategic interests. In Washington state, the Puget Sound re-gion is home to the fastest growing Jewish community of any metropolitan area in the United States, including almost 10,000 Israelis. On April 22, people from across Washington state will gather for a Yom Ha’atzmaut festival, celebrating 70 years of Israeli Independence. I would like to recognize the Israeli-Amer-ican community for its contributions to Wash-ington state and honor the hope of the Jewish people. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHY AND DELBERT KING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Kathy and Delbert King of Villisca, Iowa on the very spe-cial occasion of their 65th wedding anniver-sary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 9, 2018. Kathy and Delbert’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 142 regarding the ‘‘Protecting Children from Identity Theft Act.’’ Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
MIGUEL LOPEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Miguel Lopez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Miguel Lopez is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Miguel Lopez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Miguel Lopez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, April 16 and Tuesday, April 17, 2018, I was not present for recorded votes. I would have voted: YES on roll call vote No. 140 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 146, as amended), YES on roll call vote No. 141 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 167), and YES on roll call vote No. 142 (on passage of H.R. 5192). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.017 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE499 April 18, 2018 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF BARBARA PIERCE BUSH, MATRIARCH OF A GREAT AMERICAN FAMILY, CHAMPION OF FAMILY AND LIT-ERACY, AND TRAILBLAZER 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in remembrance of Barbara Pierce Bush, the matriarch of one of America’s great families, and former First Lady of the United States. Barbara Bush was a descendant of the 14th president, the wife of the 41st and the mother of the 43rd. Barbara Bush, the widely admired wife of one president and the fiercely loyal mother of another, was born June 8, 1925 in Rye, New York. Barbara Bush attended a prestigious board-ing school in South Carolina, where she met George Herbert Walker Bush at a school dance when she was 16 and he was a year older. Three years later, Barbara Pierce married her sweetheart and their love lasted for 73 years, until she was departed from her be-loved by death. George and Barbara raised their family mainly in West Texas, where they settled after the end of World War II and where the future President went into the oil business. Barbara Bush was a plainspoken woman who was instantly recognizable with her signa-ture white hair, pearl necklaces, and earrings. Mrs. Bush was an early supporter of the Civil Rights Movement, Planned Parenthood, and was a tireless champion of many chari-table causes, especially literacy. Barbara Bush raised more than $1 billion for literacy and cancer charities. Barbara Bush recognized that education was the key that unlocked the door of human potential. Literacy was Barbara Bush’s special cause, which led her to establish the Barbara Bush Foundation for Family Literacy. Shortly after the end of her husband’s presi-dential administration, the Bush Family re-turned to Texas, and all Houstonians were lucky to call her and her husband, George H. W. Bush, the 41st president, our neighbors and dear friends. Barbara Bush’s books include an autobiog-raphy and one about post-White House life. Her children’s book about their dog, Millie, and her puppies written during her White House years was a best seller, as were her other books. In 2001, when George W. Bush took office, Barbara Bush became the only woman in American history to live to see her husband and son elected president. Barbara Bush lived a full life and will be re-membered in American history, alongside only Abigail Adams, for the impact her life had on this country. Barbara Bush is survived by her husband and their children George, Jeb, Neil, Marvin, and Dorothy. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of Barbara Pierce Bush, the Former First Lady of the United States. RECOGNIZING CEI ON 40 YEARS OF INVESTING IN MAINE HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank an organization in my District that is celebrating 40 years of sup-porting rural communities, economies, and families in Maine and across the nation. In the 1970s, social activist and theology student Ron Phillips came to Maine to rep-licate a community-based economic develop-ment model he had seen succeed in places around the world. So began Coastal Enter-prises Inc.—or CEI as it has become known— which made its first loan in 1978 to rebuild a waterfront facility that had burned down and was central to the local fishing community. Since its humble beginnings, CEI has loaned over $1.3 billion, which in turn has le-veraged an additional $2.8 billion in invest-ment. At this point, it is hard to find an area of Maine’s rural economy and community in-frastructure that CEI has not touched. Adapt-ing to the greatest needs and opportunities of our state over the last four decades, it has helped build more than 2,000 affordable hous-ing units, invested in over 2,700 businesses, supported over 37,000 jobs, and created or preserved more than 5,800 child-care open-ings. But CEI is not only a source of financing for worthy projects. It is trusted partner and leader in moving Maine forward, whether that means helping recent immigrants launch their own businesses, supporting women entrepreneurs, strengthening our state’s agricultural and fish-eries industries, or providing counseling to help Mainers stay in their homes. Despite its growth, the organization has stayed true to the communities it serves and to its founding values. CEI’s staff is just as comfortable conversing with CEOs and cor-porate financiers as they are with fishermen on the dock and farmers in the field. I have been proud to work closely with this organization both in Washington and in Maine. I wholeheartedly thank CEI for its work, cele-brate its impact on our communities over the last 40 years, and wish it many more years of success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SHERIFF DUDLEY GREENE 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheriff Dudley Greene of McDowell County, North Carolina. I would like to express my gratitude to Sheriff Greene for 35 years of serving and protecting the citizens of Western North Carolina. Sheriff Greene began his career with law enforcement in 1983 as a Patrol Officer at Newland Police Department in Avery County after completing law enforcement training at Mayland Community College. Sheriff Greene went on to become the Police Chief at Newland Police Department after only two years with the department. He then served as a Special Agent with North Carolina Alcohol Law Enforcement for two years before starting as a Detective and Chief Deputy in Avery County Sheriff’s Office in 1990. In 1994, Sheriff Greene began his career with McDowell County Sheriff’s Office and has faithfully served in various positions over his tenure. Prior to becoming Sheriff, he held many important roles, including Criminal In-vestigation Detective, Jail Captain, and Detec-tive Captain. As Detective Captain, he was recognized as McDowell County’s Deputy of the Year by the county commissioners in 2002. Sheriff Greene has served as Sheriff of McDowell County since his election in 2008 and has successfully handled numerous cases for the people in his community. Sheriff Greene and his wife Allyson have two children: Mary Beth who lives in New York and Julian who is serving in the United States Army. Sheriff Greene attends Grace Commu-nity Church in Marion, North Carolina. Through his dedication to the citizens of McDowell County and wide-ranging involve-ment in his community, Sheriff Greene has en-riched the lives of the people he has faithfully served. It is my distinct honor to recognize his outstanding work and express the best wishes of the people of Western North Carolina to Sheriff Greene on the occasion of his retire-ment. f 
TRIBUTE TO BECKY AND BRAD KRAMER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Becky and Brad Kramer. They were honored by the Midwest Partnership with the Entrepreneur of the Year Award at their annual banquet on January 25, 2018. The Entrepreneur of the Year Award recog-nizes entrepreneurial spirit and the substantial growth of a small business venture in Midwest Partnership’s region. The Kramer’s own Kra-mer’s Cafe in Orient and have recently ren-ovated a two-story commercial building that now houses Harry’s Bar and Orient Lofts. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Becky and Brad for receiving this outstanding award and for working hard to make their community a better place to live and work. I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating them and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
ALYSSA MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Alyssa Martinez for receiving the 2017 Rising Star Award from the Arvada Chamber of Commerce. Each year the Arvada Chamber recognizes Arvada’s finest men and women for their in-volvement and dedication to the community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.023 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE500 April 18, 2018 
Specifically, the Rising Star Award recognizes a high school student who exemplifies extraor-dinary skills in entrepreneurship, innovation, community impact and leadership. A student at Arvada High School, Alyssa has proven to be a leader for the student body and exemplifies high moral conduct and pro-vides a positive example for all students daily. Alyssa is the poster child for doing the right thing while also excelling in everything she puts her mind to. Congratulations to Alyssa Martinez for this well-deserved award, and I thank her for her contribution to our community. 
f 
COMMEMORATING ISRAEL’S 70TH YEAR OF INDEPENDENCE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate Israel’s Memorial Day, Yom Hazikaron, and Israel’s Independence Day, Yom Ha’atzmaut. Israel’s transition from Me-morial Day to Independence Day is a time to reflect about the sacrifices of the people of Israel for their country. And, as the country transitions from sadness to celebration, it is an opportunity to recognize and praise the achievements of Israel. Starting with its very founding, Israel has overcome immense obstacles, including near constant attacks from its neighbors. And yet, over the last 70 years, Israel has grown tre-mendously. Its economy is one of the most dynamic in the world, drawing investors and innovators from around the globe. Its contribu-tions to technology, medicine, and culture have greatly benefitted the international com-munity. Israel has a longstanding history of aid work, most recently providing aid to Syria and responding to natural disasters in Haiti. And, of course, Israel continues to be a refuge for Jewish people fleeing anti-Semitism. On this 70th anniversary of the modern state of Israel, I celebrate the values that the United States and Israel share: the ideals of freedom and pluralism. Israel is a nation that prides itself on promoting freedom and self-de-termination. It seeks peace with its neighbors, and the United States must continue to sup-port Israel in its quest for peace. As a strategic partner and friend, the United States stands in solidarity with Israel against its enemies. We will continue to look for ways to strengthen the partnership between our countries. I am proud to celebrate Yom Ha’atzmaut with our ally, Israel, and look for-ward to the nation’s continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GERARD PLACE AND ITS DEDICATED ADVOCATES DURING NATIOAL VOLUNTEER MONTH 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we recognize April as National Volunteer Month to call special and deserved recognition to Gerard Place and its dedicated advocates. Gerard Place opened its doors and its heart to a community in need in 2000, under the auspices of twelve Congregations of Women Religious in my hometown of Buffalo, New York. These Women of Faith brought a closed city corner back to life for homeless single parents and children through counseling, edu-cation, employment, housing and life skills training. With its core values ingrained in the organi-zation’s building blocks of compassion, rev-erence, integrity and collaboration, Gerard Place’s programs have been highly successful as more than 90 percent have transitioned to independent housing. Statistics are a required reporting tool of course, but Gerard Place’s real impact is found in the faces and heard in the stories of second chances given and opportunities seized by women now living productive, pur-poseful lives. With individualized, intensive support, families are strengthened, careers are pursued and a better future is within reach. Understanding the work is never complete, Gerard Place is expanding its offerings with the rehabilitation of the Community Center to bring classroom space, job readiness training and quality childcare to the neighborhood. As is the case in so many of our mission driven non-profits, the leadership and staff of Gerard Place will be the first to share that so much of what has been achieved and so much that is left to do is only possible thanks to the tireless dedication of its amazing volun-teers. It is a belief I share as a true example of how lives are changed by those inspiring peo-ple among us who give their time, talent and treasure back to their communities. Without the more than 100 volunteers devoting more than 6,000 hours annually in a multitude of roles including engagement with program par-ticipants, staff support, event organization and board membership, the goals of Gerard Place would be unattainable. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to acknowledge and add my thanks to the outstanding volun-teers of Gerard Place for everyday of every month they give hope and help to those they selflessly serve in our community. f 
HONORING JACOB AND JOAB BOWEN 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate two of my Hall County neighbors, Jacob and Joab Bowen, who were honored by the community as ‘‘Farmers of the Year’’ at the Annual Agri-business Awards Program. Jacob and Joab’s father, Paul Bowen, start-ed a chicken farm in 1987. Following his ex-ample, the two brothers have worked on their family’s farm since its inception. Each year, the Greater Hall Chamber of Commerce and the Hall County Cooperative Extension host the awards ceremony to high-light achievements in our community’s agri-culture industry. In the last decade, Jacob and Joab have succeeded in managing their farm’s expansion, earning them an honor at this year’s event. What began as a small operation has grown into a large-scale farm that contains 16 chick-en houses and several acres for cattle. Annu-ally, the Bowen farm produces more than 22 million pounds of antibiotic-free chicken. Mr. Speaker, I commend the Bowen broth-ers for their diligence in a crucial yet often un-dervalued profession. Our communities de-pend on the food that Jacob, Joab, and many Northeast Georgia farmers produce, and I am grateful for their work. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE RONALD A. SARASIN 
HON. TOM COLE 
OF OKLAHOMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratu-late the Honorable Ronald A Sarasin on the occasion of his retirement as President and CEO of the U.S. Capitol Historical Society. Since January 3, 2000, Ron has directed the Society as it has communicated the rich herit-age of Congress and the U.S. Capitol to a wide, diverse audience. School children, scholars, historians, artists, people from all walks of life, and even Members of Congress have learned more about this great institution because of programs offered by the Society. Under Ron’s leadership, classroom pro-grams, symposia and lectures, awards and outreach, and recognition of the history of Congressional committees has flourished. The Society has brought elementary and sec-ondary students to the Capitol for tours and visits to our offices. It has sponsored symposia where scholars have shared their research and insights. It has taught about Constantino Brumidi and his beautiful artwork. At a recent Society event, guests were invited to climb the temporary stairs and walk on the scaffolding to view the restoration of the ceil-ing of the Brumidi Corridors at eye level. During Ron’s tenure, the Society has dedi-cated over $100,000 to fund fellowships for historians, political scientists, artists, and scholars of other disciplines. The Society even became a publisher, producing 12 books on Congress. Ron has been a great ambassador for Con-gress. He has led countless numbers of stu-dents, visiting dignitaries, business executives, international guests, and Society members on tours of this great building. As a former Rep-resentative from Connecticut, Ron knows our institution well and has been generous in shar-ing his insights. As Members of Congress, we too have been enriched by the Society. As guests to the annual presentation of the Freedom Award over the years we have met American icons such as filmmaker Ken Burns, historian David McCullough and writer, director and star of ‘‘Hamilton,’’ Lin-Manuel Miranda. We have been honored by Society dinners celebrating the history of the Congressional committees on which we serve. We have been feted at welcoming receptions for new Members of Congress and at thank you receptions for Members who retire. Ron’s outstanding leadership was recog-nized when the National Endowment for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K18AP8.012 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE501 April 18, 2018 
Humanities honored the U.S. Capitol Historical Society with its National Humanities Medal in 2004. Upon receiving the award from Presi-dent George W. Bush and First Lady Laura Bush, Ron noted, ‘‘There is so much more to be told about our nation’s history from inside this building (the Capitol) than simply the mak-ing of laws.’’ Indeed there is, and Ron Sarasin has excelled in telling the story of the Capitol and Congress for the past 18 years. I thank Ron, for his persistent advocacy of Congress and the Capitol. Congratulations on a job well done and best wishes as he turns his attention to other endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MALLORY MARGARET NESMITH 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate a young leader, Ms. Mallory Mar-garet Nesmith, for being accepted to the United States Air Force Academy. Academi-cally, she is outstanding by earning a high- weighted GPA of 4.122 while participating in challenging AP courses. She was selected as one of two ambassadors from a class of 82 students to be an AP Ambassador for the course Advanced Placement United States History, APUSH. Additional honors granted to Ms. Nesmith include English Student of the Year for two years, Student of the Quarter, Member of Mu Alpha Theta, and Junior Es-cort. Aside from her academics, she is a long- term leader of the Lego Club Library for the past seven years. She partakes in drama and band where she performed and earned awards at the state and national level. With her involvement as Vice President in the Dis-tributive Education Clubs of America, a high school leadership program, she received one district, two state, and one national award. These accomplishments are only a handful amongst her participation in additional extra curricular activities, academic clubs, and com-munity organizations. Growing up with a father in the Air Force, Ms. Nesmith understands the importance of comradeship amongst her fellow peers. Throughout her life, she has formed relation-ships with people that she now calls family. The ability to create lasting relationships with people of different backgrounds, and in new situations, displays a character worth having as a leader in the Air Force. With the extensive accomplishments Ms. Nesmith has thus far, I have confidence in her ability to achieve her goal to become valedic-torian at John F. Kennedy High School in Cedar Rapids, and in coming years, complete pilot training. She is a determined, confident, and sharp leader who will serve her country proudly. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROY QUAKENBUSH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Roy Quakenbush of Council Bluffs, Iowa for his 70 years of service as a barber in Council Bluffs and Omaha. Roy began his career on Feb-ruary 9, 1948. Roy said, ‘‘a lot has changed since I started barbering.’’ He said he can remember when a haircut cost a dollar and kids’ cuts cost fifty cents. At one time there were 65 barbers in Council Bluffs; today there are 10. Roy said, ‘‘I’m a barber, not a stylist.’’ At 88 years old, Roy still works two mornings a week cutting hair and has no plan to retire any time soon. Roy said barbering has provided him with a good living and his volunteer work cutting hair and shaving beards at Children’s Square USA and at the Hospice of Southwest Iowa has been a hallmark of his career. ‘‘Doing that helps those people feel good,’’ Roy said. Mr. Speaker, I commend Roy for his 70 years of dedicated and devoted service to his customers and friends of Council Bluffs and Omaha. Roy has made a difference by helping and serving others. It is with great honor that I recognize him today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in applauding his service and in wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 110TH BIRTH-DAY OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY RESERVE 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 110th birthday of the United States Army Reserve, which will be celebrated on April 23, 2018. What began in 1908 as a small corps of medical profes-sionals held in readiness for duty is today the Army’s global operational reserve force, and the most capable, combat-ready, and lethal Army Reserve the nation has ever known. Established by Congress in 1908 with just 160 doctors and nurses, a larger Organized Reserve was created under the National De-fense Act of 1916. A year later, when America entered World War I, more than 160,000 Re-servists were mobilized to help the Army de-feat Germany and the other Axis powers. By World War II, more than 200,000 Reservists had joined the fight, serving on every front. Through two world wars, the Cold War, Korea, Vietnam, the Persian Gulf War, the Global War on Terror, and countless other cri-ses, operations, and emergencies, America’s Army Reserve has never failed to meet the challenges of its time. The Army Reserve con-tinues to provide quick access to the mission- critical forces and capabilities the Army needs to initiate, sustain, and prevail in major oper-ations. Today our nation faces new threats from multiple sources that challenge U.S. military dominance across every domain. The Army Reserve is again rising to the challenge, cre-ating a ready force of units and individual sol-diers postured to move fast, engage quickly, and win decisively on the battlefields of today and tomorrow. I am proud of the Reservists of the 5th Congressional district of Washington state for serving with honor, distinction, and having the passion to protect our American freedoms. The world is constantly changing and the threats evolving, but the Army Reserve con-tinues to remain a dedicated component of the most decisive and lethal land force in the world. Our thanks and appreciation to all of these patriotic Americans, and Happy 110th Birth-day, U.S. Army Reserve. f 
MICHAEL MARTINEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Michael Mar-tinez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Michael Martinez is a student at Standley Lake High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Michael Martinez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mi-chael Martinez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, April 16, 2018 I missed the following votes due to weather delays and was not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 140, and YEA on Roll Call No. 141. 
f 
CELEBRATING CALVERT’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. BILL FLORES 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the one-hundred-and-fiftieth anniversary of the City of Calvert, Texas. It is an honor to represent Calvert and its residents in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. Calvert has supported thousands of families and businesses throughout the years, and I am proud to offer my congratulations on their sesquicentennial milestone. Located in Robertson County, Calvert was established along the Houston and Texas Central Railway which was built through the area in 1868. The town is named in honor of Robert Cal-vert, a farmer with large cotton and corn oper-ations, who advocated for the railroad to come through Robertson County. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.030 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE502 April 18, 2018 
Settlers moved into the area to be closer to the rail which brought the promise of com-merce and faster transportation of cotton from the farms along the Brazos River. The town began to grow as businesses were established along Main Street, which ran parallel to the railroad; allowing them to take advantage of easy loading and unloading. In the late 1800’s and early 1900’s Calvert was booming; it was a major cotton center, with a number of gins, cotton compresses and cottonseed oil mills. Unfortunately, floods, fires and a yellow fever epidemic, coupled with a drop in cotton prices reduced economic oppor-tunities and the town’s population. While the city’s population is smaller it has stood the test of time and the city has been resilient. Today the city is reinventing itself as a his-torically charming destination, as much of its Victorian Era architecture is well preserved, telling the stories of Texas Pioneers. The cur-rent residents of Calvert are a hardy people, who are justifiably proud of the city’s rich herit-age. Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemo-rating the City of Calvert and its proud resi-dents for their one-hundred-and-fiftieth anni-versary. In recognition of this occasion, I am pleased to fly a United States flag over the United States Capitol to honor Calvert’s sesqui-centennial anniversary. As I close, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
f 
IN CELEBRATION OF THE LATE FRED MARTIN’S LIFE OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the late Fred Martin for his life of distinguished public service. His efforts have forever changed Michigan and made it a more inclusive and prosperous state. A lifelong Michigan resident, Mr. Martin was passionate about serving others. He was a member of the United States Army from 1944 to 1946, serving during World War II in Europe and the South Pacific. He was honorably dis-charged with a Bronze Battle Star and re-turned home to Michigan to attend college. Mr. Martin received his Bachelor Degree in Liberal Arts Education as well as his Master’s Degree in Education in Administration in 1954. He then spent 27 years working for Detroit Public Schools in various positions including as a teacher, Assistant Principal, Executive Director of the Office of Personnel and Deputy Super-intendent. From there, he went on to serve the City of Detroit as Mayor Coleman Young’s Chief of Staff, a position that allowed him to work on policies that meaningfully impacted the city that he loved. As an African American leader, Mr. Martin worked to establish the Society of Black Edu-cational Administrators and served as the or-ganization’s first president. It was through his work there that he established tenets to eradi-cate racism from Detroit Public Schools and worked with state and local leaders to open lines of communication. Through his work as Mayor Young’s Chief of Staff, Mr. Martin in-creased the number of minority and female firefighters in the City of Detroit, vastly lowered the average response time of 911 emergency calls and coordinated food and shelter for De-troit’s homeless population during the cold winters. Mr. Fred Martin spent his whole life working to better the city of Detroit and suc-ceeded in changing public discourse and proc-esses. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of Fred Martin. By all ac-counts, he lived a deeply meaningful life and will be dearly missed. f 
TRIBUTE TO SHIRLEY AND GENE HOSFELT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Shirley and Gene Hosfelt of Massena, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anniversary. They celebrated their anniversary on February 10, 2018. Shirley and Gene’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 60th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
ATLANTA STUDENTS WINNING PRIZE IN C–SPAN VIDEO DOCU-MENTARY COMPETITION) 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today and congratulate Jessie Schulhof and Ava Stark, students from The Alfred and Adele Davis Academy Middle School in Atlanta, Georgia. Every year, C–SPAN holds a documentary contest for middle and high school students called StudentCam. This year, students were asked to choose a provision of the U.S. Con-stitution and create a video illustrating why it’s important to them. The documentary the stu-dents submitted was ‘‘Speaking Up to The Limits,’’ about the First Amendment. Young people have the power to influence change in the world we live in today. We can-not let age, race, or gender keep people si-lent. I gave my first sermon at age 16. I be-came friends with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. at age 18. The words and actions of Dr. King inspired me to become involved in the Civil Rights Movement. Today, I am proud that these young con-stituents from The Alfred and Adele Davis Academy Middle School were honored for their great and good work in this competition, which saw more than 3,000 entries. I am pleased to congratulate them on this impres-sive recognition. Every generation can leave behind a power-ful legacy. You cannot be afraid to speak up. You cannot be afraid to speak out, especially for what you believe, even at a young age. Therefore, I stand with you and provide strength for you, as you are the future of this beloved country. f 
KYLE McCLELLAND 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Kyle McClelland for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Kyle McClelland is a student at Sobesky Academy and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Kyle McClelland is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kyle McClelland for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. EVAN H. JENKINS 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 139; YEA on Roll Call No. 140; YEA on Roll Call No. 141; and YEA on Roll Call No. 142. 
f 
CONGRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. KEN BUCK 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize 2 high school students who were cho-sen by the National Academy of Future Physi-cians and Medical Scientists to represent the State of Colorado as Delegates at the Con-gress of Future Medical Leaders. These stu-dents are Jana Sherif and Meghan Wampler. The Congress is an honors-only program for top students in our country who aspire to be physicians or medical scientists. These stu-dents are nominated by their teachers or the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.034 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE503 April 18, 2018 
Academy based on their leadership ability, academic achievement, and dedication. This program is designed to inspire young people to go into medical research fields or be physi-cians, and provides a path, plan, and men-toring resources to help them reach their goal. During the Congress, the students will have the chance to learn from leaders in the med-ical field as well as government officials, top medical school deans, leaders from the private sector, and even Nobel laureates. These students’ acceptance to this pres-tigious program is an incredible feat, and it is my honor to rise today and recognize the out-standing accomplishment of this future leader. Our nation greatly benefits from the achieve-ments of physicians and medical scientists, and it is important that we continue to inspire younger generations to pursue careers in the medical field. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 4th Congres-sional District of Colorado, I extend my con-gratulations to these students and wish them the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JACK E. BROWN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Jack E. Brown. He was honored by the Midwest Partnership with the Guy Powell Award at their annual banquet on January 25, 2018. The Guy Powell Award was established in honor of the late Guy Powell, who served on the board and was an active volunteer in sev-eral community organizations. This award rec-ognizes excellence in leadership and passion for economic development in the Midwest Partnership region. Jack was awarded this dis-tinction for his selfless volunteering with many organizations and projects. He works with the Development Corporation of Greenfield, Greenfield Chamber/Main Street, Greenfield Lions Club and American Legion. Jack has been instrumental in helping to bring a number of business ventures to Greenfield. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Jack for receiving this outstanding award and for working hard to make his community a bet-ter place to live and work. I am proud to rep-resent him in the United States Congress and I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating Jack and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF EDWARD W. GOHRING 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in remembrance of Lieutenant Edward W. Gohring, USN Retired. Ed selflessly served the nation and Virginia’s First District for 40 years through the United States Navy. Ed began his career in service by enlisting in the United States Navy in 1976. He served aboard the USS Francis Hammond, in the STAR program for AEGIS, and was critical in the development of the Combat System Oper-ational Sequencing System. Ed served as lead instructor for the SPY–1 and AEGIS Weapon System courses before returning to Dahlgren to serve as an instructor for AEGIS Training and Readiness Center. After retiring from the Navy, Ed served as the Director of Special Projects and AEGIS Training and Readiness Center from 1998 to 2002. During this time, he focused on Ballistic Missile Defense and littoral air warfare capa-bilities. Ed was transferred to the Center for Surface Combat Systems and assumed the role of Functional Integration, responsible for training of personnel for effective employment of surface Navy combat capability at sea. He later assumed duties as the Executive Director responsible for 15 training sites and detach-ments both domestically and abroad. In recognition of his contribution to Navy, Ed was awarded the Navy Distinguished Civilian Service Award, the highest honor awarded by the Secretary of the Navy to a civilian em-ployee. Ed is survived by his wife, Doris; son, Michael; and numerous family and friends across the Navy. I am honored to have known Ed and serve as witness to the countless lives he touched through his selfless service and leadership. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF TIQUE LEE CAUL 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a longtime Antioch resident, Mrs. Tique Lee Caul. Tique majored in Business at Laney Col-lege. As a single mother, she would often take her children with her as she attended classes. She simultaneously worked a full-time job and was a Habitat for Humanity volunteer. Tique was a trailblazer and proud Antioch resident for 25 years and was a trailblazer. She was a woman who wore many hats. A dedicated Real Estate Agent for the past 18 years, Tique sat on multiple boards, and was passionately involved with several professional organizations including the National Associa-tion of Real Estate Brokers, Black Women Or-ganized for Political Action, and a past mem-ber of Kiwanis, and Toast Masters. A stalwart in the community, Tique was a member of the Central Committee of the Democratic Party of Contra Costa County, and a committed volunteer for several elected offi-cials. One of her most passionate volunteer roles was that of Leadership Coordinator (Coach) for Aiming High, Inc., where she en-joyed supporting others in their personal trans-formation and goal attainment. As the daugh-ter of a Navy veteran, she also volunteered for the Veterans’ Hospital. Tique was busy shining her light until the very end. She was a wonderful mother to her five daughters, (Ricklene, Bobbye, Roman, Miquel and Alexis) and son (Gerald Jr.), a bril-liant wife (Gerald Sr.), a doting grandmother, loving aunt, sister, cousin and a faithful friend. She will be sincerely missed by everyone who knew her. CELEBRATING THE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE CANNON FREE LIBRARY HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate the centennial anniver-sary of the Cannon Free Library in Delhi, New York. Libraries play an important role in our up-state communities, cultivating a love of learn-ing and reading, and fostering a profound sense of fellowship among residents. For 100 years, the Cannon Free Library has enriched the lives and minds of the citizens of Delhi by encouraging imagination and serving as a place of gathering. Through its many program offerings, youth services, and wide selection of books, the library is a cornerstone of the com-munity. On behalf of the 19th Congressional District and the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to extend my deepest appreciation and congratulations to the Cannon Free Li-brary. As the library celebrates its 100th birth-day, I would like to commend the staff, the Cannon Family, and the residents of Delhi on this achievement and wish them continued success in its next 100 years. 
f 
GRIFFIN McCONNELL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Griffin McCon-nell for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Griffin McConnell is a student at North Ar-vada Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Griffin McConnell is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Grif-fin McConnell for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING MULBERRY RIVER SOCIETY 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible work done by the Mulberry River Society to restore the High Bank and Indian Creek access points on the nationally-designated Wild and Scenic Mul-berry River. The river, which runs through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.039 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE504 April 18, 2018 
Fourth Congressional District’s northwest counties, is the result of collaborative efforts by the Mulberry River Society, U.S. Forest Service, Arkansas Game and Fish Commis-sion, and the Arkansas Canoe Club. The resulting restoration will allow the Mul-berry River to continue as a recreation spot for residents and visitors alike for decades to come. I congratulate the Mulberry River Soci-ety on its restoration and look forward to marking the occasion in person on Friday, April 20, 2018 at its 50th Anniversary Celebra-tion of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers Act on the banks of the Mulberry River. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOREN LONG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Loren Long. Loren was recently awarded the Green-field Lion of the Year Award. As a member of the Lion’s organization for many years, Loren has worked tirelessly be-hind the scenes. He has dedicated his time to ensuring the organizations success in his community, whether it was working cleanup after events or getting the word out about up-coming community events. Loren, along with his wife Mary, are also the owners of Long’s Market in Greenfield. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Loren for receiving this outstanding award and I am proud to represent him in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Loren and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
ISRAELI INDEPENDENCE IS 70 YEARS OLD 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week Israelis celebrate 70 years of independence and success against all odds. In Israel, inde-pendence day is celebrated the day after the entire country solemnly remembers its fallen soldiers and victims of terrorism. The mingling of memorial and celebration in Israel is rooted in the country’s history: from the very moment of its founding, Israel’s en-emies have tried time and again to wipe the Jewish state off the map. Israel was established in 1948 as a refuge for the Jewish people, after generations of op-pression in all corners of the earth. After over 2,000 years of exile, Holocaust survivors and persecuted Jews from Muslim lands miracu-lously returned to their ancient homeland to forge a new future together. These refugees went on to make the desert blossom and establish a prosperous, indus-trious, and free nation. Today, Israel stands as a stalwart American ally and an outpost of freedom and democracy in a region plagued with tyranny and fear. So today, we congratulate Israel for 70 years of defying the odds and tell the Israeli people: The United States will always stand by their side. And that’s just the way it is. f 
TRIBUTE TO ZELL MILLER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, given the recent passing of former Georgia Gov-ernor and United States Senator Zell Miller, I include in the R
ECORD reflections of my dear friend and mentor, former Congressman Jack T. Brinkley of Columbus, Georgia, entitled ‘‘The Influence of Peach Tarts.’’ Zell Miller, Jack Brinkley, and Guy Sharpe, distinguished men of great service and accomplishment, were Phi Chi Champion Debaters at Young Harris College. Their accomplishments bring to mind what the English poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow once wrote: ‘‘The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night.’’ 
THEINFLUENCE OF PEACH TARTS  ‘‘The faintest flutter of a butterfly’s wings may result in a hurricane one hundred years hence.’’—Unknown Behind our rural home in Bettstown, Geor-gia, we had a small barn-like structure which we called the corn crib. It had a fine tin top which got blazing hot in the summer time. Daddy stored wagon loads of his corn crop in the crib, and that is where a huge, or-ange colored rat snake lived and thrived. It looked after the rats nicely and would al-ways frighten us children when we played among the ears of corn. We had a peach tree nearby, and mother used to gather peaches and slice them for drying on top of the corn crib. She would place cloth beneath them and above them, and the preservation process didn’t take all that long. After they dried out she kept them in a flour sack in our shed room, and we would often eat some of them out there. Mother was ahead of her time, considering the dried fruit industry of today. Also, equally important in the process, she would make peach tarts, and they had a won-derful, tree ripened, robust taste. To eat one was to crave another one. Our family had little to offer at a Franklin Baptist Church social at Betts’ Mill pond one night, and mother decided to make a huge platter of peach tarts. Mr. Frank Betts was the taciturn owner and operator of the grist mill there and a man of few words. That night he smacked his lips and asked, ‘‘Who was it that brought the peach tarts!’’ Miss Ollie, his utterly remark-able wife, answered him, ‘‘Pauline, did.’’ The Pauline of whom she spoke was my mother Pauline Spearman Brinkley, and with the peach tarts she set in motion an in-credible and providential chain of events for me. My daddy left home, and my mother kept the family together, riding the school bus with us and working at the lunchroom. The community was there for us as well, and Frank Betts came to our rescue by loaning us a Milk Cow and calf for our use during those hard times. Mother showed me how to milk the cow, and it was as natural to me as breathing. On cold winter days I would rest my head on the warm flank of old Muley and milk with both hands with the pail between my knees. ‘‘If you done it,’’ said Dizzy Dean, the famous baseball player, ‘‘It ain’t braggin’’’! I did be-come very good at milking Upon graduation from high school the next year, my uncle Devon Brinkley, told me of a college where you could work a quarter and go to school a quarter. It was Young Harris College, where the outstanding Cathy Cox of Bainbridge would many years later become president, and the president at that time, Hon. Walter Downs, accepted my application to go. Mother polished my shoes and off I went without money but with determination. When I got to Young Harris, I lived in the dormitory with the other students and ate with them in the wonderful dining hall. And now, as Paul Harvey would say, for the rest of the story.—My work that first summer was at the college dairy, and provi-dentially I knew how to milk a cow, how to do the work and how to do it well. While at Young Harris I became of Phi Chi Champion Debater with Zell Miller and Guy Sharpe, and from there became a teacher, a USAF pilot during the Korean war, a lawyer, a United States Congressman and a trustee of the college. Like old Dizzy Dean said . . . Today there is a Pauline Spearman Brinkley Memorial Highway just up the road from where mother made the peach tarts which our beloved Frank Betts liked so well. Was that possibly in the back of his mind when he loaned us old Muley? Actually, he and Miss Ollie did that as the Christian friends which they were, but the peach tarts surely set the stage in a young boy’s mind. Never underestimate the power and influ-ence of peach tarts. f 
HONORING WAYS AND MEANS STAFF DIRECTOR DAVID STEWART 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize a good friend, a trusted pol-icy adviser and by every measure, one of the very best to ever serve the Ways and Means Committee and the House, Mr. David Stewart. David began his Congressional journey in 2000 when he came to intern for Ways and Means Committee Member Congressman Phil English. Over his career as a staffer, David became a trusted voice on policy for Speaker John Boehner, Speaker P
AULRYAN, and two and a half years ago to me when he joined the Ways and Means Committee as staff di-rector. This past year, with David’s steady leader-ship, and immutable resolve we were able to pass the first tax reform in a generation that’s boosted our economy and helped so many families. David’s focus has always been on making lives better for all Americans, and I stand here today to tell him job well done. David is a self-less public servant, who has sacrificed time away from his family—his wife Betsy and his daughters Grace and Poppy and has served his nation well. To say David works hard is an understate-ment. Once when he was asked how many hours he works per week, David replied simply with ‘‘a lot.’’ This also shows David’s witty and wry sense of humor that has always made busy days brighter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jul 20, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD18\APRIL\E18AP8.REC E18AP8abonner on DSKBCJ7HB2PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE505 April 18, 2018 
His dedication to mastering intricate policy is unmatched. I know I speak for all Members and staff when I say: Thank you, David for your service to the House and to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. He is going to be greatly missed around here. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELLIJAY’S RIVER STREET TAVERN 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the River Street Tav-ern in Ellijay, Georgia. After conducting a na-tionwide poll, the Brewer’s Association and Forbes Magazine recognized this local favorite as one of the best craft beer restaurants in the country. With Gilmer County roots that trace back multiple generations, Brad and Heather Sim-mons have always been active in their com-munity. Brad worked as a sergeant in the Gilmer County Fire Department, and Heather managed Jilly’s Pub, a role that inspired her to have a restaurant of her own. Years later, Brad and Heather bought Jilly’s Pub, which they turned into the River Street Tavern. Since 2014, the restaurant has proud-ly served up sips of North Georgia with its wide variety of locally brewed beer. Committed to welcoming each person who passes through their doors, the staff at River Street Tavern has turned many Northeast Georgians into regular guests. Whether they’re enjoying live music or trying to get a dollar to stick to the ceiling, people return to the res-taurant for good fare and good company. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the River Street Tavern on its well-deserved achievement. I wish Brad, Heather, and the rest of the team well as their business con-tinues to grow. 
f 
DAVE MURPHY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Dave Murphy for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Dave Murphy is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Dave Mur-phy is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dave Murphy for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. HONORING JOE ‘‘JOE Q’’ QUATTRONE HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of Joe Quattrone and his lifelong com-mitment to serving others. Mr. Quattrone was born in Reggio di Calabria, a town on the southern ‘‘toe’’ of Italy. He grew up the child of farmers, seeing the tyranny of Benito Mussolini firsthand. Just be-fore the outbreak of World War II, Joe’s eldest brother came to America, whom Joe would fol-low fifteen years later, settling in Steubenville, Ohio. Upon arrival, Joe began work in his broth-er’s restaurant. Shortly thereafter, he became a naturalized citizen, and served in the United States Air Force for one year, before returning to the family business. In 1960, Mr. Quattrone made a visit to Washington, D.C. He fell in love with the area, and moved here with his wife Rita. He continued working in the food in-dustry, this time for a friend, while picking up extra work in construction. After five years on the job, he suffered a fall resulting in an inabil-ity to continue physical labor. Still needing work, a friend suggested barber school, and the rest is history. After a brief time in a private shop, Mr. Quattrone landed a job in the Pentagon. He worked there for a couple of years before moving to Andrews Air Force Base. While on base, there came an opening in the barber shop in the House of Representatives. With the help of his Congressman from Ohio, the late Wayne Hays, Mr. Quattrone was hired and began his service to the men and women of the Capitol on March 2, 1970, and has re-mained ever since. In the 48 years Mr. Quattrone has served his country, longer than any current member of Congress, he has met and chatted with an entire generation of lawmakers. Frequent cli-ents over the years included President H. W. Bush, Vice President Gore, House Speaker Tip O’Neil, and Senator Ted Kennedy. He was especially close to then House Minority Lead-er, turned Vice President and President, Mr. Gerald Ford, cutting his hair just days before his assent to his final office, about which Joe would later remark, ‘‘He had no idea it was coming.’’ They remained lifelong friends, an admiration that was surely mutual. When Mr. Quattrone began his work, there were sixteen barbers employed in House of-fice buildings. Today, he is one of only three left, all of whom are now located in the Ray-burn Building. But given his status as an ‘‘in-stitution’’ in Congress, his clients aren’t ready to let him go just yet. Mr. Quattrone will tell you that the most important, and his favorite, part of the job has always stayed the same: he still gets to meet and talk with people every day. For many of us here, including myself, Joe Q. is family. His dedication to the people of New Jersey and our Capitol has impacted the lives of many, and serves as a role model for genera-tions of public servants. The job of a United States Congressman in-volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the achievements of dedicated men and women like Mr. Quattrone. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues, family, friends, all those whose lives he has touched, and me, in recognizing the work of Joe Quattrone and his dedication to keeping Washington looking sharp. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARILYN AND DONALD LITTLE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 18, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Marilyn and Donald Little of Winterset, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. Marilyn and Donald’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 65th anni-versary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 65 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 19, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 24 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Air Force in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SD–G50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A18AP8.048 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE506 April 18, 2018 
10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the state of rural America. SR–328A Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy and Ma-rine Corps. SD–192 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019 for the Forest Service. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Harry B. Harris, Jr., of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Common-wealth of Australia, Jonathan R. Cohen, of California, to be the Deputy Representative to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambas-sador, and the Deputy Representative in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during his ten-ure of service as Deputy Representa-tive to the United Nations, and Jackie Wolcott, of Virginia, to be Representa-tive to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be Representative to the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador, all of the De-partment of State. SD–419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 2680, to address the opioid crisis, S. 2315, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain non-prescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug applica-tion, S. 2597, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program of payments to children’s hos-pitals that operate graduate medical education programs, S. 382, to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary reg-istry to collect data on cancer inci-dence among firefighters, and the nominations of Sharon Fast Gustafson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term of four years, Jon Parrish Peede, of Mississippi, to be Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Humanities for a term of four years, and any pending nomina-tions. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine mitigating America’s cybersecurity risk. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the plight of international parental child abduction and its effect on American families. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural De-velopment, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Food and Drug Administration. SD–124 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the United States Agency for International Development. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security To hold hearings to examine maritime transportation, focusing on opportuni-ties and challenges. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine early im-pressions of the new tax law. SD–215 APRIL 25 9:45 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 2369, to authorize aboriginal subsistence whal-ing pursuant to the regulations of the International Whaling Commission, S. 2511, to require the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere to carry out a program on coordinating the assessment and acquisition by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration of unmanned maritime systems, to make available to the pub-lic data collected by the Administra-tion using such systems, an original bill entitled, ‘‘MARAD Reauthoriza-tion’’, and the nominations of Vice Ad-miral Karl L. Schultz, to be Admiral and to be Commandant, and Vice Ad-miral Charles W. Ray, to be Vice Com-mandant, both of the Coast Guard, De-partment of Homeland Security, Pat-rick Fuchs, of Wisconsin, and Michelle A. Schultz, of Pennsylvania, both to be a Member of the Surface Transpor-tation Board, Department of Transpor-tation, Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, to be a Federal Trade Com-missioner, Rubydee Calvert, of Wyo-ming, and Laura Gore Ross, of New York, both to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, and Alan E. Cobb, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority. SD–106 2 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-opment To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Justice. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard To hold hearings to examine enhancing the Marine Mammal Protection Act. SR–253 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine H.R. 597, to take lands in Sonoma County, Cali-fornia, into trust as part of the reserva-tion of the Lytton Rancheria of Cali-fornia, and H.R. 1491, to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians. SD–628 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Andrew S. Oldham, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Alan D. Albright, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Thomas S. Kleeh, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of West Virginia, Peter J. Phipps, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and Michael J. Truncale, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of Texas. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Ronny Lynn Jackson, of Texas, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. SD–G50 3 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Christopher Krebs, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for National Protection and Programs, Department of Homeland Security. SD–342 3:30 p.m. Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to markup S. Res. 355, improving procedures for the consider-ation of nominations in the Senate. SR–301 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine preparing small businesses for cybersecurity suc-cess. SR–428A APRIL 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the Depart-ment of Defense budget posture in re-view of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Fu-ture Years Defense Program. SH–216 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M18AP8.000 E18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D414 Wednesday, April 18, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2227–S2288 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and six reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 2692–2709, S. Res. 473–476, and S. Con. Res. 36–37. 
                                                                                    Pages S2261–62 
Measures Reported: S. 2113, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construction services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements. (S. Rept. No. 115–231) S. 2413, to provide for the appropriate use of bridge contracts in Federal procurement, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–232)
            Page S2261 
Measures Passed: Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act: By 51 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 76), Senate passed S. J. Res. 57, pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection relating to ‘‘Indirect Auto Lending and Compliance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act’’.
                Pages S2227–40 
International Women’s Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 426, supporting the goals of International Women’s Day.
                                                     Pages S2280–83 
Authorizing Senators to bring young children onto the Senate floor: Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration was discharged from further consider-ation of S. Res. 463, authorizing a Senator to bring a young son or daughter of the Senator onto the floor of the Senate during votes, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                   Page S2283 
Death of former Senator John Melcher: Senate agreed to S. Res. 474, relative to the death of the Honorable John Melcher, Senator from the State of Montana.
                                                                        Page S2283 
North American Aerospace Defense Command 60th Anniversary: Senate agreed to S. Res. 475, commemorating the 60th anniversary of the North American Aerospace Defense Command.       Page S2283 
National 9–1–1 Education Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 476, designating April 2018 as ‘‘National 9–1–1 Education Month’’.
                                    Page S2283 
House Messages: Amending the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act: By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 77), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the af-firmative, Senate rejected the motion to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quan-tification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, with McConnell Amendment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill).
                                            Pages S2240–41 
Senator McConnell entered a motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 2232 (to the amendment of the House to the bill). 
                                                                                            Page S2241 
Bridenstine Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 
                                                                                            Page S2241 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 50 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 78), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2241 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, April 19, 2018; and that all post-cloture time on the nomina-tion expire at 1:45 p.m., and Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination, with no intervening ac-tion or debate.
                                                             Page S2283 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D415 April 18, 2018 
By 55 yeas to 43 nays (Vote No. EX. 79), Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, De-partment of Education.
                                   Pages S2241–48 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2260 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2260 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2260–61 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2261 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2262–63 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2263–66 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2259–60 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S2279–80 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2280 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—79)
             Pages S2239–40, S2240–41, S2241, S2248 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned, as a further mark of respect to the mem-ory of the late Senator John Melcher, in accordance with S. Res. 474, at 7:35 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, April 19, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2283.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS AND THE BUREAU OF RECLAMATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation within the Depart-ment of the Interior, after receiving testimony from R.D. James, Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), and Lieutenant General Todd Semonite, Commanding General and Chief of Engineers, Army Corps of Engineers, both of the Department of De-fense; and Brenda Burman, Commissioner for the Bureau of Reclamation, and Timothy R. Petty, As-sistant Secretary for Water and Science, both of the Department of the Interior. APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, after receiving testimony from Ben Carson, Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-opment. ACCELERATING NEW TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities concluded a hearing to examine accelerating new technologies to meet emerging threats, after receiving testimony from Mi-chael D. Griffin, Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Airland concluded a hearing to examine Air Force mod-ernization in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch, Jr., USAF, Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, and Lieutenant Gen-eral Jerry D. Harris, Jr., USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements, and Brig-adier General Brian S. Robinson, USAF, Assistant Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations, both of the Head-quarters United States Air Force, all of the Depart-ment of Defense. ROBOCALLS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine abusive robocalls and how to stop them, after receiving testi-mony from Rosemary Harold, Chief, Enforcement Bureau, Federal Communications Commission; Lois Greisman, Associate Director, Marketing Practices Division, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Commission; Kevin Rupy, USTelecom, and Scott Delacourt, Wiley Rein LLP, on behalf of the U.S. Chamber Institute for Legal Reform, both of Washington, D.C.; Margot Freeman Saunders, Na-tional Consumer Law Center, Boston, Massachusetts; and Adrian Abramovich, Miami, Florida. OLYMPIC ABUSE Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security concluded a hearing to examine Olympic abuse, focusing on the role of na-tional governing bodies in protecting our athletes, after receiving testimony from Bridie Farrell, NY Loves Kids, Inc., Brooklyn, New York; Jordyn Wieber, Los Angeles, California; Jamie Dantzscher, Canyon County, California; and Craig Maurizi, Fair Lawn, New Jersey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD416 April 18, 2018 
PROTECTING GROUNDWATER Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the appro-priate role of states and the Federal government in protecting groundwater, after receiving testimony from Martha Clark Mettler, Indiana Department of Environmental Management, Indianapolis, on behalf of the Association of Clean Water Administrators; Amanda Waters, National Association of Clean Water Agencies, Washington, D.C.; Frank Holleman, Southern Environmental Law Center, Chapel Hill, North Carolina; Anthony Brown, aquilogic, Inc., Costa Mesa, California; and Joe Guild, Reno, Nevada, on behalf of the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association and the Public Lands Council. MARRAKESH TREATY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Marrakesh Treaty to Facili-tate Access to Published Works for Persons Who Are Blind, Visually Impaired, or Otherwise Print Disabled, done at Marrakesh on June 27, 2013 (Mar-rakesh Treaty) (Treaty Doc.114–06), after receiving testimony from Manisha Singh, Assistant Secretary of State, Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs; Scott C. Labarre, National Federation of the Blind, Baltimore, Maryland; and Allan Robert Adler, Asso-ciation of American Publishers, and Jonathan Band, Library Copyright Alliance, both of Washington, D.C. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of David Williams, of Illinois, Robert M. Duncan, of Kentucky, who was introduced by Senators McConnell and Paul, and Calvin R. Tucker, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Governor of the United States Postal Service, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine the 30th anniversary of tribal self-governance, focusing on successes in self- governance and an outlook for the next 30 years, after receiving testimony from Melanie Benjamin, Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe, Onamia, Minnesota; James R. Floyd, Muscogee (Creek) Nation, Okmulgee, Oklahoma; Carlos Hisa, Ysleta del Sur Pueblo, El Paso, Texas; and Arthur Blazer, Mescalero Apache Tribe, Mescalero, New Mexico. PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Patent and Trademark Of-fice, including S. 2559, to amend title 17, United States Code, to implement the Marrakesh Treaty, S. 1390, to strengthen the position of the United States as the world’s leading innovator by amending title 35, United States Code, to protect the property rights of the inventors that grow the country’s econ-omy, and S. 2601, to amend the Leahy-Smith Amer-ica Invents Act to extend the period during which the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office may set or adjust certain fees, after receiving testimony from Andrei Iancu, Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director, Patent and Trademark Office. IMMIGRATION COURT SYSTEM Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration concluded a hearing to ex-amine strengthening and reforming America’s immi-gration court system, after receiving testimony from Rebecca Gambler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice, Government Accountability Office; James R. McHenry III, Director, Executive Office for Immi-gration Review, Department of Justice; Hilarie Bass, American Bar Association, and Andrew R. Arthur, Center for Immigration Studies, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; and A. Ashley Tabaddor, National As-sociation of Immigration Judges, Los Angeles, Cali-fornia. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nominations of Paul R. Law-rence, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Benefits of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Joseph L. Falvey, Jr., of Michigan, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. EXPLOITATION OF OLDER AMERICANS Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a hearing to examine exploitation of older Americans by guardians and others they trust, after receiving testimony from David Slayton, Texas Judicial Coun-cil, Austin; Katherine A. Johnson, Westmoreland County Area Agency on Aging, Greensburg, Penn-sylvania; Nina A. Kohn, Syracuse University College of Law, Syracuse, New York; and Pamela B. Teaster, Virginia Tech Center for Gerontology, Blacksburg. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D417 April 18, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 32 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5545–5576; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 834–835 were introduced.
                 Pages H3440–42 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3443–45 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 4744, to impose additional sanctions with respect to serious human rights abuses of the Gov-ernment of Iran, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–642, Part 1); and H.R. 3144, to provide for operations of the Fed-eral Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–643, Part 1). 
                                                                                            Page H3440 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Weber (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3399 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:36 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3402 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:59 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H3428 
21st Century Internal Revenue Service Act: The House passed H.R. 5445, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the in-formation technology of the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, by a yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 145.
                                  Pages H3422–28, H3428–29 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H3422 
H. Res. 831, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5444) and (H.R. 5445) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 144, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 226 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 143.
                                                                Pages H3405–11 
Taxpayer First Act: The House passed H.R. 5444, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, by a yea-and-nay vote of 414 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 146.
          Pages H3411–22, H3429 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted.
                                            Page H3411 
H. Res. 831, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 5444) and (H.R. 5445) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 177 noes, Roll No. 144, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 226 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 143.                                                                Pages H3405–11 
Pursuant to section 3(a) of H. Res. 831, in the en-grossment of H.R. 5444 the Clerk shall: (1) await the disposition of H.R. 2901, H.R. 5437, H.R. 5438, H.R. 5439, H.R. 5440, H.R. 5443, H.R. 5445, and H.R. 5446; (2) add the respective texts of all bills specified in paragraph (1), as passed by the House, as new matter at the end of H.R. 5444; (3) conform the title of H.R. 5444 to reflect the ad-dition to the engrossment of the text of all the bills specified in paragraph (1) that have passed the House; (4) assign appropriate designations to provi-sions within the engrossment; and (5) conform cross- references and provisions for short titles within the engrossment. (b) Upon the addition to the engross-ment of H.R. 5444 of the text of the bills as speci-fied in subsection (a)(1) that have passed the House, such bills shall be laid on the table. Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, April 17th. Justice for Victims of IRS Scams and Identity Theft Act: H.R. 2905, H.R. 2905, amended, to re-quire the Attorney General to establish procedures for expedited review of the case of any person who unlawfully solicits personal information for purposes of committing identity theft, while purporting to be acting on behalf of the IRS, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 403 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 147; 
                                                                                    Pages H3429–30 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To re-quire the Attorney General and the Secretary of the Treasury to report to Congress on efforts to combat identity theft, including by persons purporting to be acting on behalf of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes.’’.
                                                 Page H3430 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, April 19th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 3 p.m. on Monday, April 23rd.
                   Page H3430 
Senate Referrals: S. 1281 was referred to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. S.J. Res. 57 was held at the desk.
                                                                   Page H3438 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H3411 and H3428. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD418 April 18, 2018 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H3410, H3410–11, H3428–29, H3429, and H3429–30. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:27 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2, the ‘‘Agriculture and Nutrition Act of 2018’’. H.R. 2 was ordered reported, as amended. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Thompson of Penn-sylvania. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testi-mony was heard from Representatives Lance, Griffith and Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico. MEMBER DAY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’. Testimony was heard from Rep-resentatives Correa, Espaillat, Graves of Louisiana, Jayapal, Kihuen, Kildee, Suozzi, and Visclosky. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES BIODEFENSE ACTIVITIES Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing entitled ‘‘Health and Human Services Biodefense Activities’’. Testimony was heard from Robert Kadlec, M.D., Assistant Sec-retary for Preparedness and Response, Department of Health and Human Services; Anthony S. Fauci, M.D., Director, National Institute of Allergy and Diseases, National Institutes of Health; and Stephen Redd, M.D., Director, Office of Public Health Pre-paredness and Response, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Department of Health and Human Services. APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Office of Management and Budget. Testimony was heard from Mick Mulvaney, Director, Office of Management and Budget. APPROPRIATIONS—CENSUS BUREAU Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Census Bureau. Testimony was heard from Ron Jarmin, Acting Director, U.S. Census Bureau, Department of Commerce; Robert Goldenkoff, Director of Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office; and David Powner, Director of Information Technology, Government Account-ability Office. APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a budget hear-ing on the Office of the Secretary of Agriculture, Department of Agriculture. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agriculture offi-cials: Sonny Perdue, Secretary; Seth Meyer, Chair-man, World Agricultural Outlook Board, Office of the Chief Economist; and Diem-Linh Jones, Acting Budget Officer. APPROPRIATIONS—JUDICIARY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a budget hearing on the Judiciary. Testimony was heard from John W. Lungstrum, Chair, Committee on the Budget of the Judicial Conference of the United States; and James C. Duff, Director, Administrative Office of the United States Courts. APPROPRIATIONS—OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch held a budget hearing on the Office of Compliance. Testimony was heard from Susan Grundmann, Executive Director, Office of Compli-ance. APPROPRIATIONS—CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-tive Branch held a budget hearing on the Congres-sional Budget Office. Testimony was heard from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D419 April 18, 2018 
OVERSIGHT AND REFORM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ‘4TH ESTATE’ Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight and Reform of the De-partment of Defense ‘4th Estate’ ’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. FISCAL YEAR 2019 ENERGY, INSTALLATIONS AND ENVIRONMENT BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2019 En-ergy, Installations and Environment Budget Re-quest’’. Testimony was heard from Phyllis L. Bayer, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Energy, Installa-tions and Environment, Department of the Navy; Jordan Gillis, Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army for Installations, Energy and Environment, Department of the Army; John W. Henderson, As-sistant Secretary of the Air Force for Installations, Environment and Energy, Department of the Air Force; and Lucian Niemeyer, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment, Department of Defense. GROUND FORCE MODERNIZATION BUDGET REQUEST FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Tac-tical Air and Land Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ground Force Modernization Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019’’. Testimony was heard from Lieu-tenant General John M. Murray, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–8, Office of the U.S. Army Deputy Chief of Staff; Lieutenant General Paul A. Ostrowski, Mili-tary Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Logistics and Technology), Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Acquisition, Lo-gistics and Technology); Brigadier General Joe Shrader, Commanding General, Marine Corps Sys-tems Command; and Lieutenant General Robert S. Walsh, Commanding General, Marine Corps Combat Development Command, and Deputy Commandant, Combat Development and Integration, Headquarters, U.S. Marine Corps. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a markup on H.R. 4606, the ‘‘Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act’’; H.R. 5174, the ‘‘Energy Emergency Leadership Act’’; H.R. 5175, the ‘‘Pipeline and LNG Facility Cyberse-curity Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 5239, the ‘‘Cyber Sense Act’’; and H.R. 5240, the ‘‘Enhancing Grid Security through Public-Private Partnerships Act’’. H.R. 5174, H.R. 5240, and H.R. 4606 were for-warded to the full Committee, without amendment. H.R. 5175 and H.R. 5239 were forwarded to the full Committee, as amended. U.S. POLICY TOWARD A TURBULENT MIDDLE EAST Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward a Turbulent Middle East’’. Testimony was heard from David M. Satterfield, Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs, Department of State; and A. Wess Mitchell, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Euro-pean and Eurasian Affairs, Department of State. THE DAYTON LEGACY AND THE FUTURE OF BOSNIA AND THE WESTERN BALKANS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Dayton Legacy and the Future of Bos-nia and the Western Balkans’’. Testimony was heard from Matthew Palmer, Acting Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, De-partment of State; and public witnesses. LIBYA FRACTURED: THE STRUGGLE FOR UNITY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Libya Fractured: The Struggle for Unity’’. Tes-timony was heard from Christopher Blanchard, Spe-cialist in Middle Eastern Affairs, Foreign Affairs, De-fense, and Trade Division, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; and public witnesses. FROM BOSTON TO AUSTIN: LESSONS LEARNED ON HOMELAND THREAT INFORMATION SHARING Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘From Boston to Austin: Lessons Learned on Homeland Threat Information Sharing’’. Testimony was heard from Brian Manley, Chief, Austin Police Department, Texas; William B. Evans, Commissioner, Boston Police Department, Massachu-setts; and a public witness. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 788, the ‘‘Target Practice and Marksmanship Training Support Act’’; H.R. 1026, the ‘‘North Country National Scenic Trail Route Adjustment Act’’; H.R. 1037, to authorize the Na-tional Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foun-dation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, and for other purposes; H.R. 2991, the ‘‘Susquehanna National Heritage Area Act’’; H.R. 3400, the ‘‘Recreation Not Red-Tape Act’’; H.R. 4069, to amend the Mi-gratory Bird Treaty Act to clarify the treatment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD420 April 18, 2018 
authentic Alaska Native articles of handicraft con-taining nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4645, the ‘‘East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act’’. H.R. 1026, H.R. 1037, H.R. 2991, and H.R. 3400 were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 788, H.R. 4069, and H.R. 4645 were ordered reported, without amendment. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing on H.R. 3846, the ‘‘Power Counties Act’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Johnson of Ohio; Mark Christensen, Commissioner, Campbell County, Gil-lette, Wyoming; Jeffrey Greenley, Superintendent, Switzerland of Ohio Local School District, Colum-bus, Ohio; and public witnesses. TOP MANAGEMENT AND PERFORMANCE CHALLENGES IDENTIFIED GOVERNMENT- WIDE BY THE INSPECTOR GENERAL COMMUNITY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Top Manage-ment and Performance Challenges Identified Govern-ment-wide by the Inspector General Community’’. Testimony was heard from Michael E. Horowitz, Chair, Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, Inspector General, Department of Justice; Allison Lerner, Vice Chair, Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency In-spector General, National Science Foundation; and Glenn Fine, Principal Deputy Inspector General, De-partment of Defense. GAME CHANGERS: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PART III, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND PUBLIC POLICY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Game Changers: Artificial Intelligence Part III, Artificial Intelligence and Public Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. COMPOSITE MATERIALS— STRENGTHENING INFRASTRUCTURE DEVELOPMENT Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Composite Materials—Strengthening Infrastructure Development’’. Testimony was heard from Joannie Chin, Deputy Director, Engineering Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology; and public witnesses. AN EXAMINATION OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION’S 7(A) LOANS TO POULTRY FARMERS Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of the Small Busi-ness Administration’s 7(a) Loans to Poultry Farm-ers’’. Testimony was heard from Hannibal Ware, Acting Inspector General, Small Business Adminis-tration; and William M. Manger, Associate Admin-istrator, Office of Capital Access, Small Business Ad-ministration. 
Joint Meetings 
MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION SYSTEM Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pen-sion Plans: Committee concluded a hearing to exam-ine the history and structure of the multiemployer pension system, after receiving testimony from Thomas A. Barthold, Chief of Staff, Joint Committee on Taxation; and Ted Goldman, American Academy of Actuaries, Washington, D.C. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine an intelligence program update and global threat assessment, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department of the Navy in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the semiannual testimony on the Federal Reserve’s supervision and regulation of the fi-nancial system, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an oversight hearing to examine energy-related challenges and opportunities in remote and rural areas of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine tack-ling opioid and substance use disorders in Medicare, Medicaid, and human services programs, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 994, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious af-filiation, S. 2644, to ensure independent investigations and judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and the nominations of John B. Nalbandian, of Ken-tucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kari A. Dooley, to be United States District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D421 April 18, 2018 Judge for the District of Connecticut, Dominic W. Lanza, to be United States District Judge for the District of Ari-zona, Michael Y. Scudder, of Illinois, and Amy J. St. Eve, of Illinois, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Charles J. Williams, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Iowa, and Joseph H. Hunt, of Maryland, to be an Assistant At-torney General, Steven L. Gladden, to be United States Marshal for the Middle District of North Carolina, Nicola T. Hanna, to be United States Attorney for the Central District of California, Brendan O. Heffner, to be United States Marshal for the Central District of Illinois, and Theodor G. Short, to be United States Marshal for the District of Maine, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Readi-ness, hearing entitled ‘‘Army Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request Readiness Posture’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Tax-Exempt Private Activity Bonds for All Aboard Florida’s Brightline Passenger Rail System’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD422 April 18, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, April 19 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, post-cloture, and vote on con-firmation of the nomination at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, April 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E504 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E494, E501 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E493 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E504 Buck, Ken, Colo., E496, E502 Cole, Tom, Okla., E500 Collins, Doug, Ga., E495, E500, E505 Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E494 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E498 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E497, E503 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E495, E502 Duffy, Sean, P., Wisc., E501 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E500 Faso, John J., N.Y., E496, E503 Flores, Bill, Tex., E501 Gabbard, Tulsi, Hawaii, E494 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E493, E495 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E500 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E499 Jenkins, Evan H., W.Va., E502 Jordan, Jim, Ohio, E494 King, Peter T., N.Y., E493 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E498 Lewis, John, Ga., E502 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E493 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E501 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E499 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E493 Olson, Pete, Tex., E495 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E505 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E494, E495, E496, E497, E498, E499, E501, E502, E503, E505 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E499 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E497 Poe, Ted, Tex., E504 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E496 Sires, Albio, N.J., E497 Smith, Adam, Wash., E498 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E498 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E496 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E495 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E503 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E503 Young, David, Iowa, E494, E496, E497, E498, E499, E501, E502, E503, E504, E505 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 19, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D18AP8.REC D18APPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST