Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5289 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 2018 No. 103 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the order of the House of January 8, 2018, the Chair will now recognize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 9:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
THE COST OF HEALTHCARE The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. M
AR-
SHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, it is great to see so many youth in the audi-ence today, and I look forward to shar-ing what I think is perhaps the biggest problem that is facing Americans right now, and that is the cost of healthcare. Not the cost of healthcare insurance, but truly the cost of healthcare itself. When I look at the problems facing this country, most of us are very con-cerned about our national debt of over $20 trillion. In fact, 28 percent of our Federal budget goes towards healthcare right now, and until we can start driving the true cost of healthcare down, we will never be able to fix this huge Federal debt. When I talk to small businesses across my district, their number one concern is the cost of healthcare. A sixth of their budget is going towards healthcare. Certainly, I believe that trans-parency, innovation, and consumerism are the basic principles to drive down the cost of healthcare, but I want to stop today and applaud what the Presi-dent and the Secretary of Labor did yesterday by opening up association plans. This is one small piece that will help drive down the cost of healthcare for folks who purchase healthcare as individuals or in small groups. This will start to break down the State walls which prevent competition and once again allow different groups— all my farmers could join together through their associations, or other small businesses would be able to group together and have better purchasing power. This is going to give 400,000 peo-ple more health insurance and quality health insurance with true access to healthcare. Now, on the House side, we passed H.R. 1101, and that bill basically codi-fies what the Secretary of Labor did yesterday. But like some 6,000 other bills, it has been sitting over in the Senate and, in this case, has been sit-ting in the Senate for over a year. We need leadership on both sides of the House to help drive down the cost of healthcare. 
f 
IMMIGRATION AND CHILDREN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). The Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Madam Speaker, as we stand here, a 5-year-old woke up in a cage. She committed no crime. She came here seeking hope and refuge. Instead, Madam Speaker, she was taken from her parents, from her both-ers and sisters, from all she knows and loves. She does not know where she is; she does not know where her family is; she does not speak the language of her captives; and she may never see her family again. This morning, Madam Speaker, that innocent little child is crying in a cage, and we stand here doing nothing as in-nocent little babies sit in modern-day camps. That is not right; it is not fair; and it is not just. And, Madam Speaker, his-tory will not be kind to us if we con-tinue to pass this unbelievable injus-tice on to our children. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Madam Speaker, there is only one word that goes through my mind when I think about what this White House is doing to chil-dren right now. It’s ‘‘shame.’’ Shame on them. For years, we saw Republicans try to attack Democrats for having the gall to give millions of Americans healthcare or to address global warm-ing. Your leaders stood up on this floor and said shame on us. Shame on you for letting this hap-pen, for being willing to let kids be kept in warehouses because you can’t stand up to this President. These are children, children who de-serve the love of a mother and a father, not cages and concrete floors. These are children, babies in some cases. They need someone to comfort them when they can’t sleep, to cool their food when it is too hot, to give them those basics of love and kindness that these children need. What they don’t need is to be used as hostages for President Trump to get his anti-immigrant wish list and a wall. They don’t need to be demonized when their families are seeking refuge. If President Trump and the Repub-licans don’t think these families de-serve asylum or protection, if they don’t think these people deserve a chance of a life of safety, they are wrong. But these are matters that we can debate. But you mean to tell me you don’t think these children deserve the love of their mother and the comfort of their father? You mean to tell me that the Bible puts law above keeping families together? Absolutely not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.000 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5290 June 20, 2018 
Shame on this White House and on everyone who stands with them. Shame on our country if we let this continue. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Madam Speaker, this is what it has come to. We stand here in the well of the House appealing to—in a sense, begging—the President to acknowledge the undeniable truth, the undeniable truth that this is a crisis that he can end with the stroke of a pen. This is a crisis that he has created, and it is a crisis that he can eliminate. The undeniable truth is that, if a President can see these babies crying and pleading for their parents— momma, father, papa—if the President can see this and not take action, his heart has hardened to the extent that he is unfit to be President. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Madam Speaker, our Nation is mourning. Our Nation is crying out to save our little children, save our babies. History will not be kind to us as a nation and as a people if we continue to go down this road. We must stop the madness, and stop it now. There was a man by the name of A. Philip Randolph, who was the dean of Black leadership during the sixties when we were planning the March on Washington. He kept saying: ‘‘Maybe our foremothers and our forefathers all came to this great land in different ships, but we’re all in the same boat now.’’ Our little children, our babies, our young people, are crying out for help. We need help from Members of Con-gress. We can do better. 
f 
ARTISTS ADVOCATING FOR ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accom-plishments of several young people in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who are advocating for environmental protec-tion using their artistic talents. Recently, the Countryside Gallery in Newtown featured an exhibit, titled, ‘‘One Planet: Wildlife Vulnerable to Climate Change.’’ This exhibit gave students, under the guidance of artist Bonnie Porter, the ability to share their wildlife paintings in an effort to spread awareness of the threat of cli-mate change. I am proud to recognize them now: Amelia Binkley, Bella Cacciatore, Allison Cirillo, Victoria Cirillo, Taylor Dahms, Amanda Gardner, Olivia Kelly, Brady Klein, Addison Kohler, Emily LaPlante, Kate Logan, Jessica Martin, Nicole Mercora, Grace Porter, Olivia Ralston, Nolan Riesenberger, Chris Riether, Violet Schroeher, Gabi Smith, Abby Steadman, Erin Stone, Katie Sukunda, Ella Walsh, and Anna Williamson. Madam Speaker, I applaud the activ-ism, thoughtfulness, and impressive ar-tistic abilities of these young citizens. I am proud to stand with them and will continue to fight with my colleagues to combat climate change and protect our environment. RECOGNIZING BUCKS COUNTY OUTSTANDING LAW  
ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition of two out-standing law enforcement officials in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who are working tirelessly to make our com-munity a safer place. Assistant Dis-trict Attorney Megan Brooks and Dep-uty District Attorney Kristen McElroy were selected by fellow prosecutors in honor of their public service in pursuit of justice. Megan received the Danny E. Khalouf Memorial Award for Outstanding Per-formance. Described as a rising star, Megan works for the Youthful Offender program and the Special Victims Unit. Kristen received the Robert Rosner Memorial Award for Exceptional Serv-ice, Professionalism and Integrity. Known for her unparalleled work ethic, Kristen is the chief of the Special Vic-tims Unit for adult sex crimes and di-rects the internship program. I commend these fine public servants for their dedication to law, to safety, and to protecting our community. I applaud District Attorney Matt Weintraub for leading such a fine team of attorneys that work tirelessly on be-half of all of us in Bucks County. 
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS  
MONTH  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, June is Post-Traumatic Stress Dis-order Awareness Month, and I would like to take this time to recognize an organization in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, that works to rehabilitate he-roes who struggle with this illness. Since 2014, Shamrock Reins in Pipersville has offered equine therapy to help veterans and first responders recover from PTSD. Founded by Janet Brennan, a reg-istered nurse whose father served in the Vietnam war, Shamrock Reins uses a range of equine services, including riding therapy, to help assimilate our servicemen and -women back into soci-ety following their tours of duty. As a member of the Homeland Secu-rity Committee, I am continually in awe of the sacrifices that our soldiers and our first responders make every day. I applaud Janet for her service to our Nation’s heroes, and I encourage all of our constituents to follow her lead. Together, we can defeat PTSD. 
f 
IMMIGRATION AND CHILDREN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Madam Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart. As a fa-ther, as a grandfather, as a human being who cares about children, I ask: For God’s sake, America, what is hap-pening to your soul? There are 11,000 children who are being held in jail cells throughout the country. Families arriving at the bor-der seeking asylum voluntarily, seek-ing refuge voluntarily, are being de-tained, and they are being held in jail. Children as young as the children here today—as young as the children here today—are being held in jail. Babies are being separated from their moth-ers, even while breastfeeding them. This constitutes child abuse. Madam Speaker, show some basic compassion for these young children, their brothers and sisters and their parents. Every single Member of Con-gress should be able to stand behind the simple idea that families, regard-less of where they are born, belong to-gether. I know that Jesus of Nazareth was a refugee, and he paid the ultimate price. Madam Speaker, this is a historic fight for the soul of our Nation, wheth-er we remain a nation of aspirations or we become a nation of deportation. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE). b0915 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, you can hear the babies crying. When I went to the south Texas processing center, places where they were holding children, you could see the cages. You could hear and feel the warmth of Roger that was 9 months old who I held in my hands and who I did not want to let go. I could feel that because Roger’s relatives had been taken from him, and he was crying. The babies are coming every day. There are 2,000 children who have been snatched from their families. It is child abuse. Mr. President, you can come to the Republican Conference and make jokes and raise your fist, but you can sign right now on behalf of the American people that you will let these babies go to their families. Pope Francis said: ‘‘A person’s dig-nity does not depend on them being a citizen, a migrant, or a refugee. Saving the life of someone fleeing war and poverty is an act of humanity.’’ This is a sin. Please, for Carlos and Alajerry, please let our children go to their families. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ). Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Madam Speaker, look at these young, innocent faces. I suspect many of these children are see-ing the House floor for the very first time. It is unfortunate that their first ex-perience in this temple of democracy, the people’s House, is to be here as we call our government to stop terrorizing children on the U.S.-Mexico border. This past weekend, Madam Speaker, I traveled with Leader P
ELOSI and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.002 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5291 June 20, 2018 
chair of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus. What we saw there was heart- wrenching. We have heard the audio of children crying: ‘‘Mami, papi.’’ Madam Speaker, it begs the question: Has our Nation lost its way? But noth-ing is as heart-wrenching as seeing children’s faces in person, kids who were just taken from the arms of their parents, and children in cages crying for their parents. This is child abuse. Let’s be clear, Madam Speaker, this travesty could end today. Donald Trump could end this today by a single phone call. To my Republican friends on the other side of the aisle, I simply say this: What happened to the party of family values? History will remember this moment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all Members to re-frain from references to guests on the floor, and Members are reminded to di-rect their remarks to the Chair. 
f 
NATION’S MORAL TRADITIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Speaker, it is difficult to find words after what has unfolded before our eyes and the eyes of the American people these last few days, and it has gotten worse the last few days. So today, I rise in defense of children on this House floor to demand of this House and, more importantly, the Trump administration to end this cruel exploitation of children by separating them from their families, by tearing children from their moms, and what appears to be, no doubt, a very craven political tactic by President Trump to try to hold hostage children to get other draconian items done on his im-migration bill. This tactic is fueled by some very ugly things that the American people have to reject. It is fueled by bigotry. It is fueled by hatred. It is fueled by fearmongering and is now being fueled by the endangerment of children. As a father, as a grandpa, I cannot believe how we are debasing our Na-tion’s moral traditions, how we are re-placing our sacred values with auto-cratic comments and rhetoric from the President. Mr. President, no more lies, no more child hostages. End this now. You can, and for our Nation’s sake and for the children’s sake, this needs to be done. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
OMEZ ), my friend. Mr. GOMEZ. Madam Speaker, it is obvious that the administration doesn’t care about the welfare of immi-grant children being separated from their parents, but they should at least care about what kind of long-term im-pact they will have on all children, those currently living in the United States, documented or not, U.S. citi-zens or not. We act like kids, all kids, don’t know what is going on, but they do. They might not watch CNN, MSNBC, or FOX, but they talk to their classmates, siblings, teachers, and caregivers. They are hearing that kids are being torn away from their parents. We have to ask ourselves: What are they thinking? What goes through their minds? Are the young ones thinking that they can be next? I am not exaggerating because short-ly after the election of Donald Trump, my nephew cried because he thought if my sister left the country—because she is a resident and not a U.S. citizen— that she would not be able to return. So we know that these kids are paying attention. Yes, we might not know for certain what they are all thinking, but what we do know is that this policy must end now. This must stop for the immigrant children and for all our children so that they feel secure and safe where it is natural, where they feel loved, and that is with their parents. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), my good friend. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Madam Speaker, what do you call a country that insti-tutionalizes child abuse? Tragically, today you call that country the United States of America. We have heard the children scream-ing. We have seen the images of chil-dren being told to go to sleep in cages. We know that children have been ripped from the breasts of nursing mothers and taken away, maybe never to be found to be reunited again. As a mother, as a grandmother, I can’t stand it. Madam Speaker, can you stand it? Can this country stand it? What happens to the soul of Amer-ica when we do this to children? These parents have come with their children, fleeing violence; thinking they are coming to the land of the free, the home of the brave; thinking that they are going to be able to get asylum here in the United States of America or at least a chance to get asylum here and to be safe, finally, with their chil-dren. Instead, they are put in jail. They are put in prison. I am here today with Bruce and Felix, children whose parents are in the gallery. They will go home tonight and sleep in a comfortable bed while thousands of children are put to sleep in cages. I say to you, Mr. President: You can end this. This is your decision. Please, for the sake of our country, for the sake of the children, for the sake of families, end this now. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to the President. FAMILY SEPARATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDY CHU) for 5 min-utes. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam Speaker, today, I brought with me two young people: Alcides Guandique, age 11, and Jose Guandique, age 13. When I look at them, I think of 2 days ago when I visited the Trump de-tention center at the southern border in San Diego with Members and Leader P
ELOSI . There we saw children torn from the arms of their parents under Trump’s zero-tolerance policy. We talked to the kids. We talked to the mental health counselors who told us that children are traumatized. Most of them have come here with their parents because they were threat-ened with murder and rape by gangs in Central America and Mexico. But be-cause of Trump’s policy of separation, these children have lost the one con-stant person in their lives. As a psychologist, I took note when the president of the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics visited detained kids. She said that, normally, kids like this are rambunctious and running around. But these kids are either screaming or crying or permanently quiet, and, in fact, that kind of toxic stress can permanently affect their brains. There is only one way to describe it: government-sanctioned child abuse. President Trump must own up to the policy that is his and his only. He has the power to stop this terrible cruelty. Instead, he is using these kids as a bar-gaining chip for $25 billion for a border wall. It is time for him to stop. Stop ripping children from the arms of their parents. America is better than this. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding time, because I was compelled to come to the floor this morning to protest this cruel Trump GOP policy of family separation. This is a new policy. Under past Presidents, when people come to this country legally asking for asylum because they are fleeing vio-lence, domestic violence and gang vio-lence in other countries, it is legal to request asylum in the United States of America. But under this new Trump policy that is so cruel and so horrible, he is trying to send a message to the world that this is an anti-immigrant country. We are not. He is trying to send a message to this world that chil-dren can be used for pawns. We are not going to let that happen. President Trump and the GOP now want to use children as bargaining chips to try to exact concessions from Democrats on a very anti-immigrant, very cruel, very wasteful policy, and we need people across America to stand up and speak out. The calls to my office are over-whelming. People think this family 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.004 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5292 June 20, 2018 
separation policy that rips children away from their families is horrible and cruel, and it is. And we need you to keep the calls coming. We are not going to let this happen. We are not going to let children con-tinue to be ripped away from their fam-ilies, but we need backup. We are here to say we stand with the families. We love these children. Ev-eryone should love these children, and we are not going to put up with Trump’s anti-immigrant, hateful pol-icy any longer. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I spent the day before Father’s Day at the Federal prison in Oregon, meet-ing the 123 asylum-seeking immigrant men who are incarcerated in prison. They were fleeing horrific violence and religious persecution. They were Chris-tian and Sikh men from India. There was an LGBTQ man from Honduras and a man from Mexico whose property was burned because he has been targeted by gangs. We spoke with men who were separated from their wives and chil-dren and who, on Father’s Day, had no idea where they were or how they were. Criminalizing asylum seekers and separating families is cruel, and it is appalling. Now we find out that there are ten-der-age shelters. Babies don’t need their own jail. They need their own parents. This must stop. The President and the Department of Justice could stop it right now. The American Academy of Pediatrics said that separating families in this way causes irreparable harm. Mis-treating children for political leverage is outside of moral bounds, even for this administration. As a mother, it breaks my heart. As an American and granddaughter of im-migrants, it makes me furious. And if the President won’t sign some-thing today, which he could, then, Speaker R
YAN, bring us the Keeping Families Together Act, and let us do something to stop this horrific atrocity that is happening to children and to people who are coming to this country. 
f 
FAMILIES HAVE A RIGHT TO PETITION FOR ASYLUM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Madam Speaker, this past week, my colleagues and I traveled to different parts of the border to see firsthand how children, mothers, and fathers are being terrorized by the most anti-immigrant, xenophobic, and racist administration of my lifetime. We did this because we cannot stand by, cannot stand idly by, and watch the most powerful country in the world tearing children from their mothers and their fathers at their most vulner-able and desperate moments. The sto-ries of babies and toddlers being torn from the arms of their mothers and fa-thers, the heartbreaking audio of chil-dren crying and screaming for their parents, the account of a distraught fa-ther taking his own life after his own child was wrestled from his arms, and of a mother who was deported before she could recover her son from deten-tion, these are the atrocities per-petrated by President Trump, and they must stop. b0930 Families fleeing violence deserve and have a right to petition their claim for asylum, for that is the law of the land. I am here with two children today to call on this administration to stop this cruel, inhumane practice that betrays who we are as a country. The President could make the deci-sion to end this practice right now and do the right thing. Failing that, Con-gress must act. Madam Speaker, I yield to my distin-guished colleague from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, 10 days ago, I visited a Federal prison south of Seattle that holds 174 women. I met with all of those women. They are seeking asylum. One woman had three children. The first child was shot and murdered by gangs. The second child was shot and paralyzed by gangs, and the third child was the child she tried to bring here to safety. These are the stories of the people who are coming across the border. All of the mothers and the 174 people who were at the Federal prison had not even been able to say good-bye to their children. They did not know where their children were. They had been sub-jected to the worst conditions at the border. Madam Speaker, what is this country coming to? This is a country that should value our children, that should value the rights of our children; and these children are sitting in cages on the border in tent cities. This President created this crisis, and this President can stop this crisis right now with a phone call. Do not tell us it is about Congress. It is about the President of the United States who has chosen to take this democracy to its very bottom. This is the bottom. This is abuse. It is a human rights violation, and we must end it. He must end it. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Madam Speaker, I want to thank all of my colleagues from all over the United States. I would like to ask them all to please step forward and bring your guests. Every Member of Congress is allowed two children under the age of 12. Please bring them forward with you. I think more powerful than anything I could say is to stand with children. Please. Please. We only have 5 minutes, but let’s take the minutes so the chil-dren can step forward. Please bring them forward. All of the Members of Congress, you are all allowed under our rules to have two children. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would advise Members to not traffic the well while another Member is under recognition. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Madam Speaker, under the protection of Members of the U.S. House of Representatives, we are here with the children because we be-lieve that this is what is important. I want to thank all of my colleagues, I know that the rules do not allow all of you to speak. But I think you speak with your presence here and with these children in your arms. I want to tell you something. I know this is a tragic moment, but this week-end, I couldn’t have felt prouder to be an American. I couldn’t have felt prouder about just what our exceptionalism is. I saw Americans everywhere across this country standing up for children, standing up for those who are in need, and standing up for moms and dads who are being separated. Let’s celebrate, too, that America sees this injustice, sees this cruelty, sees this evil, and did not remain si-lent. That is the America that I am so happy I was born into. We have a great country. Let’s re-member that. So let’s keep the fight. Let’s keep the fight for these children who are here. They are so beautiful. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from New Mexico’s time has expired. The gentleman from Illinois is not recognized. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will reiterate an announcement by the Chair on July 7, 2016: An exhi-bition involving Members trafficking the well is a breach of decorum. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 10 a.m. today. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 34 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1000 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
EBER of Texas) at 10 a.m. 
f 
PRAYER Rabbi Mark Schiftan, The Temple: Congregation Ohabai Sholom, Nash-ville, Tennessee, offered the following prayer: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.005 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5293 June 20, 2018 
God bless this land and all its inhab-itants, this land built on foundations we may call our own, pledged to law and freedom, to equality and harmony, haven for the huddled masses yearning to breathe free. We and you who lead us are a nation of immigrants. Each of us, all of us, are here because of the individually and mutually inspired hopes and dreams of those who came before us, those who often fled persecution to find safe haven on this Nation’s shores for them and for future generations that follow them, including each and every one of us. More than any other instruction in the Bible is the sacred reminder to em-brace the stranger, to love the new-comer as much or even more than the native born. May we, may you who lead us, do just that. Help us, O God, to fulfill the promise of America. May we and you who lead us be true to this land and its tradi-tions. Renew in all of us a zeal for jus-tice, tempered always with mercy. Awaken within us compassion so we may enter upon the future with re-stored vision and dedicated afresh to a proud destiny for all. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING RABBI MARK SCHIFTAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. C
OOPER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, the open-ing prayer today was given by Rabbi Mark Schiftan of Nashville, the senior rabbi of the oldest and largest Jewish congregation in middle Tennessee. The congregation dates back to 1851, when the Vine Street Temple began worship services in downtown Nashville, even before the Civil War. Rabbi Schiftan has led today’s tem-ple, Congregation Ohabai Sholom, for nearly 20 years and is well known and beloved in our community. His family escaped the Holocaust from Vienna, Austria, fleeing first to Shanghai, China, and then to San Francisco. Rabbi Schiftan was educated at San Francisco State University, the He-brew Union of Los Angeles, and then was ordained at the Hebrew Union of Cincinnati. Under Rabbi Schiftan’s leadership, the temple has been the indispensable religious and cultural institution for all of middle Tennessee. I would like to personally thank the rabbi for his strong leadership in our community, for our personal friend-ship, and for opening the House with prayer today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
ADDRESSING THE ROHINGYA HUMAN RIGHTS CRISIS (Mr. HULTGREN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise on World Refugee Day to draw atten-tion to the plight of the Rohingya peo-ple in Myanmar. Since October 2016, the Burmese mili-tary has targeted the Rohingya people with what the State Department has described as ethnic cleansing. Through interviews in refugee camps and other fact-finding missions, the U.N. Office of High Commissioner for Human Rights and multiple NGOs have documented a systematic campaign of mass rape, extrajudicial killings of young babies and children, brutal beatings, burning of entire villages, and other serious human rights violations. Mr. Speaker, 7,000 Rohingya were killed in the first month of the vio-lence, while an estimated 700,000 have fled to Bangladesh. At the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission, we have worked to bring attention to the sick-ening discrimination and mistreatment of the Rohingya. The oncoming monsoon season in Bangladesh will cause more difficulties for the Rohingya refugees. Congress must hold the Burmese military ac-countable for their actions and provide the necessary aid needed to meet this crisis. f 
FAMILY SEPARATION (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration’s abhorrent im-migration policy that is tearing fami-lies apart and separating children from their parents is a shameful betrayal of our values. It needs to end imme-diately. Americans of all political stripes are contacting our office, heartbroken and outraged by the images and stories of the treatment of these vulnerable young people by our Nation. The President and his Attorney Gen-eral have created this crisis. The Presi-dent has the power to immediately stop this cruelty, but so far, Mr. Speaker, he refuses to do so. That is why today I am proud to join more than 190 colleagues introducing legisla-tion to stop this inhumane treatment of children at our border. The Keep Families Together Act pro-hibits the Department of Homeland Se-curity from separating children from their parents, except in extraordinary circumstances. The bill also limits criminal prosecution of asylum seekers fleeing persecution, increases child welfare training, and creates a policy preference for family reunification. I urge my fellow Members of Con-gress to join us on this bill. Let’s fix this stain on the character of our Na-tion and swiftly end this policy. 
f 
HONORING TOM NEUBAUER (Mr. DUNN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Tom Neubauer, the recipient of the 2018 Defense Community Leader-ship Award. Tom is a highly respected leader of the defense community in Florida and a personal friend of mine back in Bay County, which is my home. Tom has been the leading communi-cator between our military and civilian communities for as long as I can re-member. He was instrumental in bring-ing the MQ–9 Reaper Wing to Tyndall Air Force Base and worked tirelessly to support and protect the Military Mission Line. Both Tom and his wife, Margaret, are Air Force brats. Their love for our sol-diers, sailors, and airmen shines through in all that they do. Tom has been building better relations and a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5294 June 20, 2018 
tighter sense of community between military and civilian communities not only in Bay County, but throughout Florida and the Nation. Mr. Speaker, please join me in con-gratulating Tom Neubauer on receiving this prestigious award and thanking him for his work for military commu-nities throughout this country. 
f 
KEEP FAMILIES TOGETHER (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, as I speak, the Trump Republicans wrestle another child from the arms of a refugee parent at our southern bor-der, but I still rise today to honor World Refugee Day. Every year, thousands of refugees journey to the United States of Amer-ica in search of safety, be it from human rights violations, warfare, nat-ural disasters, or the war on drugs. We pride ourselves on being a nation of immigrants. I am proud that Clarkston, Georgia, known as the Ellis Island of the South, is in my district. But Trump Republicans have lain waste to our custom of welcoming asy-lum seekers as they commit the inhu-mane practice of separating children from their parents at the border. America is weakened in the eyes of the world, and separating families is our national shame. That is why I am a proud cosponsor of the Keep Families Together Act. Congress must act now on this important legislation. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MICKI ELLIOTT TUCKER ON HER RETIREMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Ms. Micki Elliott Tucker on her retirement. She is the nursing home administrator at Sweden Valley Manor in Coudersport, Pennsylvania. Micki has been a dedicated leader, and she is well loved by the residents and staff alike. She has been instru-mental in the development of the Charles Cole Transitions of Care Com-mittee in Potter, McKean, and Cam-eron Counties. Micki was the liaison between the transitional care team and the implementation of the PenTec LPN Clinical Program at Sweden Valley Manor. The nursing home also received nu-merous awards over the years with Micki at the helm. In 2014, the Amer-ican Health Association awarded Swe-den Valley with a National Bronze Commitment of Quality award. In 2008, Sweden Valley Manor was named Coudersport Business of the Year. In 1994, it received the Outstanding Em-ployer award from the Pennsylvania Department of Labor. Mr. Speaker, these are just some of the highlights of a long-spent career caring for others. To say she will be missed is an understatement. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly wish Micki Elliott Tucker the best in her well-deserved retirement. f 
KEEP FAMILIES TOGETHER (Mr. RYAN of Ohio asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I think about my wife, Andrea, and I when we go to take a couple days away from the kids and we leave our 4-year- old with his grandparents, how heart-breaking it is to even leave that kid when you are leaving him with grand-parents. I think about my great-grandparents, who came here from Italy as immi-grants. I think about the 13 years of Catholic school that I attended. I think about the conversations in Wash-ington, D.C., about family values. And then I think about how, in the most powerful country in the world, our governmental policy is to strip kids—babies, toddlers, infants—from their parents. The most powerful coun-try in the world has resorted to this nonsense. This is a joke. It is by choice, Mr. Speaker. This is a choice that the most powerful men in the most powerful country are choos-ing to take poor kids away from their parents. It is time for this most powerful President to act immediately and stop the American carnage. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 20, 2018, at 9:37 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 2269. Appointment: United States Capitol Preservation Com-mission. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. b1015 PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6, SUBSTANCE USE-DIS-ORDER PREVENTION THAT PRO-MOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREATMENT FOR PATIENTS AND COMMUNITIES ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5797, INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DESERVE CARE THAT IS APPRO-PRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS EXECUTION ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6082, OVERDOSE PREVEN-TION AND PATIENT SAFETY ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 949 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 949 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use disorder prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115-76, modified by Rules Com-mittee Print 115-78 and the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order ex-cept those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such further amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and any further amendment there-to to final passage without intervening mo-tion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.010 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5295 June 20, 2018 
States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill, modi-fied by the amendment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No fur-ther amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part D of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such further amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such fur-ther amendments are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and any further amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-75 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 4. In the engrossment of H.R. 6, the Clerk shall— (a) add the respective texts of H.R. 2851, H.R. 5735, and H.R. 5797, as passed by the House, as new matter at the end of H.R. 6; (b) assign appropriate designations to pro-visions within the engrossment; and (c) conform cross-references and provisions for short titles within the engrossment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 949 provides for the consid-eration of three important bills aimed at curbing the deadly opioid epidemic plaguing this country and providing Americans with the tools to overcome their addictions: H.R. 6, the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Pro-motes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act, or the SUPPORT Act; H.R. 5797, the Indi-viduals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Execution Act; and H.R. 6082, the Over-dose Prevention and Patient Safety Act. The three bills included in today’s rule all seek to accomplish one goal: assist Americans struggling with opioid addiction in controlling their addictions and moving forward in achieving productive and healthy lives. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate on H.R. 6, equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule makes in order eight amendments offered by both Republicans and Democrats. Fur-ther, the rule provides the minority with one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The resolution also provides for a structured rule for H.R. 5797, allowing 1 hour of debate to be divided and con-trolled between the chair and ranking minority member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. The rule also provides for debate on an amendment by Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, an active member of the Energy and Com-merce Committee. Finally, the rule provides the minority with the cus-tomary motion to recommit with or without instructions. The final bill included in today’s res-olution, H.R. 6082, will also receive 1 hour of debate on the House floor, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the En-ergy and Commerce Committee. As the Committee on Rules received no ger-mane amendments to H.R. 6082, no amendments were made in order in to-day’s rule. The minority does receive the customary motion to recommit with or without instructions. The statistics that many of us have heard on numerous occasions—at our district townhalls, in opioid roundtables with stakeholders, con-stituent meetings in our offices, and in our committee hearings—are truly heartbreaking stories, with more than 115 people dying in the United States every day from an opioid overdose. That is five people per hour. According to national reports, emer-gency room visits and opioid overdose deaths have more than quadrupled in the last 15 years, and a preliminary analysis indicates those numbers are to rise. The misuse of and addiction to opioids—including prescription pain medications, heroin, and synthetic opioids such as fentanyl—is, indeed, an urgent national crisis that continues to threaten our public health, social fabric, and economic welfare. Both community hospitals and local para-medics are frequently coming across people overdosing on an opioid drug or a drug laced with fentanyl. The opioid epidemic has affected families not only in my district in north Texas, but in communities large and small from Maine to California. It has also impacted American employers and businesses due to lost productivity and difficulty finding qualified can-didates for employment. President Trump is right to call this epidemic the ‘‘crisis next door.’’ The efforts of the Energy and Com-merce Committee in the Comprehen-sive Addiction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act in the pre-vious Congress were a good start, deliv-ering critical funding and resources to communities hit most hard by the opioid epidemic. But there was much more we still could do. To start this process, the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, which I chair, held a Member Day last October, where more than 50 bipartisan Members of this body, both on and off the committee, shared their personal stories from their districts and offered their solutions. This was followed by a series of three legislative hearings with markups where nearly 60 bills were considered and advanced to the full En-ergy and Commerce Committee that acted on these bills shortly thereafter. The culmination of the work from the Energy and Commerce Committee and other House committees has brought us to consider many of these policies over the course of the last 2 weeks on the House floor. It required an all-hands-on-deck approach, and I believe the American people will see that, by this week’s end, we did, in-deed, come together in a bipartisan fashion and worked to address this cri-sis. Today’s rule provides for consider-ation of three important bills that will expand treatment options, deliver life-saving services, and make necessary public health reforms, including Medi-care and Medicaid, to bolster preven-tion and recovery efforts. First, H.R. 5797, the Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appro-priate and Responsible in its Execution Act, the IMD CARE Act, allows State Medicaid programs to remove the insti-tutions for mental diseases exclusion for beneficiaries aged 21 to 64 with an opioid use disorder for 5 years’ time. The bill provides the continuum of care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.004 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5296 June 20, 2018 
by removing a barrier of care under current law, so Medicaid can cover up to a total of 30 days of care in an insti-tute for mental disease during a 12- month period, and eligible enrollees can get the care that they actually need. The IMD exclusion is one of the treatment barriers consistently identi-fied by State Medicaid directors, health policy experts, and many pro-vider groups. Currently, this exclusion under Medicaid significantly limits the circumstances under which Federal Medicaid matching funds are available for inpatient services or for outpatient treatments. Unfortunately, this policy has barred individuals with an opioid use disorder and mental illness from accessing short-term, acute care in psychiatric hospitals, or receiving treatment in residential substance use disorder treatment facilities. A 2017 Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Com-mission report stated that the Med-icaid IMD exclusion is one of the few examples in the Medicaid program where Federal financial participation cannot be used for medically necessary and otherwise covered services for a specific Medicaid population receiving treatment in a specific setting. In the midst of the opioid crisis, States must leverage all available tools to combat this epidemic. Section 1115 demonstration waivers are an im-portant tool, but, so far, less than half of the States have sought or received an appropriate waiver from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to help patients with substance use dis-order. The IMD CARE Act also allows States the option to use the State plan amendment process, which is generally faster than using waivers. Under this process, once a State plan amendment is submitted, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has 90 days to decide or the proposed change will automatically go into effect. H.R. 5797 amends an outdated law that has been in effect since the enact-ment of the Medicaid program in 1965. Since that time, there have been ad-vances in behavioral health, and there have been advances in addiction treat-ment services where more, improved treatment options now exist. It is long overdue to revisit this pol-icy so that State Medicaid programs can better meet patients’ needs and physicians can determine the most ap-propriate setting for care based on an individual’s treatment plan. Next, H.R. 6082, the Overdose Preven-tion and Patient Safety Act, makes timely reforms to a privacy law that affects patient access to healthcare and creates barriers to treatment. Specifi-cally, the bill updates the Public Health Service Act to permit substance use disorder records to be shared among covered entities and 42 CFR part 2 programs by aligning part 2 with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 for the pur-poses of treatment, payment, and healthcare operations. b1030 As a physician, I believe it is vital that when making clinical decisions, I have all of the appropriate information to make the correct determination in the treatment of a particular patient. Those suffering from substance use dis-order should receive the same level of treatment and care as other individ-uals. Patients afflicted with substance use disorder deserve to be treated by physi-cians who are armed with all of the necessary information to provide the best possible care. I certainly do understand and respect that patient privacy protection is para-mount and should be held in the high-est regard. The Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act maintains the original in-tent of the 1970s statute behind 42 CFR part 2 by protecting patients and im-proving care coordination. In fact, this bill increases protections for those seeking treatment by more severely penalizing those who share patient data to noncovered entities and non- part 2 programs than under the current statute, with certain exceptions. Lastly, it requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to, among other things, issue regulations prohib-iting discrimination based on disclosed health data and requiring covered enti-ties to provide written notice of pri-vacy practices. The issue of the stigma associated with substance use disorder has been a constant in many of the discussions members of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the stakeholders have had in both our offices and in our hear-ings. This carefully crafted legislation seeks to help break the stigma and help individuals with this complex dis-ease gain access to healthcare and sup-port services critical to getting them on the road to recovery. We should not continue to silo the substance use disorder treatment infor-mation of a select group of patients if we want to ensure that these patients are indeed receiving quality care. This information should be integrated into our medical records and comprehensive care models to prevent situations where physicians, not knowing a pa-tient’s substance use disorder, may prescribe medications that have sig-nificant drug interactions, or worse, may prescribe a controlled substance that makes their patient’s substance use disorder worse. As it currently stands, 42 CFR part 2 is actively prohibiting physicians from ensuring proper treatment and patient safety and, paradoxically, it is perpet-uating that stigma. Providing high quality healthcare is a team effort, but physicians leading the team must have the necessary in-formation to adequately coordinate care. We must align payment, oper-ations, and treatment to allow coordi-nation of both behavioral and physical health services for individuals with substance use disorder. There is a reason why the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Ad-ministration and most of the health stakeholder community are asking for this change. Clearly, there is an issue here that must be addressed. H.R. 6082 achieves the goal and contributes to Congress’ effort in trying to stem the current crisis. Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6, the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Commu-nities Act, is a package of bills that re-form Medicare, Medicaid, and other health provisions to further combat this crisis by advancing many critical initiatives. As we all know, this opioid epidemic is in our hospitals, but it is also in our living rooms and on our streets. Our partners at Federal agencies must rise to the challenge and deliver vital re-sources for States and communities most devastated by the crisis. The SUPPORT for Patients and Commu-nities Act will provide our Department of Health and Human Services, includ-ing the Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services and the Food and Drug Administration, with the necessary tools to address this crisis. Title I of H.R. 6 addresses the ways in which Medicaid can be used to increase access to quality care and management for individuals suffering from sub-stance use disorders. Some of these changes in Medicaid reflect the success of our State Medicaid programs by im-plementing State successes at the Fed-eral level. Section 101 under title I will expand protection for at-risk youth by requir-ing State Medicaid programs to restore Medicaid coverage of a juvenile fol-lowing their release from incarcer-ation. The next section also allows former foster youth to maintain their Medicaid coverage across State lines until they turn 26 years of age. These are vulnerable populations of individ-uals that will greatly benefit from in-creased access to treatment. Section 105 builds on the current State Medicaid drug utilization review, which saves money and promotes pa-tient safety. This section will require State Medicaid programs to have safe-ty edits in place for opioid refills, mon-itor concurrent prescribing of opioids and certain other drugs, and monitor antipsychotic prescribing for children. Care for mothers suffering from sub-stance use disorder and their babies who are born with neonatal abstinence syndrome is a growing problem in the face of this epidemic. Section 106 re-quires HHS to improve care for these infants with neonatal abstinence syn-drome and their mothers. It also re-quires that the General Accountability Office study the gaps in Medicaid cov-erage for pregnant and postpartum women with substance use disorders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.013 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5297 June 20, 2018 
Section 107 of the bill provides addi-tional incentives for Medicaid health homes for patients with substance use disorder. Mr. Speaker, these health homes will allow States to create a comprehensive person-centered system of care coordi-nation for primary care, acute and be-havioral healthcare, including mental health and substance use. As our healthcare system moves towards car-ing for the whole person, it is impor-tant that we enable our physicians and our payers to provide that comprehen-sive care. The SUPPORT for Patients and Com-munities Act also enables better pain management for our Nation’s Medicare beneficiaries, ranging from increased access to substance use disorder treat-ment, including through the use of telehealth, to modification of physi-cian payment for certain nonopioid treatments in Ambulatory Surgery Centers. Title II of the bill contains Medicare provisions that encourage the use of nonopioid analgesics where appropriate and also aims to decrease fraud and abuse regarding prescriptions by re-quiring e-prescribing for the coverage of Medicare Part D controlled sub-stances. H.R. 6 strives to provide support for at-risk beneficiaries who might fall victim to substance use disorder. Sec-tion 206 of the bill accelerates the de-velopment and the use of drug manage-ment programs for at-risk bene-ficiaries. While this program is cur-rently voluntary, by plan year 2021, it will become a mandatory program. Lastly, the bill expands Medicare coverage to include opioid treatment programs for the purpose of providing medication-assisted treatment. Opioid treatment programs are not currently Medicare providers, which forces Medi-care beneficiaries who need medica-tion-assisted treatment to pay out-of- pocket costs for those services. These efforts should provide improved access to treatment for Medicare beneficiaries who have substance use disorders while also incentivizing the use of opioid al-ternatives, which hopefully will pre-vent the development of substance use disorders. Even though an estimated 46,000 Americans died from opioid overdoses from October 2016 to October 2017, there is a lack of innovation and a lack of investment in the development of nonaddictive pain and addiction treat-ment. A bill that I introduced, H.R. 5806, the 21st Century Tools for Pain and Ad-diction Treatments, is included in sec-tion 301 on H.R. 6 and requires the Food and Drug Administration to hold at least one public meeting to address the challenges and the barriers of devel-oping nonaddictive medical products intended to treat pain or addiction. The Food and Drug Administration is also required to issue or update exist-ing guidance documents to help address challenges to developing nonaddictive medical products to treat pain or ad-diction. Mr. Speaker, I did work closely with the Food and Drug Administration to get the policy in this section correct and to ensure that it will clarify those pathways for products that, in fact, are so desperately needed by America’s pa-tients. I have remaining concerns about the language in section 303 that will allow nonphysician providers to prescribe buprenorphine. While I understand and greatly appreciate the intent to in-crease access to medication-assisted treatment, as a physician, I also re-spect how complicated the treatment of patients suffering from substance use disorder may be. The Hippocratic Oath, we all know, is to first, do no harm. Patient safety should be our highest priority. This is a complex patient population, Mr. Speaker. On average, people with substance use disorder die 20 years sooner than other Americans. Additionally, buprenorphine is a schedule III drug that can be misused and could exacerbate the underlying problem. I am unsure about expanding these authorities to additional non-physician providers at the risk of mak-ing the problem worse. I have worked to strengthen the reporting require-ments of this section of H.R. 6 and look forward to reviewing that report on this particular policy. Taken together, H.R. 6, the SUP-PORT for Patients and Communities Act, will improve access to care for in-dividuals suffering from substance use disorder, provide our healthcare sys-tem with tools and resources that it needs to care for patients, and to help prevent future misuse of opioids. Before I close, I would like to share a quote from President Trump. He said: ‘‘Together, we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction, with unity, and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together, we will defeat this opioid epidemic.’’ The number of bills and policies ad-vanced on the House floor in the last 2 weeks illustrates our shared commit-ment, and I am confident that we will make significant progress in defeating this epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the three un-derlying bills that are critical to our Nation’s effort to stem the opioid cri-sis. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, my Republican col-leagues are rushing to congratulate themselves for finally addressing opioid addiction. But, Mr. Speaker, what took them so long? This is an epi-demic that fueled more drug overdoses in America in 2016 than died in the Vietnam war. In fact, opioids now kill more people every year than breast cancer. 115 Americans are dying from them every single day. These statistics aren’t new. They have been staring the Republicans in the face for months. The public has been pushing this Congress to act. Democrats have been pushing measure after measure after measure to address opioid addiction, but the majority has used their restrictive amendment proc-ess to block them from even getting a vote on the House floor. More than a dozen amendments deal-ing with opioids have been blocked by the majority from even getting a de-bate. One of these amendments had bi-partisan support, but it was blocked all the same. This from a Republican majority that has already turned this Congress into the most closed Congress in his-tory. Let me say that again. These guys, my Republican colleagues, have presided over the most closed Congress in history. There have already been 86 completely closed rules during the 115th Congress, and it is only June. That number is expected to grow later this week as the majority con-siders their partisan immigration bills under a closed process. Mr. Speaker, as well-intentioned as these bills may be, we aren’t consid-ering them in a vacuum. And here is the deal: We are taking them up at a time when Republicans are continuing their crusade against the Affordable Care Act, a law that has helped mil-lions of Americans suffering from sub-stance use disorders. The Trump administration is refus-ing to defend the ACA. And get this: its Justice Department recently asked in a legal filing for the courts to invalidate this law’s protections for preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, does the majority real-ize that substance use disorders are a preexisting condition? If Republicans are successful, they will make the opioid crisis even worse. And it doesn’t stop there. Some con-servative groups are pushing the ma-jority to try repealing the ACA com-pletely again before the summer is out. b1045 This, after Republicans came within a few votes of taking healthcare from 23 million Americans last year, includ-ing those suffering from opioid addic-tion. These rightwing groups released their latest repeal plan yesterday, so the words from my Republican friends today ring particularly hollow. Mr. Speaker, we all know that the best answer to an epidemic is to get as many people as possible into treatment and to provide them and their families the support that they need. And one of the most effective ways to accomplish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.015 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5298 June 20, 2018 
this is to expand Medicaid and expand treatment options for substance abuse through the ACA. Last October, the Republicans made clear what they think of the hundreds of thousands of Americans suffering from opioid addiction and alcohol and drug abuse. They passed a budget that makes $1.3 trillion in cuts to healthcare, including a 30 percent cut to Medicaid. Mr. Speaker, Republicans can’t be-moan the opioid epidemic on one hand and vote time and time again to cut the very healthcare systems required to treat addiction. Nor can you set up a biased, tiered system that grants access to treatment for opioid addiction at the expense of providing treatment for addiction and abuse of other substances, like key pro-visions in H.R. 5797. Not only is that in-humane and immoral, but it is also in-effective. It undermines the entire health system of treating substance abuse. Mr. Speaker, many Democrats have joined the majority in supporting one of these bills, H.R. 6, the SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act. It is a good bill. It would help Medicare and Medicaid better respond to substance use disorders. We are working with the majority here. So, Mr. Speaker, why won’t they work with us to defend the ACA, pre-serve protections for preexisting condi-tions, and expand Medicaid. Now, I know asking Congressional Republicans to show some empathy right now is a tall order. This is the group that has furthered President Trump’s spin on family separations at the border, a policy he can change uni-laterally, right now if he wanted to. I mean, children are being ripped out of their parents’ arms in tears and kept in cages, warehouses, and tent cities. It is appalling and it is un-American. You don’t have to take my word for it. Republicans, like First Lady Laura Bush and Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, have spoken out against it. And a U.S. attor-ney in Texas made clear it was Presi-dent Trump’s policy choice alone. And get this: This is a U.S. attorney who the President himself appointed. But change is possible. Congressional Republicans can see the error of their ways. They can reject these calls for repeal. They can stop sitting idly by as President Trump attacks the Afford-able Care Act. And they can start standing up for the 133 million Ameri-cans with preexisting conditions. That includes those suffering from addic-tion. They could stop giving the President cover when he falsely claims that Democrats caused the chaos at the bor-der that he clearly caused. Stop playing with people’s lives. We are talking about their healthcare. We are talking about getting treatment for addiction. For God’s sake, we are talking about taking children out of the arms of their mothers. This isn’t a handful of cases, it is thousands of cases. It is outrageous. It is time for the adults in Congress, men and women of conscience, to stand up for what is right, not only on the opioid crisis, but on so many other im-portant issues facing this country. I hope the majority comes to its senses before it is too late. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), a fellow mem-ber on the Committee of Energy and Commerce. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule. I want to speak specifically on my sup-port for H.R. 6082, which allows for the flow of information among healthcare providers and health plans that is nec-essary to foster care coordination, pro-vide proper treatment, promote patient safety, make payment, and, ulti-mately, improve the individual’s health status. Without alignment for treatment, payment, and operations, the following could not happen without an authoriza-tion: Coordinating care across behav-ioral and medical services. Case man-agement to provide longer-term sup-port after a patient ends treatment. Ensuring appropriate administrative and financial interaction between pro-viders and plans, which support the core functions of treatment and pay-ment for HIPAA-covered entities. Also conducting quality assessment and im-provement activities to better inte-grate behavioral and medical services. This includes, Mr. Speaker, evaluating provider performance, conducting training programs, and accreditation, certification, and credentialing activi-ties. People with substance use disorder die, on average, decades sooner than other Americans. This is largely be-cause of a strikingly high incidence of poorly-managed, co-occurring chronic diseases, including HIV/AIDS, cardiac conditions, lung disease, and cirrhosis. Whatever we, as a Nation, are doing to coordinate care for this highly vul-nerable patient population is utterly failing by any reasonable measure. An extraordinary array of organiza-tions, hospitals, physicians, patient ad-vocates, and substance use treatment providers have approached our com-mittee to clearly state that existing Federal addiction privacy law—and that is what H.R. 6082 is focused on, ex-isting privacy law—is actively inter-fering with case management/care co-ordination efforts, and preserving a failed and deadly status quo. Blocking certain substance use pro-viders from accessing health records from these exchanges, which the part 2 regulations do, isolates patients in these programs from powerful ex-changes of health information and from the protections of HIPAA and HITECH regulations governing these exchanges. Mr. Speaker, treating patients’ sub-stance use in isolation from their med-ical and mental conditions, which pre-dominated care in the 1970s, is not the current standard of good medical prac-tice today. There is overwhelming evidence now that patients’ substance use cannot be treated in isolation from other phys-ical and mental health conditions. In the 1970s, when part 2 was written, this was not widely known, and treatment for addiction was largely separate from treatment of other illnesses. By continuing to segregate substance use disorder records for any treatment setting means that you are willing to allow those patients to receive care that is lower quality at a higher cost. Medically-ill inpatients who have alco-hol or drug disorders are at greatly in-creased risk of rapid rehospitalization after discharge and greater healthcare use and costs. Patients who have medical illnesses such as diabetes or cardiovascular dis-orders and who also have a substance use disorder use healthcare services two to three times more often than their peers with just diabetes or heart problems, and cost of care is similarly much higher. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. I yield the gentleman from Pennsylvania an additional 1 minute. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Fi-nally, Mr. Speaker, untreated alcohol or drug use during pregnancy dramati-cally increases risk of poor birth out-comes, neonatal intensive care use and greater infant and maternal healthcare use. But treated as part of prenatal care, birth outcomes, infant and mater-nal health use and costs are no dif-ferent from their non-substance-using peers. That is why support of this rule and support of H.R. 6082 is so impor-tant. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Just let me remind my colleagues again, because I think it is worth em-phasizing, that no matter what we do in the next couple of days with these bills that are going to be before the House, they are rendered meaningless if the Republicans continue in their ef-fort to cut Medicaid and to take away protections for people with preexisting conditions. Substance use disorder is a pre-existing condition and Republicans, working with the White House, are try-ing to eliminate that protection for people. I don’t get it. It doesn’t make sense. But we ought to make sure that we keep this debate in context and peo-ple know what is going on out there. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
ATSUI ). Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this rule. Throughout the Energy and Commerce Committee’s process writing opioid legislation, I have raised the issue that we need to be making investments in the full spec-trum of our behavioral health system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.018 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5299 June 20, 2018 
in order to truly address the root causes and the results of the opioid epi-demic. While crisis and high-level inpatient care will always be necessary for a sub-set of the population, and we must en-sure it is adequately funded, we cannot do so in a vacuum. We need to ensure that people also have access to ade-quate outpatient treatment and pre-vention services. And while the opioid epidemic is front and center in all our minds, we cannot forget patients suffering from other substance use disorders. It is im-portant that we do not unintentionally set up a discriminatory system that will be useless during the next epi-demic, whatever that might be. We want our legislative efforts to both save lives today and to prevent epidemics like this one in the future. States already have the option to work around outdated exclusions in IMD facilities. States like California are already doing so in a comprehen-sive way, taking into account the con-tinuum of care for opioid and other substance use disorders. If we are going to be spending an ad-ditional nearly $1 billion in the Med-icaid program, we need to spend it wisely on expanding access to services, and not narrowly duplicating some-thing that is already available. Ever since the Excellence in Mental Health demonstration project passed into law in 2014, I have been fiercely advocating to expand the program. The demonstration project, which I coauthored with my Republican col-league, Congressman L
ANCE , and my Senate colleagues, Senators S
TABENOW  and B
LUNT , certifies community behav-ioral health clinics, known as CCBHCs. The demonstration is currently about halfway through its 2-year period in eight States and already showing great success. The National Council for Behavioral Health recently issued a report enti-tled, ‘‘Bridging the Addiction Treat-ment Gap.’’ It surveys CCBHCs oper-ating in the Excellence Act demonstra-tion States, and the results offer great hope. First, the demonstration has enabled near-universal adoption of Medication Assisted Treatment, or MAT, for opioid use disorder. Ninety-two percent of cer-tified clinics in the program are offer-ing at least one type of FDA-approved MAT. Second, 100 percent of CCBHCs have expanded the scope of addiction treat-ment services under the demonstra-tion. For many clinics, this is the first time such services have been available in their communities, very often in medically-underserved areas. Third, even while seeing more pa-tients, two-thirds of surveyed CCBHCs have seen a decrease in patient wait times. After an initial call or referral, half of the clinics now offer same-day access to care, and four out of five can offer an appointment within a week or less. Mr. Speaker, the Excellence Act is showing concrete results in terms of patient outcomes. In western New York State, more than 1,000 people in Erie County died of opioid overdoses over the last 5 years; 142 people lost their lives in 2016 alone. At the same time, according to media reports, local police chiefs are report-ing a 60 percent reduction in overdose calls in 2018. Authorities specifically credit a certified behavioral health clinic in the city of Buffalo that is pro-viding medication assisted treatment for people battling opioid addiction within 24 to 48 hours after initial as-sessment. We want to expand upon this success for certified community behavioral health clinics across the country by al-lowing Medicaid reimbursement on a larger scale. These clinics are the ones in people’s neighborhoods and commu-nities, the ones on the front lines of treating behavioral health and sub-stance use disorder. If we do not build them up and integrate them with our health system, we will never achieve the full continuum of care that we are looking for. Every time I have pushed for an ex-pansion of the Excellence program in the Energy and Commerce Committee on funding legislation on the floor, I have been told that we don’t have the dollars available. However, today, we are talking about spending nearly $1 billion on something that is both redundant and, I believe, does not fully address the entire spec-trum of care like the Excellence pro-gram has. That is why I offered an amendment to H.R. 5797, based on my bipartisan bill, H.R. 3931, and why I am here discussing this on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to consider funding community behav-ioral health clinics and outpatient treatment to help address the opioid epidemic. When you look back on what we have done to address this crisis, this will have more of a positive impact today and in the long term in compari-son with the other proposals we are considering. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. I do want to remind everyone that 18 months ago, in the previous Congress, with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act and the Comprehensive Ad-diction Recovery Act, CARA, $1 billion was made available for treating people with substance use disorder. That was then supplemented with the passage of the more recent appropriations bill last month—2 months ago, with $4 billion. b1100 Unprecedented amounts of money have been made available in the last 18 months to combat this crisis. And then, finally, it is very, very dif-ficult to integrate care if you don’t re-form the 42 CFR part 2, which is before us today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, none of what we are doing here today is going to matter if the Republicans and the Trump ad-ministration are successful in cutting Medicaid and in basically removing the guarantee that people who have pre-existing conditions cannot be denied insurance. I mean, if the Trump administration is successful, individuals with pre-existing conditions all across the coun-try, including individuals suffering from opioid use disorders, both in the individual and in the employer market, could face a denial of coverage or sky-rocketing premiums beyond anything anybody could afford. I don’t get it. I don’t understand the hypocrisy here. I know that the efforts here today are well intentioned and people are trying to do the right thing, but then you ruin it all when you gut the funding sources that help people deal with the treatment they need. This has to stop. I know some of my friends have ideo-logical blinders on when it comes to anything that was passed during the Obama administration, but we have got to put the American people first, and this is a crisis that affects every single community in this country. If this ad-ministration is successful in what they are trying to do to undercut the ACA, then countless people will not have ac-cess to healthcare and will not have ac-cess to the treatment they need. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is in the midst of a devastating opioid crisis that is spiraling out of control. Every day, more than 115 people in the United States die after overdosing on opioids, according to the National Institute on Drug Abuse. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has also found that opioids are responsible for 6 out of 10 overdose deaths in the United States. The American people are in desperate need of strong action by Congress to stem the tide of the opioid scourge. We need serious public investment to quell this exploding crisis, not just legisla-tion on the peripherals. We must direct resources to the States and local com-munities on the front lines of this dev-astating public health crisis where as-sistance is needed the most. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask my colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion, and if we do, I will offer an amendment to bring up Representative L
OEBSACK ’s legislation, H.R. 4501, the Combating the Opioid Epidemic Act. This bill would provide badly needed funding for State grants for the preven-tion, detection, surveillance, and treat-ment of opioid abuse. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.019 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5300 June 20, 2018 
There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
UIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, as an emer-gency medicine physician, I know first-hand what this devastating opioid cri-sis does to families, to individuals, to children, to parents. I have taken care of many who have come in overdosed, blue in the face, not breathing, many of which I have been resuscitated suc-cessfully and a few tragic losses along the way. I know that many of them rely on being able to get the treatment when-ever we are able to convince them to get treatment, but one of the biggest concerns that they have is: How much is this going to cost? Many of them rely on Medicaid to be able to take advantage of some of the rehabilitation and the medication-as-sisted treatments that are offered to them. But, unfortunately, many of them, being uninsured, are unable to do so, and so then they repeat the cycle of abuse and misuse, and unfortu-nately, again, they present themselves overdosed in the emergency depart-ment. I have an article here that sheds light on the importance of Medicaid. I bring Medicaid up because I feel like we are taking a few good steps forward in this opioid crisis, but we are missing the big picture when we have to defend Medicaid over and over again. Up to 45 percent of opioid-addicted patients rely on Medicaid to get their opioid rehab or misuse treatments to get back on steady footing. There is an article here that I brought by Alana Sharp, et al., that was published in the May 2018 Amer-ican Journal of Public Health, entitled: ‘‘Impact of Medicaid Expansion on Ac-cess to Opioid Analgesic Medications and Medication-Assisted Treatment.’’ Basically, by using Medicaid enroll-ment and reimbursement data from 2011 to 2016 in all States, they evalu-ated prescribing patterns of opioids and the three FDA-approved medications used in treating opioid use disorders by using two statistical models—I won’t bore you with which ones they used— and they found that although opioid prescribing for Medicaid enrollees in-creased overall, they observed no dif-ference between expansion and non-expansion. These are States that ex-panded Medicaid. By contrast, per enrollee rates of buprenorphine and naltrexone pre-scribed increased more than 200 percent after States expanded eligibility, meaning that States that expanded Medicaid increased medication-assisted treatments for opioid misuse disorders by 200 percent. That means it works. That means when people get Medicaid, they use their Medicaid insurance to help get off of their dependency on opioids. In the States that did not expand Medicaid, only less than 50 percent ex-pansion of use. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the States that didn’t expand their Medicaid en-rollment, you saw that there continued to be a disparity of patients between those States and States that expanded their Medicaid in their ability to seek treatment. So when we attempt to cut Medicaid in order to pay for the tax breaks we gave millionaires and billionaires, when we continue down that terrible path—or, I should say, government continues down that terrible path—to repeal the Medicaid expansion, which we must protect, then we are hurting patients. We are not providing them with tools that they need to get access to treatment. The other big picture here is that mental health and emergency care pay-ments are part of the essential health benefits. We have just passed experi-ences where we had to defend keeping these essential health benefits within the Affordable Care Act from being re-pealed. We know that those patients who go to the emergency department at their last wits’ end or that are suffering from overdose or severe side effects from misuse of the opioid medication, then they won’t be covered if we repeal those essential health benefits. And then, finally, having an addic-tion is a chronic condition. It is a men-tal health disorder with addiction char-acteristics, and this can be considered a preexisting illness. We have States that are trying to re-peal this through litigation. And when the government decides not to defend those protections for people with pre-existing illnesses, they basically agree with those that want to repeal it and allow and facilitate the case to repeal those protections for preexisting ill-nesses. If that happens and if they are successful in doing so, that means that insurance companies can deny those who are addicted to opioids the insur-ance. So I just want to keep the big picture in mind as we go forward that taking 2 steps forward doesn’t justify taking 10 steps backwards. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the good news is that all forms of medication-assisted treat-ment are required for 5 years under H.R. 6. So I look forward to the gentle-man’s support when we get to the vote, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, today, we are on the floor discussing the opioid crisis. This is an epidemic that is plaguing every community in the country, and it is killing 115 people every single day. It is heartbreaking, and, quite frankly, I am ashamed it is taking Congress so long to act. I would again point out that any-thing we do in the next few days and anything we have done gets erased if the Republicans succeed in cutting Medicaid and if the President succeeds in basically eliminating protections for people with preexisting conditions. But, Mr. Speaker, I think it is also important that people know there is a lot of stuff going on this week, and we are also awaiting word from the House Republicans when the Rules Com-mittee will have an emergency meet-ing, I guess today, on two immigration bills that were posted after 9 p.m. last night. These bills were drafted without any Democratic input, and from what we can tell, they are dangerous and they are certainly not a comprehensive solu-tion to immigration reform. They harm children, and they leave many Dreamers behind. This is not what our constituents want us to do. They want the President to do what he could easily do and stop separating children from their parents. The President says that he wants Democrats to come to the table, but we never get invited to anything. I tried to go and see the President yesterday when the Republicans were meeting with him, but I was not allowed to go into the room. I tried to shout at the President as he was walking by, but he was quickly es-corted by. I wanted to show him the pictures on the border of these young children who are being taken away from their parents. The President continues to spread mistruths about immigration and prac-tically every other issue that is before this Congress and before this Nation, and it seems just to be getting worse. There are such things as facts. There are such things as truth. Yesterday, The Washington Post pub-lished an article, entitled: ‘‘President Trump Seems to be Saying More and More Things That Aren’t True.’’ Well, I would like to take a few minutes to read this article, because these aren’t my words, Mr. Speaker. They are the words of The Washington Post, specifi-cally, Ashley Parker, who wrote the piece. If the President is watching, I think it is helpful for me to read because I know he doesn’t read, so maybe he can hear this. ‘‘He’s done it on Twitter. He’s done it in the White House driveway. And he’s done it in a speech to a business group. ‘‘President Trump, a man already known for trafficking in mistruths and even outright lies—has been outdoing himself with falsehoods in recent days, repeating and amplifying bogus claims on several of the most pressing con-troversies facing his Presidency. ‘‘Since Saturday, Trump has tweeted false or misleading information at least seven times on the topic of immi-gration and at least six times on a Jus-tice Department inspector general re-port into the FBI’s handling of its in-vestigation into Hillary Clinton’s pri-vate email server. That is more than a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.021 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5301 June 20, 2018 
dozen obfuscations on just two central topics—a figure that does not include falsehoods on other issues, whether in tweets or public remarks. ‘‘The false claims come as the Presi-dent—emboldened by fewer disciplinar-ians inside the West Wing—indulges in frequent Twitter screeds. A Wash-ington Post analysis found that in June, Trump has been tweeting at the fastest rate of his Presidency so far, an average of 11.3 messages per day. ‘‘Inside the White House, aides and advisers say they believe the media is unwilling to give Trump a fair shot and is knee-jerk ready to accuse him of lying, even in cases where the facts support his point. ‘‘The President often seeks to paint a self-serving and self-affirming alter-nate reality for himself and his sup-porters. Disparaging the ‘fake news’ media, Trump offers his own filter through which to view the world—of-fering a competing reality on issues in-cluding relationships forged (or bro-ken) at the Group of Seven summit in Canada, the success of the Singapore summit with the North Koreans, and his administration’s ‘zero tolerance’ policy on illegal immigration. ‘‘‘It’s extraordinary how he is com-pletely indifferent to the truth. There’s just no relationship between his state-ments—anything he utters—and the actual truth of the matter,’ said Thom-as Murray, president emeritus of the Hastings Center, the founding institu-tion in the field of bioethics. ‘As far as I can tell, the best way to understand anything he says is what will best serve his interests in the moment. It’s irrespective to any version of the truth.’ ‘‘According to an analysis by The Post’s Fact Checker through the end of May, Trump has made 3,251 false or misleading claims in 497 days, an aver-age of 6.5 such claims per day of his Presidency.’’ b1115 ‘‘And within the past week, Trump seems to have ramped up both the vol-ume and the intensity of his false statements on two of the most promi-nent topics currently facing his admin-istration: the hardline immigration policy that has led to the separation of thousands of children from their par-ents—which Trump erroneously blames on others—and the 500-page inspector general report that he claims, incor-rectly, exonerates him in special coun-sel Robert S. Mueller III’s probe of Russian interference in the 2016 elec-tion. ‘‘Bella DePaulo, a psychology re-searcher at the University of California Santa Barbara, said Trump’s use of repetition is a particularly effective technique for convincing his supporters of the veracity of his false claims, in part because most people have a ‘truth bias’ or an initial inclination to accept what others say as true. ‘‘‘When liars repeat the same lie over and over again, they can get even more of an advantage, at least among those who want to believe them or are not all that motivated either way,’ DePaulo said in an email. ‘So when people hear the same lies over and over again—es-pecially when they want to believe those lies—a kind of new reality can be created. What they’ve heard starts to seem like it is just obvious, and not something that needs to be ques-tioned.’ ‘‘On immigration, Trump and many top administration officials have said that existing U.S. laws and court rul-ings have given them no choice but to separate families trying to cross ille-gally into the United States. But it is the administration’s decision, an-nounced in April, to prosecute all southern border crossings that has led to the separation of families. ‘‘That hasn’t stopped the President from blaming Democrats for his admin-istration’s decisions. ‘Democrats are the problem,’ Trump wrote in one tweet. In another, he was even more blunt: ‘The Democrats are forcing the breakup of families at the border with their horrible and cruel legislative agenda. . . .’’’ Mr. Speaker, let me divert a little bit here. The truth is that the President caused this crisis, and it is not just me saying it and The Washington Post saying it. Listen to what some of the Republicans have said, L
INDSEY GRA-
HAM said: ‘‘President Trump could stop this policy with a phone call. I’ll go tell him: If you don’t like families being separated, you can tell DHS, ‘Stop doing it.’’’ Senator J
OHNMCCAIN: ‘‘The adminis-tration’s current family separation pol-icy is an affront to the decency of the American people, and contrary to prin-ciples and values upon which our Na-tion was founded. The administration has the power to rescind this policy. It should do so now.’’ Senator S
USAN COLLINS , former First Lady Laura Bush—and I can go on and on and on—a whole bunch of Repub-licans now are all agreeing with us that the President is not telling us the truth. So let me go back to the article: ‘‘While Congress could pass a legisla-tive fix, Republicans control both the House and the Senate—making it dis-ingenuous at best to finger the oppos-ing party, as the President has repeat-edly done. ‘‘Speaking to the National Federa-tion of Independent Business on Tues-day, Trump again falsely painted the humanitarian crisis as a binary choice. ‘We can either release all illegal immi-grant families and minors who show up at the border from Central America, or we can arrest the adults for the Fed-eral crime of illegal entry,’ he said. ‘Those are the only two options.’ ‘‘On Twitter, the President twice in the past 4 days has singled out Ger-many as facing an increase in crime. ‘Crime in Germany is up 10 percent- plus (officials do not want to report these crimes) since migrants were ac-cepted,’ Trump wrote. ‘Others coun-tries are even worse. Be smart, Amer-ica.’’’ That is his tweet. ‘‘In fact, the opposite is true. Re-ported crime in Germany was actually down by 10 percent last year and, ac-cording to German Interior Minister . . . the country’s reported crime rate last year was actually at its lowest point in three decades. ‘‘The President has also falsely claimed that the inspector general re-port ‘exonerated’ him from Mueller’s probe, when the report did not delve into the Russia investigation. When he made this argument Friday during an impromptu press gaggle in the White House driveway, a reporter pressed him on the falsehood. ‘‘‘Sir, that has nothing to do with collusion,’ the reporter said. ‘Why are you lying about it, sir?’’’ The bottom line, Mr. Speaker, is, we have a President who has a problem with the truth, and Congress needs to stand up and do the right thing. We need to speak the truth; we need to em-brace the truth; and we need to solve some of the issues that are before the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I don’t need to remind anyone that the lie of the year for 2012 was: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor—words that will ring through this body probably for the rest of time. I want to read from the Statement of Administration Policy, back to the business at hand, the rule on the three bills that we are considering today. This is the Statement of Administra-tion Policy: ‘‘Addressing the opioid cri-sis has been a top priority of the Presi-dent since day one, and the administra-tion welcomes legislation that com-plements its efforts to end the opioid crisis. The administration strongly supports House passage of bipartisan bills to protect patients enrolled in Medicare and Medicaid, create targeted programs for at-risk populations, ex-pand access to medication-assisted treatment for opioid use disorders, and provide resources for States and com-munities struggling to deal with the scale of the opioid crisis.’’ The statement goes on, and it con-cludes: ‘‘These initiatives represent bold, evidence-based steps to prevent and treat opioid abuse, and will help save the lives of countless Americans. The administration commends the House on taking up these important bills. . . . The administration supports House passage of H.R. 5797, H.R. 6082, and H.R. 6. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for the consideration of these three im-portant pieces of legislation aimed at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.022 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5302 June 20, 2018 
addressing the opioid crisis affecting so many of our fellow Americans. H.R. 6, the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Re-covery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act; H.R. 5797, the Indi-viduals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Execution Act; and H.R. 6082, the Over-dose Prevention and Patient Safety Act, will all play a critical role in treating patients and providing Ameri-cans the tools to put the pieces of their lives back together again. I commend Chairman W
ALDEN for his efforts on bringing so many Members of this body into the discussion and taking the many ideas offered by Mem-bers, incorporating them into the legis-lative products. The result of those ef-forts is a legislative trio that this en-tire body can be proud of, and this en-tire body can support. I, therefore, urge my colleagues to support today’s rule and the three un-derlying pieces of legislation. The text of the material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as fol-lows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 949 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 5. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 4501) to increase fund-ing for the State response to the opioid mis-use crisis and to provide funding for research on addiction and pain related to the sub-stance misuse crisis. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 6. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 4501. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns on Wednes-day, June 20, 2018, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. on Thursday, June 21, 2018, for morning-hour debate and 10 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on the motion to fix the convening time will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 949; and Adopting House Resolution 949, if or-dered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 222, nays 184, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 272] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.025 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5303 June 20, 2018 
Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—20 
Black Blum Cheney Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Davidson Ellison Frankel (FL) Gallagher Graves (MO) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kinzinger Pelosi Polis Thompson (MS) Thornberry Turner Vela Walz 
b1149 Ms. ESHOO changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to nay.’’ So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6, SUBSTANCE USE-DIS-ORDER PREVENTION THAT PRO-MOTES OPIOID RECOVERY AND TREATMENT FOR PATIENTS AND COMMUNITIES ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5797, INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DESERVE CARE THAT IS APPRO-PRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS EXECUTION ACT; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6082, OVERDOSE PREVEN-TION AND PATIENT SAFETY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 949) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 6) to provide for opioid use disorder prevention, re-covery, and treatment, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid serv-ices for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases; and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to pro-tect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 221, nays 185, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 273] YEAS—221 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.003 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5304 June 20, 2018 
Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Bishop (UT) Black Blum Cheney Collins (GA) Davidson Duncan (SC) Ellison Frankel (FL) Gallagher Graves (MO) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kinzinger Pelosi Polis Thompson (MS) Thornberry Turner Vela Walz 
b1157 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 225, noes 180, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 274] AYES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—180 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bergman Black Blum Cheney Collins (GA) Ellison Frankel (FL) Gallagher Graves (MO) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Kinzinger Pascrell Pelosi Polis Rush Sinema Thompson (MS) Thornberry Turner Vela Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1204 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, today, June 20, 2018, I was absent during the first vote se-ries due to official business. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 272, ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 273, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 274. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote of the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
COORDINATED RESPONSE THROUGH INTERAGENCY STRAT-EGY AND INFORMATION SHAR-ING ACT Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5925) to codify provisions relating to the Office of National Drug Control, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5925 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act’’ or the ‘‘CRISIS Act’’. 
SEC. 2. OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The Office of National Drug Control Policy shall be known as the ‘‘Office of National Drug Control’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any other Federal law, Executive order, rule, reg-ulation, or delegation of authority, or any document of or relating to the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy is deemed to refer to the Office of National Drug Control. (c) C
ODIFICATION .—Subtitle I of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 10—OFFICE OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —OFFICE  ‘‘1001. Definitions. ‘‘1002. Office of National Drug Control. ‘‘1003. Administration of the Office. ‘‘1004. National drug control program budg-et. ‘‘1005. National drug control strategy. ‘‘1006. Development of an annual national drug control assessment. ‘‘1007. Monitoring and evaluation of national drug control program. ‘‘1008. Coordination and oversight of the na-tional drug control program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.005 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5305 June 20, 2018 
‘‘1009. Emerging threats task force, plan, campaign. ‘‘1010. National and international coordina-tion. ‘‘1011. Interdiction. ‘‘1012. Treatment coordinator. ‘‘1013. Critical information coordination. ‘‘1014. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER II —DRUG -FREE COMMUNITIES  
SUPPORT PROGRAM  ‘‘1021. Establishment of drug-free commu-nities support program. ‘‘1022. Program authorization. ‘‘1023. Information collection and dissemina-tion with respect to grant re-cipients. ‘‘1024. Technical assistance and training. ‘‘1025. Supplemental grants for coalition mentoring activities. ‘‘1026. Authorization for National Commu-nity Antidrug Coalition Insti-tute. ‘‘1027. Definitions. ‘‘1028. Drug–free communities reauthoriza-tion. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—OFFICE ‘‘§ 1001. Definitions ‘‘In this chapter: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given the term ‘executive agency’ in section 102. ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(i) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Caucus on International Narcotics Control of the Senate; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, the Committee on the Ju-diciary, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Any sub- mission to Congress shall mean submission to the appropriate congressional commit-tees. ‘‘(3) D
EMAND REDUCTION .—The term ‘de-mand reduction’ means any activity con-ducted by a National Drug Control Program Agency, other than an enforcement activity, that is intended to reduce or prevent the use of drugs or support or provide treatment and recovery efforts, including— ‘‘(A) education about the dangers of illicit drug use; ‘‘(B) services, programs, or strategies to prevent substance use disorder, including evidence-based education campaigns, com-munity-based prevention programs, collec-tion and disposal of unused prescription drugs, and services to at-risk populations to prevent or delay initial use of an illicit drug; ‘‘(C) substance use disorder treatment; ‘‘(D) illicit drug use research; ‘‘(E) drug-free workplace programs; ‘‘(F) drug testing, including the testing of employees; ‘‘(G) interventions for illicit drug use and dependence; ‘‘(H) expanding availability of access to health care services for the treatment of sub-stance use disorders; ‘‘(I) international drug control coordina-tion and cooperation with respect to activi-ties described in this paragraph; ‘‘(J) pre- and post-arrest criminal justice interventions such as diversion programs, drug courts, and the provision of evidence- based treatment to individuals with sub-stance use disorders who are arrested or under some form of criminal justice super-vision, including medication assisted treat-ment; ‘‘(K) other coordinated and joint initia-tives among Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies to promote comprehensive drug control strategies designed to reduce the de-mand for, and the availability of, illegal drugs; ‘‘(L) international illicit drug use edu-cation, prevention, treatment, recovery, re-search, rehabilitation activities, and inter-ventions for illicit drug use and dependence; and ‘‘(M) research related to any of the activi-ties described in this paragraph. ‘‘(4) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of National Drug Control. ‘‘(5) D
RUG.—The term ‘drug’ has the mean-ing given the term ‘controlled substance’ in section 102(6) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802(6)). ‘‘(6) D
RUG CONTROL .—The term ‘drug con-trol’ means any activity conducted by a Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency involv-ing supply reduction or demand reduction. ‘‘(7) E
MERGING DRUG THREAT .—The term ‘emerging drug threat’ means the occurrence of a new and growing trend in the use of an illicit drug or class of drugs, including rapid expansion in the supply of or demand for such drug. ‘‘(8) I
LLICIT DRUG USE ; ILLICIT DRUGS ; ILLE-
GAL DRUGS .—The terms ‘illicit drug use’, ‘il-licit drugs’, and ‘illegal drugs’ include the il-legal or illicit use of prescription drugs. ‘‘(9) L
AW ENFORCEMENT .—The term ‘law en-forcement’ or ‘drug law enforcement’ means all efforts by a Federal, State, local, or Trib-al government agency to enforce the drug laws of the United States or any State, in-cluding investigation, arrest, prosecution, and incarceration or other punishments or penalties. ‘‘(10) N
ATIONAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAM .— The term ‘National Drug Control Program’ means programs, policies, and activities un-dertaken by National Drug Control Program Agencies pursuant to the responsibilities of such agencies under the National Drug Con-trol Strategy, including any activities in-volving supply reduction, demand reduction, or State, local, and Tribal affairs. ‘‘(11) N
ATIONAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAM  
AGENCY .—The term ‘National Drug Control Program Agency’ means any agency (or bu-reau, office, independent agency, board, divi-sion, commission, subdivision, unit, or other component thereof) that is responsible for implementing any aspect of the National Drug Control Strategy, including any agency that receives Federal funds to implement any aspect of the National Drug Control Strategy, but does not include any agency that receives funds for drug control activity solely under the National Intelligence Pro-gram or the Military Intelligence Program. ‘‘(12) N
ATIONAL DRUG CONTROL STRATEGY ; 
STRATEGY .—The term ‘National Drug Control Strategy’ or ‘Strategy’ means the strategy developed and submitted to Congress under section 1005. ‘‘(13) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organiza-tion that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and ex-empt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(14) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Office of National Drug Control. ‘‘(15) S
TATE , LOCAL , AND TRIBAL AFFAIRS .— The term ‘State, local, and Tribal affairs’ means domestic activities conducted by a National Drug Control Program Agency that are intended to reduce the availability and use of illegal drugs, including— ‘‘(A) coordination and enhancement of Fed-eral, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment drug control efforts; ‘‘(B) coordination and enhancement of ef-forts among National Drug Control Program Agencies and State, local, and Tribal de-mand reduction and supply reduction agen-cies; ‘‘(C) coordination and enhancement of Fed-eral, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment initiatives to gather, analyze, and dis-seminate information and law enforcement intelligence relating to drug control among domestic law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(D) other coordinated and joint initia-tives among Federal, State, local, and Tribal agencies to promote comprehensive drug control strategies designed to reduce the de-mand for, and the availability of, illegal drugs. ‘‘(16) SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER TREAT -
MENT .—The term ‘substance use disorder treatment’ means an evidence-based, profes-sionally directed, deliberate, and planned regimen including evaluation, observation, medical monitoring, and rehabilitative serv-ices and interventions such as pharmacotherapy, behavioral therapy, and individual and group counseling, on an inpa-tient or outpatient basis, to help patients with substance use disorder reach recovery. ‘‘(17) S
UPPLY REDUCTION .—The term ‘supply reduction’ means any activity or program conducted by a National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency that is intended to reduce the availability or use of illegal drugs in the United States or abroad, including— ‘‘(A) law enforcement outside the United States; ‘‘(B) domestic law enforcement; ‘‘(C) source country programs, including economic development programs primarily intended to reduce the production or traf-ficking of illicit drugs; ‘‘(D) activities to control international trafficking in, and availability of, illegal drugs, including— ‘‘(i) accurate assessment and monitoring of international drug production and interdic-tion programs and policies; and ‘‘(ii) coordination and promotion of com-pliance with international treaties relating to the production, transportation, or inter-diction of illegal drugs; ‘‘(E) activities to conduct and promote international law enforcement programs and policies to reduce the supply of drugs; ‘‘(F) activities to facilitate and enhance the sharing of domestic and foreign intel-ligence information among National Drug Control Program Agencies, relating to the production and trafficking of drugs in the United States and in foreign countries; ‘‘(G) activities to prevent the diversion of drugs for their illicit use; and ‘‘(H) research related to any of the activi-ties described in this paragraph. ‘‘§ 1002. Office of National Drug Control ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF OFFICE .—There is established in the Executive Office of the President an Office of National Drug Con-trol, which shall— ‘‘(1) lead the national drug control effort, including coordinating with Nation Drug Control Program Agencies; ‘‘(2) coordinate and oversee the implemen-tation of the national drug control policy, including the National Drug Control Strat-egy; ‘‘(3) assess and certify the adequacy of Na-tional Drug Control Programs and the budg-et for those programs; ‘‘(4) monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of national drug control policy efforts, in-cluding the National Drug Control Program Agencies’ programs, by developing and ap-plying specific goals and performance meas-urements and tracking program-level spend-ing; ‘‘(5) identify and respond to emerging drug threats related to illicit drug use; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5306 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(6) administer and evaluate grant pro-grams in furtherance of the National Drug Control Strategy; and ‘‘(7) facilitate broad-scale information sharing and data standardization among Federal, State, and local entities to support the national drug control efforts. ‘‘(b) D
IRECTOR OF NATIONAL DRUGCONTROL  
ANDDEPUTY DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be at the head of the Office a Director who shall hold the same rank and status as the head of an executive department listed in section 101 of title 5. ‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Director shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall serve at the pleasure of the President. ‘‘(2) D
EPUTY DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There shall be a Deputy Director who shall report directly to the Di-rector, be appointed by the President, and serve at the pleasure of the President. ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Deputy Direc-tor shall— ‘‘(i) carry out the responsibilities dele-gated by the Director; and ‘‘(ii) be responsible for effectively coordi-nating with the each Coordinator established under this chapter. ‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(1) P
OLICIES , GOALS , OBJECTIVES , AND PRI -
ORITIES .—The Director shall assist the Presi-dent in directing national drug control ef-forts, including establishing policies, goals, objectives, and priorities for the National Drug Control Program that are based on evi-dence-based research. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—To formulate the Na-tional Drug Control policies, goals, objec-tives, and priorities, the Director— ‘‘(A) shall consult with— ‘‘(i) State and local governments; ‘‘(ii) National Drug Control Program Agen-cies; ‘‘(iii) each committee, working group, council, or other entity established under this chapter, as appropriate; ‘‘(iv) the public; ‘‘(v) appropriate congressional committees; and ‘‘(vi) any other person in the discretion of the Director; and ‘‘(B) may— ‘‘(i) establish advisory councils; ‘‘(ii) acquire data from agencies; and ‘‘(iii) request data from any other entity. ‘‘§ 1003. Administration of the Office ‘‘(a) E
MPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY OF THE DIRECTOR .—The Di- rector may select, appoint, employ, and fix compensation of such officers and employees of the Office as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Office under this chapter. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITIONS .— ‘‘(A) G
ENERALLY .—No person shall serve as Director or Deputy Director while serving in any other position in the Federal Govern-ment. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON POLITICAL CAM -
PAIGNING .—Any officer or employee of the Of-fice who is appointed to that position by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, may not participate in Federal election campaign activities, except that such officer or employee is not prohib-ited by this subparagraph from making con-tributions to individual candidates. ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON THE USE OF FUNDS FOR  P
OLITICAL CAMPAIGNS OR BALLOT INITIA -
TIVES .—No funds authorized under this chap-ter may be obligated for the purpose of influ-encing any Federal, State, or local election or ballot initiative. ‘‘(c) P
ERSONNEL DETAILED TO OFFICE .— ‘‘(1) EVALUATIONS .—Notwithstanding any provision of chapter 43 of title 5, the Director shall perform the evaluation of the perform-ance of any employee detailed to the Office for purposes of the applicable performance appraisal system established under such chapter for any rating period, or part there-of, that such employee is detailed to the Of-fice. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .— ‘‘(A) B
ONUS PAYMENTS .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Director may provide periodic bonus payments to any employee detailed to the Office. ‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTIONS .—An amount paid under this paragraph to an employee for any pe-riod— ‘‘(i) shall not be greater than 20 percent of the basic pay paid or payable to such em-ployee for such period; and ‘‘(ii) shall be in addition to the basic pay of such employee. ‘‘(C) A
GGREGATE AMOUNT .—The aggregate amount paid during any fiscal year to an em-ployee detailed to the Office as basic pay, awards, bonuses, and other compensation shall not exceed the annual rate payable at the end of such fiscal year for positions at level III of the Executive Schedule. ‘‘(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACCESS TO INFORMA -
TION.—The location of the Office in the Exec-utive Office of the President shall not be construed as affecting access by Congress, or any committee of the House of Representa-tives or the Senate, to any— ‘‘(1) information, document, or study in the possession of, or conducted by or at the direction of the Director; or ‘‘(2) personnel of the Office. ‘‘(e) O
THER AUTHORITIES OF THE DIREC-
TOR.—In carrying out this chapter, the Di-rector may— ‘‘(1) use for administrative purposes, on a reimbursable basis, the available services, equipment, personnel, and facilities of Fed-eral, State, and local agencies; ‘‘(2) procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5 relating to appointments in the Federal Service, at rates of compensation for individuals not to exceed the daily equiva-lent of the rate of pay payable under level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5311 of such title; and ‘‘(3) use the mails in the same manner as any other agency. ‘‘(f) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .— The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Director, on a reimbursable basis, such administrative support services as the Director may request. ‘‘§ 1004. National drug control program budg-et ‘‘(a) B
UDGET RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than July 1 of each year, the Director shall provide to the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency budget rec-ommendations, including requests for spe-cific initiatives that are consistent with the priorities of the President under the Na-tional Drug Control Strategy, which shall— ‘‘(1) apply to the budget for the next fiscal year scheduled for formulation under chap-ter 11, and each of the 4 subsequent fiscal years; and ‘‘(2) address funding priorities developed in the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF NATIONAL DRUG C
ONTROL PROGRAM AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency shall transmit to the Director a copy of the proposed drug control budget request of such agency at the same time as that budget request is submitted to their superi-ors (and before submission to the Office of Management and Budget) in the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a). ‘‘(2) SUBMISSION OF DRUG CONTROL BUDGET  
REQUESTS .—The head of each National Drug Control Program Agency shall ensure timely development and submission to the Director of each proposed drug control budget request transmitted pursuant to this subsection, in such format as may be designated by the Di-rector with the concurrence of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENT OF DRUG CONTROL BUDGET RE -
QUESTS .—A drug control budget request sub-mitted by the head of a National Drug Con-trol Program Agency under this subsection shall include all requests for funds for any drug control activity undertaken by such agency, including demand reduction, supply reduction, and State, local, and Tribal af-fairs, including any drug law enforcement activities. If an activity has both drug con-trol and nondrug control purposes or applica-tions, such agency shall estimate by a docu-mented calculation the total funds requested for that activity that would be used for drug control, and shall set forth in its request the basis and method for making the estimate. ‘‘(c) R
EVIEW AND CERTIFICATION OF BUDGET  R
EQUESTS AND BUDGET SUBMISSIONS OF NA-
TIONAL DRUGCONTROL PROGRAM AGENCIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall re-view each drug control budget request sub-mitted to the Director under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF BUDGET REQUESTS .— ‘‘(A) I
NADEQUATE REQUESTS .—If the Direc-tor concludes that a budget request sub-mitted under subsection (b) is inadequate, in whole or in part, to implement the objectives of the National Drug Control Strategy with respect to the agency or program at issue for the year for which the request is submitted, the Director shall submit to the head of the applicable National Drug Control Program Agency a written description identifying the funding levels and specific initiatives that would, in the determination of the Director, make the request adequate to implement those objectives. ‘‘(B) A
DEQUATE REQUESTS .—If the Director concludes that a budget request submitted under subsection (b) is adequate to imple-ment the objectives of the National Drug Control Strategy with respect to the agency or program at issue for the year for which the request is submitted, the Director shall submit to the head of the applicable Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency a writ-ten statement confirming the adequacy of the request. ‘‘(C) R
ECORD .—The Director shall maintain a record of each description submitted under subparagraph (A) and each statement sub-mitted under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC REQUESTS .—The Director shall not confirm the adequacy of any budget request that requests a level of funding that will not enable achievement of the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy, includ-ing— ‘‘(A) requests funding for Federal law en-forcement activities that do not adequately compensate for transfers of drug enforce-ment resources and personnel to law enforce-ment and investigation activities; ‘‘(B) requests funding for law enforcement activities on the borders of the United States that do not adequately direct resources to drug interdiction and enforcement; ‘‘(C) requests funding for substance use dis-order treatment activities that do not pro-vide adequate results and accountability measures; ‘‘(D) requests funding for substance use disorder treatment activities that do not adequately support and enhance Federal sub-stance use disorder programs and capacity; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5307 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(E) requests funding for the operations and management of the Department of Homeland Security that does not include a specific request for funds for the Office of Counternarcotics Enforcement to carry out its responsibilities under section 878 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 458). ‘‘(4) A
GENCY RESPONSE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of a National Drug Control Program Agency that receives a description under paragraph (2)(A) shall in-clude the funding levels and initiatives de-scribed by the Director in the budget submis-sion for that agency to the Office of Manage-ment and Budget. ‘‘(B) I
MPACT STATEMENT .—The head of a National Drug Control Program Agency that has altered its budget submission under this paragraph shall include as an appendix to the budget submission for that agency to the Office of Management and Budget an impact statement that summarizes— ‘‘(i) the changes made to the budget under this paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) the impact of those changes on the ability of that agency to perform its other responsibilities, including any impact on specific missions or programs of the agency. ‘‘(C) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The head of a National Drug Control Program Agency shall submit a copy of any impact statement under subparagraph (B) to the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the appropriate congressional committees, at the time the budget for that agency is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a). ‘‘(5) C
ERTIFICATION OF BUDGET SUBMIS -
SIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—At the time the head of a National Drug Control Program Agency submits its budget request to the Office of Management and Budget, the head of the Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency shall submit a copy of the budget request to the Director. ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW AND CERTIFICATION OF SUBMIS -
SIONS .—The Director shall review each budg-et submission submitted under subparagraph (A) and submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees one of the following: ‘‘(i) A written certification of the budget submission for the agency indicating such request fully funds the National Drug Con-trol Programs as necessary to achieve the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy, including a written statement explaining the basis for the determination that the budget submission provides sufficient resources for the agency to achieve the goals of the Strat-egy. ‘‘(ii) A written certification of the budget submission for the agency indicating such request partially funds the National Drug Control Programs as necessary to achieve the goals of the Strategy, including a writ-ten statement explaining the basis for the determination to certify the budget submis-sion and identifying the level of funding suf-ficient to achieve the goals of the Strategy. ‘‘(iii) A written decertification of the budg-et submission for the agency indicating the Director is unable to determine whether such budget submission for the agency fully funds or partially funds the National Drug Control Programs as necessary to achieve the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy, including a written statement identifying the additional information nec-essary for the Director to make a determina-tion on such budget submission and the level of funding sufficient to achieve the goals of the Strategy. ‘‘(iv) A written decertification of the budg-et submission for the agency indicating that such budget is insufficient to fund the Na-tional Drug Control Programs as necessary to achieve the goals of the Strategy, includ-ing a written statement explaining the basis for the determination that the budget is in-sufficient and identifying the level of fund-ing sufficient to achieve the goals of the Strategy. ‘‘(d) NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAM  B
UDGET PROPOSAL .—For each fiscal year, fol-lowing the transmission of proposed drug control budget requests to the Director under subsection (b), the Director shall, in consultation with the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency and the head of each major national organization that represents law enforcement officers, agen-cies, or associations— ‘‘(1) develop a consolidated National Drug Control Program budget proposal designed to implement the National Drug Control Strat-egy and to inform Congress and the public about the total amount proposed to be spent on all supply reduction, demand reduction, State, local, and Tribal affairs, including any drug law enforcement, and other drug control activities by the Federal Govern-ment, which shall conform to the content re-quirements set forth in subsection (b)(3) and include— ‘‘(A) for each National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency, a list of whether the funding level is full, partial, or insufficient to achieve the goals of the National Drug Con-trol Strategy or whether the Director is un-able to make such determination; ‘‘(B) a statement describing the extent to which any budget of a National Drug Control Program Agency with less than full funding hinders progress on achieving the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy; and ‘‘(C) alternative funding structures that could improve progress on achieving the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy; and ‘‘(2) submit the consolidated budget pro-posal to the President and Congress. ‘‘(e) B
UDGET ESTIMATE OR REQUEST SUBMIS -
SION TO CONGRESS .—Whenever the Director submits any budget estimate or request to the President or the Office of Management and Budget, the Director shall concurrently transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a detailed statement of the budgetary needs of the Office to execute its mission based on the good-faith assessment of the Director. ‘‘(f) R
EPROGRAMMING AND TRANSFER RE-
QUESTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No National Drug Con-trol Program Agency shall submit to Con-gress a reprogramming or transfer request with respect to any amount of appropriated funds in an amount exceeding $1,000,000 that is included in the National Drug Control Program budget unless the request has been approved by the Director. If the Director has not responded to a request for reprogram-ming subject to this paragraph within 30 days after receiving notice of the request having been made, the request shall be deemed approved by the Director under this paragraph and forwarded to Congress. ‘‘(2) A
PPEAL .—The head of any National Drug Control Program Agency may appeal to the President any disapproval by the Direc-tor of a reprogramming or transfer request under this subsection. ‘‘§ 1005. National drug control strategy ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) S
TATEMENT OF DRUG POLICY PRIOR -
ITIES .—The Director shall release a state-ment of drug control policy priorities in the calendar year of a Presidential inauguration following the inauguration but not later than April 1. ‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL DRUG CONTROL STRATEGY  
SUBMITTED BY THE PRESIDENT .—Not later than the first Monday in February following the year in which the term of the President commences, the President shall submit to Congress a National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(b) DEVELOPMENT OF THE NATIONAL DRUG C
ONTROL STRATEGY .— ‘‘(1) P
ROMULGATION .—The Director shall promulgate the National Drug Control Strat-egy, which shall set forth a comprehensive plan to reduce illicit drug use and the con-sequences of such illicit drug use in the United States by limiting the availability of and reducing the demand for illegal drugs and promoting prevention, early interven-tion, treatment, and recovery support for in-dividuals with substance use disorders. ‘‘(2) S
TATE AND LOCAL COMMITMENT .—The Director shall seek the support and commit-ment of State, local, and Tribal officials in the formulation and implementation of the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(3) S
TRATEGY BASED ON EVIDENCE .—The Director shall ensure the National Drug Con-trol Strategy is based on the best available medical and scientific evidence regarding the policies that are most effective in reducing the demand for and supply of illegal drugs. ‘‘(4) P
ROCESS FOR DEVELOPMENT AND SUB -
MISSION OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL STRAT -
EGY.—In developing and effectively imple-menting the National Drug Control Strat-egy, the Director— ‘‘(A) shall consult with— ‘‘(i) the heads of the National Drug Control Program Agencies; ‘‘(ii) each Coordinator established under this chapter; ‘‘(iii) the Interdiction Committee, the Treatment Committee, and the Emerging Threats Task Force; ‘‘(iv) the appropriate congressional com-mittees and any other committee of jurisdic-tion; ‘‘(v) State, local, and Tribal officials; ‘‘(vi) private citizens and organizations, in-cluding community and faith-based organi-zations, with experience and expertise in de-mand reduction; ‘‘(vii) private citizens and organizations with experience and expertise in supply re-duction; and ‘‘(viii) appropriate representatives of for-eign governments; and ‘‘(B) in satisfying the requirements of sub-paragraph (A), shall ensure, to the maximum extent possible, that State, local, and Tribal officials and relevant private organizations commit to support and take steps to achieve the goals and objectives of the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS OF THE NATIONAL DRUGCON-
TROL STRATEGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The National Drug Con-trol Strategy submitted under subsection (a)(2) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the current preva-lence of illicit drug use in the United States, including both the availability of illicit drugs and the prevalence of substance use disorders, which shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Such description for the previous three years for any drug identified as an emerging threat under section 1009 and any other il-licit drug identified by the Director as hav-ing a significant impact on the prevalence of illicit drug use. ‘‘(ii) A summary of the data and trends presented in the Drug Control Data Dash-board required under section 1013. ‘‘(B) A mission statement detailing the major functions of the National Drug Con-trol Program. ‘‘(C) A list of comprehensive, research- based, long-range, quantifiable goals for re-ducing illicit drug use, including— ‘‘(i) the percentage of the total flow of il-licit drugs to be interdicted during the time period covered by the Strategy; and ‘‘(ii) the number of individuals to receive substance use disorder treatment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5308 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(D) A description of how each goal estab-lished under subparagraph (C) will be achieved, including for each goal— ‘‘(i) a list of each relevant National Drug Control Program Agency and each such agency’s related programs, activities, and available assets and the role of each such program, activity, and asset in achieving such goal; ‘‘(ii) a list of relevant stakeholders and each such stakeholder’s role in achieving such goal; ‘‘(iii) an estimate of Federal funding and other resources needed to achieve such goal; ‘‘(iv) a list of each existing or new coordi-nating mechanism needed to achieve such goal; and ‘‘(v) a description of the Office’s role in fa-cilitating the achievement of such goal. ‘‘(E) For each year covered by the Strat-egy, a performance evaluation plan for each goal established under subparagraph (C) for each National Drug Control Program Agen-cy, including— ‘‘(i) specific performance measures for each National Drug Control Program Agency and each such agency’s related programs and ac-tivities; ‘‘(ii) annual and, to the extent practicable, quarterly objectives and targets for each per-formance measure; and ‘‘(iii) an estimate of Federal funding and other resources needed to achieve each per-formance objective and target. ‘‘(F) A list identifying existing data sources or a description of data collection needed to evaluate performance, including a description of how the Director will obtain such data. ‘‘(G) A list of any anticipated challenges to achieving the National Drug Control Strat-egy goals and planned actions to address such challenges. ‘‘(H) A description of how each goal estab-lished under subparagraph (C) was deter-mined, including— ‘‘(i) a description of each required con-sultation and a description of how such con-sultation was incorporated; ‘‘(ii) data, research, or other information used to inform the determination to estab-lish the goal; and ‘‘(iii) for any goal established under sub-paragraph (C)(i), a statement of whether the goal will be adequate to disrupt drug traf-ficking organizations that supply the major-ity of foreign-sourced illicit drugs trafficked into the United States. ‘‘(I) A 5-year projection for program and budget priorities. ‘‘(J) A review of international, State, local, and private sector drug control activities to ensure that the United States pursues co-ordinated and effective drug control at all levels of government. ‘‘(K) Such statistical data and information as the Director considers appropriate to demonstrate and assess trends relating to il-licit drug use, the effects and consequences of illicit drug use (including the effects on children), supply reduction, demand reduc-tion, drug-related law enforcement, and the implementation of the National Drug Con-trol Strategy. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL STRATEGIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall in-clude in the National Drug Control Strategy the additional strategies described under this paragraph and shall comply with the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) Provide a copy of the additional strat-egies to the appropriate congressional com-mittees and to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate. ‘‘(ii) Issue the additional strategies in con-sultation with the head of each relevant Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency, any relevant official of a State, local, or Tribal government, and the government of other relevant countries. ‘‘(iii) Not change any existing agency au-thority or construe any strategy described under this paragraph to amend or modify any law governing interagency relationship but may include recommendations about changes to such authority or law. ‘‘(iv) Present separately from the rest of any strategy described under this paragraph any information classified under criteria es-tablished by an Executive order, or whose public disclosure, as determined by the Di-rector or the head of any relevant National Drug Control Program Agency, would be det-rimental to the law enforcement or national security activities of any Federal, State, local, or Tribal agency. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENT FOR SOUTHWEST BORDER  
COUNTERNARCOTICS .— ‘‘(i) P
URPOSES .—The Southwest Border Counternarcotics Strategy shall— ‘‘(I) set forth the Government’s strategy for preventing the illegal trafficking of drugs across the international border between the United States and Mexico, including through ports of entry and between ports of entry on that border; ‘‘(II) state the specific roles and respon-sibilities of the relevant National Drug Con-trol Program Agencies for implementing that strategy; and ‘‘(III) identify the specific resources re-quired to enable the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies to implement that strategy. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CONTENT RELATED TO DRUG  
TUNNELS BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND  
MEXICO .—The Southwest Border Counter-narcotics Strategy shall include— ‘‘(I) a strategy to end the construction and use of tunnels and subterranean passages that cross the international border between the United States and Mexico for the purpose of illegal trafficking of drugs across such border; and ‘‘(II) recommendations for criminal pen-alties for persons who construct or use such a tunnel or subterranean passage for such a purpose. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT FOR NORTHERN BORDER  
COUNTERNARCOTICS STRATEGY .— ‘‘(i) P
URPOSES .—The Northern Border Counternarcotics Strategy shall— ‘‘(I) set forth the strategy of the Federal Government for preventing the illegal traf-ficking of drugs across the international bor-der between the United States and Canada, including through ports of entry and be-tween ports of entry on the border; ‘‘(II) state the specific roles and respon-sibilities of each relevant National Drug Control Program Agency for implementing the strategy; ‘‘(III) identify the specific resources re-quired to enable the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies to implement the strategy; ‘‘(IV) be designed to promote, and not hinder, legitimate trade and travel; and ‘‘(V) reflect the unique nature of small communities along the international border between the United States and Canada, ongo-ing cooperation and coordination with Cana-dian law, enforcement authorities, and vari-ations in the volumes of vehicles and pedes-trians crossing through ports of entry along the international border between the United States and Canada. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CONTENT RELATED TO CROSS - 
BORDER INDIAN RESERVATIONS .—The Northern Border Counternarcotics Strategy shall in-clude— ‘‘(I) a strategy to end the illegal traf-ficking of drugs to or through Indian res-ervations on or near the international border between the United States and Canada; and ‘‘(II) recommendations for additional as-sistance, if any, needed by Tribal law en-forcement agencies relating to the strategy, including an evaluation of Federal technical and financial assistance, infrastructure ca-pacity building, and interoperability defi-ciencies. ‘‘(3) CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Any con-tents of the National Drug Control Strategy that involve information properly classified under criteria established by an Executive order shall be presented to Congress sepa-rately from the rest of the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(4) S
ELECTION OF DATA AND INFORMATION .— In selecting data and information for inclu-sion in the Strategy, the Director shall en-sure— ‘‘(A) the inclusion of data and information that will permit analysis of current trends against previously compiled data and infor-mation where the Director believes such analysis enhances long-term assessment of the National Drug Control Strategy; and ‘‘(B) the inclusion of data and information to permit a standardized and uniform assess-ment of the effectiveness of drug treatment programs in the United States. ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL PERFORMANCE SUPPLEMENT .— Not later than the first Monday in February of each year following the year in which the National Drug Control Strategy is submitted pursuant to subsection (a)(2), the Director shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a supplement to the Strategy that shall include— ‘‘(1) annual and, to the extent practicable, quarterly quantifiable and measurable objec-tives and specific targets to accomplish long- term quantifiable goals specified in the Strategy; and ‘‘(2) for each year covered by the Strategy, a performance evaluation plan for each goal listed in the Strategy for each National Drug Control Program Agency, including— ‘‘(A) specific performance measures for each National Drug Control Program Agency and each such agency’s related programs and activities; ‘‘(B) annual and, to the extent practicable, quarterly objectives and targets for each per-formance measure; and ‘‘(C) an estimate of Federal funding and other resources needed to achieve each per-formance objective and target. ‘‘(e) S
UBMISSION OF REVISED STRATEGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President may sub-mit to Congress a revised National Drug Control Strategy that meets the require-ments of this section— ‘‘(A) at any time, upon a determination of the President, in consultation with the Di-rector, that the National Drug Control Strategy in effect is not sufficiently effec-tive; or ‘‘(B) if a new President or Director takes office. ‘‘(2) N
O SUBMISSION .—In each year the President does not submit a National Drug Control Strategy or a revised National Drug Control Strategy, the Director shall evaluate the efficacy and appropriateness of the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy and include a statement affirming the adequacy of the goals in the performance supplement under subsection (d). ‘‘(f) F
AILURE OF PRESIDENT TO SUBMIT NA-
TIONAL DRUG CONTROL STRATEGY .—If the President does not submit a National Drug Control Strategy to Congress in accordance with subsection (a)(2), not later than five days after the first Monday in February fol-lowing the year in which the term of the President commences, the President shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5309 June 20, 2018 
send a notification to the appropriate con-gressional committees— ‘‘(1) explaining why the Strategy was not submitted; and ‘‘(2) specifying the date by which the Strategy will be submitted. ‘‘§ 1006. Development of an annual national drug control assessment ‘‘(a) T
IMING .—Not later than the first Mon-day in February of each year, the Director shall submit to the President, Congress, and the appropriate congressional committees, a report assessing the progress of each Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency toward achieving each goal, objective, and target contained in the National Drug Control Strategy applicable to the prior fiscal year. ‘‘(b) P
ROCESS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF THE AN-
NUAL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than Novem-ber 1 of each year, the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency shall submit, in accordance with guidance issued by the Director, to the Director an evaluation of progress by the agency with respect to the National Drug Control Strategy goals using the performance measures for the agency de-veloped under this chapter, including progress with respect to— ‘‘(1) success in achieving the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy; ‘‘(2) success in reducing domestic and for-eign sources of illegal drugs; ‘‘(3) success in expanding access to and in-creasing the effectiveness of substance use disorder treatment; ‘‘(4) success in protecting the borders of the United States (and in particular the Southwestern border of the United States) from penetration by illegal narcotics; ‘‘(5) success in reducing crime associated with drug use in the United States; ‘‘(6) success in reducing the negative health and social consequences of drug use in the United States; and ‘‘(7) implementation of substance use dis-order treatment and prevention programs in the United States and improvements in the adequacy and effectiveness of such programs. ‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS OF THE ANNUAL ASSESS -
MENT .—The Director shall include in the an-nual assessment required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) a summary of each evaluation received by the Director under subsection (b); ‘‘(2) a summary of the progress of each Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency toward the National Drug Control Strategy goals of the agency using the performance measures for the agency developed under this chapter; ‘‘(3) an assessment of the effectiveness of each National Drug Control Program Agency and program in achieving the National Drug Control Strategy for the previous year, in-cluding a specific evaluation of whether the applicable goals, measures, objectives, and targets for the previous year were met; ‘‘(4) for each National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency that administers grant pro-grams, an evaluation of the effectiveness of each grant program, including an accounting of the funds disbursed by the program in the prior year and a summary of how those funds were used by the grantees and sub-grantees during that period; ‘‘(5) a detailed accounting of the amount of funds obligated by each National Drug Con-trol Program Agency in carrying out the re-sponsibilities of that agency under the Strat-egy; ‘‘(6) an assessment of the effectiveness of any Emerging Threat Response Plan in ef-fect for the previous year, including a spe-cific evaluation of whether the objectives and targets were met and reasons for the success or failure of the previous year’s plan; ‘‘(7) a detailed accounting of the amount of funds obligated during the previous fiscal year for carrying out the campaign under section 1009(d), including each recipient of funds, the purpose of each expenditure, the amount of each expenditure, any available outcome information, and any other infor-mation necessary to provide a complete ac-counting of the funds expended; and ‘‘(8) the assessments required under this subsection shall be based on the Performance Measurement System describe in subsection (d). ‘‘(d) PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT SYS-
TEM.—The Director shall include in the an-nual assessment required under subsection (a) a national drug control performance measurement system, that— ‘‘(1) develops annual, 2-year, and 5-year performance measures, objectives, and tar-gets for each National Drug Control Strat-egy goal and objective established for reduc-ing drug use, availability, and the con-sequences of drug use; ‘‘(2) describes the sources of information and data that will be used for each perform-ance measure incorporated into the perform-ance measurement system; ‘‘(3) identifies major programs and activi-ties of the National Drug Control Program Agencies that support the goals and annual objectives of the National Drug Control Strategy; ‘‘(4) evaluates the contribution of demand reduction and supply reduction activities implemented by each National Drug Control Program Agency in support of the National Drug Control Strategy; ‘‘(5) monitors consistency between the drug-related goals, measures, targets, and objectives of the National Drug Control Pro-gram Agencies and ensures that each agen-cy’s goals and budgets support, and are fully consistent with, the National Drug Control Strategy; and ‘‘(6) coordinates the development and im-plementation of national drug control data collection and reporting systems to support policy formulation and performance meas-urement, including an assessment of— ‘‘(A) the quality of current drug use meas-urement instruments and techniques to measure supply reduction and demand reduc-tion activities; ‘‘(B) the adequacy of the coverage of exist-ing national drug use measurement instru-ments and techniques to measure the illicit drug user population and groups that are at risk for illicit drug use; ‘‘(C) the adequacy of the coverage of exist-ing national treatment outcome monitoring systems to measure the effectiveness of sub-stance use disorder treatment in reducing il-licit drug use and criminal behavior during and after the completion of substance use disorder treatment; and ‘‘(D) the actions the Director shall take to correct any deficiencies and limitations identified pursuant to subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C). ‘‘(e) M
ODIFICATIONS .—A description of any modifications made during the preceding year to the national drug performance meas-urement system described in subsection (d) shall be included in each report submitted under subsection (a). ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL REPORT ON CONSULTATION .— The Director shall include in the annual as-sessment required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) a detailed description of how the Of-fice has consulted with and assisted State, local, and Tribal governments with respect to the formulation and implementation of the National Drug Control Strategy and other relevant issues; and ‘‘(2) a general review of the status of, and trends in, demand reduction activities by private sector entities and community-based organizations, including faith-based organi-zations, to determine their effectiveness and the extent of cooperation, coordination, and mutual support between such entities and organizations and Federal, State, local, and Tribal government agencies. ‘‘(g) PERFORMANCE -BUDGET COORDINATOR .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATION .—The Director shall des-ignate or appoint a United States Perform-ance-Budget Coordinator to— ‘‘(A) ensure the Director has sufficient in-formation necessary to analyze the perform-ance of each National Drug Control Program Agency, the impact Federal funding has had on the goals in the Strategy, and the likely contributions to the goals of the Strategy based on funding levels of each National Drug Control Program Agency, to make an independent assessment of the budget re-quest of each agency under section 1004; ‘‘(B) advise the Director on agency budg-ets, performance measures and targets, and additional data and research needed to make informed policy decisions under sections 1004 and 1005; and ‘‘(C) other duties as may be determined by the Director with respect to measuring or as-sessing performance or agency budgets. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF POSITION .—The Di- rector shall determine whether the coordi-nator position is a noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service or a career ap-pointee at the GS–15 level (or equivalent) or above. ‘‘§ 1007. Monitoring and evaluation of na-tional drug control program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall mon-itor implementation of the National Drug Control Program and the activities of the National Drug Control Program Agencies in carrying out the goals and objectives of the National Drug Control Strategy including— ‘‘(1) conducting program and performance audits and evaluations; and ‘‘(2) requesting assistance from the Inspec-tor General of the relevant agency in such audits and evaluations. ‘‘(b) A
CCOUNTING OF FUNDS EXPENDED .—(1) Not later than February 1 of each year, in accordance with guidance issued by the Di-rector, the head of each National Drug Con-trol Program Agency shall submit to the Di-rector a detailed accounting of all funds ex-pended by the agency for National Drug Con-trol Program activities during the previous fiscal year and shall ensure such detailed ac-counting is authenticated for the previous fiscal year by the Inspector General for such agency prior to the submission to the Direc-tor as frequently as determined by the In-spector General but not less frequently that every three years. ‘‘(2) The Director shall submit to Congress not later than April 1 of each year the infor-mation submitted to the Director under paragraph (1). ‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—The Director shall no-tify any National Drug Control Program Agency if its activities are not in compliance with the responsibilities of the agency under the National Drug Control Strategy, trans-mit a copy of each such notification to the President and the appropriate congressional committees, and maintain a copy of each such notification. ‘‘(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The Director shall make such recommendations to the President and the appropriate congressional committees as the Director determines are appropriate regarding changes in the organi-zation, management, and budgets of the Na-tional Drug Control Program Agencies, and changes in the allocation of personnel to and within those agencies, to implement the policies, goals, objectives, and priorities es-tablished under section 1002(c)(1) and the Na-tional Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION , DEVELOPMENT , ANDIM-
PLEMENTATION OF A COORDINATED TRACKING  S
YSTEM .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5310 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall establish a coordinated tracking system of federally-funded initiatives and grant pro-grams which shall— ‘‘(A) be the central repository of all drug control grants; ‘‘(B) identify duplication, overlap, or gaps in funding to provide increased account-ability of federally-funded grants for sub-stance use disorder treatment, prevention, and enforcement; ‘‘(C) identify impediments that applicants currently have in the grant application proc-ess with applicable agencies; and ‘‘(D) be developed and maintained by the Office with the support of designated Na-tional Drug Control Program Agencies and any other agency determined by the Direc-tor. ‘‘(2) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—The Director shall identify metrics and achievable goals for grant recipients in furtherance of the Strategy. Such metrics shall be used to measure how effective each federally funded initiative is in achieving the objectives of the Strategy and to enable comparisons of federally funded initiatives to identify those that are the most cost effective. ‘‘(3) G
RANT APPLICATION STANDARDIZA -
TION.—To reduce the administrative burden on grant applicants and improve oversight of Federal funds, the Director, in consultation with the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency, shall develop a plan for co-ordinating and standardizing drug control grant application processes and develop a joint application to be used by all National Drug Control Program Agencies. ‘‘(4) C
ENTRAL PORTAL .—The Director shall maintain on the public, electronic portal of the Office a list all drug control grant pro-grams available in a central location. The head of each National Drug Control Program Agency shall provide a complete list of all drug control program grant programs to the Director and annually update such list. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director shall include in the assessment submitted to Congress under section 1006 an assessment on progress under this section. ‘‘§ 1008. Coordination and oversight of the na-tional drug control program ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall co-ordinate and oversee the implementation by the National Drug Control Program Agencies of the policies, goals, objectives, and prior-ities established under section 1002(c)(1) and the fulfillment of the responsibilities of such agencies under the National Drug Control Strategy and make recommendations to Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency heads with respect to implementation of National Drug Control Programs. ‘‘(b) D
ETAILING EMPLOYEES TO OTHER AGEN-
CIES.— ‘‘(1) R
EQUEST .—The Director may request the head of an agency or program of the Fed-eral Government to place agency personnel who are engaged in drug control activities on temporary detail to another agency in order to implement the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(2) A
GENCY COMPLIANCE .—The head of the agency shall comply with any request made under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF DETAILEES .—The maximum number of personnel who may be detailed to another agency (including the Of-fice) under this subsection during any fiscal year is— ‘‘(A) for the Department of Defense, 50; and ‘‘(B) for any other agency, 10. ‘‘(c) D
IRECTING FEDERAL FUNDING .—The Di- rector may transfer funds made available to a National Drug Control Program Agency for National Drug Control Strategy programs and activities to another account within such agency or to another National Drug Control Program Agency for National Drug Control Strategy programs and activities, except that— ‘‘(1) the authority under this subsection may be limited in an annual appropriations Act or other provision of Federal law; ‘‘(2) the Director may exercise the author-ity under this subsection only with the con-currence of the head of each affected agency; ‘‘(3) in the case of an interagency transfer, the total amount of transfers under this sub-section may not exceed 3 percent of the total amount of funds made available for National Drug Control Strategy programs and activi-ties to the agency from which those funds are to be transferred; ‘‘(4) funds transferred to an agency under this subsection may only be used to increase the funding for programs or activities au-thorized by law; ‘‘(5) the Director shall— ‘‘(A) submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and any other applicable committee of jurisdiction, a reprogramming or transfer request in advance of any trans-fer under this subsection in accordance with the regulations of each affected agency; and ‘‘(B) annually submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describ-ing the effect of all transfers of funds made pursuant to this subsection or section 1004(f) during the 12-month period preceding the date on which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(6) funds may only be used for— ‘‘(A) expansion of demand reduction activi-ties; ‘‘(B) interdiction of illicit drugs on the high seas, in United States territorial waters, and at United States ports of entry by officers and employees of National Drug Control Program Agencies and domestic and foreign law enforcement officers; ‘‘(C) accurate assessment and monitoring of international drug production and inter-diction programs and policies; ‘‘(D) activities to facilitate and enhance the sharing of domestic and foreign intel-ligence information among National Drug Control Program Agencies related to the production and trafficking of drugs in the United States and foreign countries; ‘‘(E) activities to prevent the diversion of prescription drugs for illicit use; and ‘‘(F) research related to any of these ac-tivities. ‘‘(d) DIRECTING FEDERAL FUNDING TO RE-
SPOND TO EMERGING THREATS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may trans-fer funds made available to a National Drug Control Program Agency for National Drug Control Strategy programs and activities to another account within such agency or to another National Drug Control Program Agency for National Drug Control Strategy programs and activities to implement the provisions of a plan developed under section 1009, except that— ‘‘(A) the authority under this subsection may be limited in an annual appropriations Act or other provision of Federal law; ‘‘(B) the Director may exercise the author-ity under this subsection only with the con-currence of the head of each affected agency; ‘‘(C) in the case of an interagency transfer, the total amount of transfers under this sub-section may not exceed 10 percent of the total amount of funds made available for Na-tional Drug Control Strategy programs and activities to the agency from which those funds are to be transferred; ‘‘(D) funds transferred to an agency under this subsection may only be used to increase the funding for programs or activities au-thorized by law; ‘‘(E) no transfer of funds under this sub-section may result in a reduction in total Federal expenditures for substance use dis-order treatment; ‘‘(F) the Director shall— ‘‘(i) submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and any other applicable committee of jurisdiction, a reprogramming or transfer request in advance of any trans-fer under this subsection in accordance with the regulations of each affected agency; and ‘‘(ii) annually submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describ-ing the effect of all transfers of funds made pursuant to this subsection or section 1004(f) during the 12-month period preceding the date on which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(G) funds may only be used for— ‘‘(i) expansion of demand reduction activi-ties; ‘‘(ii) interdiction of illicit drugs on the high seas, in United States territorial waters, and at United States ports of entry by officers and employees of National Drug Control Program Agencies and domestic and foreign law enforcement officers; ‘‘(iii) accurate assessment and monitoring of international drug production and inter-diction programs and policies; ‘‘(iv) activities to facilitate and enhance the sharing of domestic and foreign intel-ligence information among National Drug Control Program Agencies related to the production and trafficking of drugs in the United States and foreign countries; ‘‘(v) activities to prevent the diversion of prescription drugs for illicit use; and ‘‘(vi) research related to any of these ac-tivities. ‘‘(2) INADEQUACY OF TRANSFER .—In the event the authority under this subsection is inadequate to implement the provisions of a plan developed under section 1009, the Direc-tor shall submit a request for funding to the appropriate congressional committees with-in 30 days after the date on which the Direc-tor determines there is a need for additional funding. ‘‘(e) F
UNDCONTROL NOTICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may issue to the head of a National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency a fund control notice to ensure compliance with the National Drug Control Program Strategy. A fund control notice may direct that all or part of an amount ap-propriated to the National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency account be obligated by— ‘‘(A) months, fiscal year quarters, or other time periods; and ‘‘(B) activities, functions, projects, or ob-ject classes. ‘‘(2) U
NAUTHORIZED OBLIGATION OR EXPENDI -
TURE PROHIBITED .—An officer or employee of a National Drug Control Program Agency shall not make or authorize an expenditure or obligation contrary to a fund control no-tice issued by the Director. ‘‘(3) D
ISCIPLINARY ACTION FOR VIOLATION .— In the case of a violation of paragraph (2) by an officer or employee of a National Drug Control Program Agency, the head of the agency, upon the request of and in consulta-tion with the Director, may subject the offi-cer or employee to appropriate administra-tive discipline, including, when cir-cumstances warrant, suspension from duty without pay or removal from office. ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE .—Not later than 5 days after issuance of a fund control notice, the Director shall submit a copy of such fund control notice to the appropriate congressional committees and make such no-tice publicly available. ‘‘(5) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The Director may not issue a fund control notice to direct that all or part of an amount appropriated to the Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency ac-count be obligated, modified, or altered in any manner contrary, in whole or in part, to a specific appropriation or statute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5311 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(f) E XCLUSIONS .—The authorities de-scribed under subsections (c), (d), and (e) do not apply to any program under subchapter II or III. ‘‘(g) F
OREIGN ASSISTANCE ACTPARTICIPA -
TION.—The Director may participate in the drug certification process pursuant to sec-tion 490 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291j) and section 706 of the De-partment of State Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2003 (22 U.S.C. 229j–l). ‘‘(h) C
ERTIFICATIONS OF POLICY CHANGES TO  D
IRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the head of a National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency shall, unless exigent cir-cumstances require otherwise, notify the Di-rector in writing regarding any proposed change in policies relating to the activities of that agency under the National Drug Con-trol Program prior to implementation of such change. The Director shall promptly re-view such proposed change and certify to the head of that agency in writing whether such change is consistent with the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If prior notice of a pro-posed change under paragraph (1) is not prac-ticable— ‘‘(A) the head of the National Drug Control Program Agency shall notify the Director of the proposed change as soon as practicable; and ‘‘(B) upon such notification, the Director shall review the change and certify to the head of that agency in writing whether the change is consistent with the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(i) W
ORK IN CONJUNCTION WITHASSISTANT  
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AFFAIRS .—The Di- rector shall, in any matter affecting national security interests, work in conjunction with the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORITIES NOTDEROGATED .—Noth- ing in this chapter shall be construed as derogating the authorities and responsibil-ities of the head of any agency, the Director of National Intelligence, or the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency contained in the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.), the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 403a et seq.), or any other law. ‘‘§ 1009. Emerging threats task force, plan, campaign ‘‘(a) E
MERGING THREATS TASKFORCE .— ‘‘(1) E
MERGING AND CONTINUING THREATS CO -
ORDINATOR .—The Director shall designate or appoint a United States Emerging and Con-tinuing Threats Coordinator to perform the duties of that position described in this sec-tion and such other duties as may be deter-mined by the Director. The Director shall de-termine whether the coordinator position is a noncareer appointee in the Senior Execu-tive Service or a career appointee at the GS– 15 level (or equivalent) or above. ‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT AND MONITORING .—The Emerging and Continuing Threats Coordi-nator (referred to in this section as the ‘Co-ordinator’) shall monitor evolving and emerging drug threats in the United States and shall serve as Chair of an Emerging Threats Task Force (in this section, referred to as the ‘task force’). The Director shall ap-point other members of the task force, which shall include— ‘‘(A) representatives from National Drug Control Program Agencies or other agencies; ‘‘(B) representatives from State, local, and Tribal governments; ‘‘(C) the Director of the National Drug Control Fusion Center established in section 1013; and ‘‘(D) representatives from other entities as determined to be necessary by the Director. ‘‘(3) INFORMATION REVIEW AND SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The task force shall dis-seminate and facilitate the sharing with Federal, State, local, and Tribal officials and other entities as determined by the Director of pertinent information and data relating to the following: ‘‘(i) Recent trends in drug supply and de-mand. ‘‘(ii) Fatal and nonfatal overdoses. ‘‘(iii) Demand for and availability of evi-dence-based substance use disorder treat-ment, including the extent of the unmet treatment need, and treatment admission trends. ‘‘(iv) Recent trends in drug interdiction, supply, and demand from State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(v) Other subject matter as determined necessary by the Director. ‘‘(B) C
ONTRACT , AGREEMENT , AND OTHER AU -
THORITY .—The Director may award con-tracts, enter into interagency agreements, manage individual projects, and conduct other activities in support of the identifica-tion of emerging drug threats and in support of the development, implementation, and as-sessment of any Emerging Threat Response Plan. ‘‘(C) D
ATA ANALYSIS ACTIVITIES .—In sup- port of the task force, the National Drug Control Fusion Center is authorized to con-duct and provide to the task force the results of data analysis activities that the task force requests to aid in their review of recent trends in the data disseminated under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(4) C
RITERIA TO IDENTIFY EMERGING DRUG  
THREATS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a task force first meets, the task force shall develop and recommend to the Director criteria to be used to identify an emerging drug threat or the termination of an emerging drug threat designation based on information gathered by the task force in paragraph (2), statistical data, and other evi-dence. ‘‘(5) M
EETINGS .—The task force shall meet in person not less frequently than quarterly and at additional meetings if determined to be necessary by and at the call of the Chair to— ‘‘(A) identify and discuss evolving and emerging drug trends in the United States using the criteria established in paragraph (3); ‘‘(B) assist in the formulation of any plan described in subsection (c); ‘‘(C) oversee implementation of the plan described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(D) provide such other advice to the Coor-dinator and Director concerning strategy and policies for emerging drug threats and trends as the task force determines to be ap-propriate. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director, in con-sultation with the Coordinator, the task force, and the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency, may designate an emerging drug threat in the United States. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS FOR DESIGNATION .—The Di- rector, in consultation with the Coordinator, shall promulgate and make publicly avail-able standards by which a designation under paragraph (1) and the termination of such designation may be made. In developing such standards, the Director shall consider the recommendations of the task force and other criteria the Director considers to be appro-priate. ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC STATEMENT REQUIRED .—The Di- rector shall publish a public written state-ment on the portal of the Office explaining the designation of an emerging drug threat or the termination of such designation and shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of the availability of such state-ment when a designation or termination of such designation has been made. ‘‘(c) PLAN.— ‘‘(1) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF PLAN .—Not later than 60 days after making a designa-tion under subsection (b), the Director shall publish and make publicly available an Emerging Threat Response Plan and notify the President and the appropriate congres-sional committees of such plan’s avail-ability. ‘‘(2) T
IMING .—Not less frequently than every 90 days after the date on which the plan is published under paragraph (1), the Di-rector shall update the plan and report on implementation of the plan, until the Direc-tor issues the public statement required under subsection (b)(3) to terminate the emerging drug threat designation. ‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF AN EMERGING THREAT RE -
SPONSE PLAN .—The Director shall include in the plan— ‘‘(A) a comprehensive strategic assessment of the emerging drug threat, including the current availability of, demand for, and ef-fectiveness of evidence-based prevention, treatment, and enforcement programs and efforts to respond to the emerging drug threat; ‘‘(B) comprehensive, research-based, long- range, quantifiable goals for addressing the emerging drug threat, including for reducing the supply of the drug designated as the emerging drug threat and for expanding the availability and effectiveness of evidence- based substance use disorder treatment and prevention programs to reduce the demand for the emerging drug threat; ‘‘(C) performance measures pertaining to the plan’s goals, including quantifiable and measurable objectives and specific targets; ‘‘(D) the level of funding needed to imple-ment the plan, including whether funding is available to be reprogrammed or transferred to support implementation of the plan or whether additional appropriations are nec-essary to implement the plan; ‘‘(E) an implementation strategy for the education and public awareness campaign under subsection (d), including goals as de-scribed under subparagraph (B) and perform-ance measures, objectives, and targets, as de-scribed under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(F) any other information necessary to inform the public of the status, progress, or response of an emerging drug threat. ‘‘(4) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a designation is made under subsection (b), the Director, in consultation with the President, the appro-priate congressional committees, and the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency, shall issue guidance on implementa-tion of the plan described in this subsection to the National Drug Control Program Agen-cies and any other relevant agency deter-mined to be necessary by the Director. ‘‘(B) C
OORDINATOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Coordinator shall— ‘‘(i) direct the implementation of the plan among the agencies identified in the plan, State, local, and Tribal governments, and other relevant entities; ‘‘(ii) facilitate information-sharing be-tween agencies identified in the plan, State, local, and Tribal governments, and other rel-evant entities; and ‘‘(iii) monitor implementation of the plan by coordinating the development and imple-mentation of collection and reporting sys-tems to support performance measurement and adherence to the plan by agencies identi-fied in plan, where appropriate. ‘‘(C) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which a designation is made under subsection (b) and in accordance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5312 June 20, 2018 
with paragraph (2)(C), the head of each agen-cy identified in the plan shall submit to the Coordinator a report on implementation of the plan. ‘‘(d) E
DUCATION AND PUBLIC AWARENESS  C
AMPAIGN FOR EMERGING DRUGTHREATS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which a designation is made under subsection (b), the Director shall, to the extent feasible and appropriate, establish and implement an evidence-based substance use prevention education and pub-lic awareness campaign to inform the public about the dangers of any drug designated as an emerging drug threat. Such campaign shall— ‘‘(A) educate the public about the dangers of such drug, including patient and family education about the characteristics and haz-ards of such drug and methods to safeguard against such dangers, including the safe dis-posal of such drug; ‘‘(B) support evidence-based prevention programs targeting audiences’ attitudes, per-ceptions, and beliefs concerning substance use and intentions to initiate or continue such use; ‘‘(C) increase awareness of the negative consequences of drug use; ‘‘(D) encourage individuals affected by sub-stance use disorders to seek treatment and provide such individuals with information on how to recognize addiction issues, what forms of evidence-based treatment options are available, and how to access such treat-ment; and ‘‘(E) combat the stigma of addiction and substance use disorders, including the stig-ma of treating such disorders with medica-tion-assisted treatment therapies. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—For the planning of the campaign under paragraph (1), the Direc-tor shall consult with— ‘‘(A) the head of any appropriate National Drug Control Program Agency to obtain ad-vice on evidence-based scientific information for policy, program development, and eval-uation; ‘‘(B) experts in evidence-based media cam-paigns, education, evaluation, and commu-nication; ‘‘(C) experts on the designated drug; ‘‘(D) State, local, and Tribal government officials and relevant agencies; ‘‘(E) the public; ‘‘(F) appropriate congressional commit-tees; and ‘‘(G) any other affected person, as deter-mined by the Director. ‘‘(3) G
IFTS AND DONATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director may ac-cept gifts and donations (in cash or in kind, including voluntary and uncompensated services or property), which shall be avail-able until expended, for the purpose of sup-porting the education and public awareness campaign authorized in this section, includ-ing the media campaign. ‘‘(B) E
THICS GUIDELINES .—The Director shall establish written guidelines setting forth the criteria to be used in determining whether a gift or donation should be declined under this section because the acceptance of the gift or donation would— ‘‘(i) reflect unfavorably upon the ability of the Director or the Office, or any employee of the Office, to carry out responsibilities or official duties under this chapter in a fair and objective manner; or ‘‘(ii) compromise the integrity or the ap-pearance of integrity of programs or services provided under this chapter or of any official involved in those programs or services. ‘‘(4) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For any campaign es-tablished under this subsection, the Director shall ensure the following: ‘‘(i) Implementation is evidence-based, meets accepted standards for public aware-ness campaigns, and uses available resources in a manner to make the most progress to-ward achieving the goals identified in the Emerging Threats Response Plan and the re-quirements of paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) Information disseminated through the campaign is accurate. ‘‘(iii) The Director approves the strategy of the campaign, all material distributed through the campaign, and the use of any Federal funds used for the campaign. ‘‘(iv) The campaign is designed using strat-egies found to be most effective at achieving such goals and requirements of paragraph (1), which may include— ‘‘(I) a media campaign, as described in sub-paragraph (B); ‘‘(II) local, regional, or population specific messaging; ‘‘(III) establishing partnerships and pro-moting coordination among community stakeholders, including public, nonprofit or-ganizations, and for profit entities; ‘‘(IV) providing support, training, and technical assistance to establish and expand school and community prevention programs; ‘‘(V) creating websites to publicize and dis-seminate information; ‘‘(VI) conducting outreach and providing educational resources for parents; ‘‘(VII) establishing State or regional advi-sory councils to provide input and rec-ommendations to raise awareness regarding the drug designated as an emerging drug threat; ‘‘(VIII) collaborating with law enforce-ment; and ‘‘(IX) support for school-based public health education classes to improve teen knowledge about the effects of such des-ignated drug. ‘‘(B) MEDIA CAMPAIGN .—Any campaign im-plemented under this subsection may include a media component, which— ‘‘(i) shall be designed to prevent the use of the drug designated as an emerging drug threat and to achieve the goals and require-ments of paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) shall be carried out through competi-tively awarded contracts to entities pro-viding for the professional production and design of such campaign; and ‘‘(iii) may include the use of television, radio, Internet, social media, and other com-mercial marketing venues and may be tar-geted to specific age groups based on peer-re-viewed social research. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED NOTICE FOR COMMUNICATION  
FROM THE OFFICE .—Any communication, in-cluding an advertisement, paid for or other-wise disseminated by the Office directly or through a contract awarded by the Office shall include a prominent notice informing the audience that the communication was paid for by of the Office. ‘‘(5) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(A) P
ERFORMANCE EVALUATION .—The Di- rector shall include an evaluation of the campaign in the annual assessment under section 1006, which shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A performance evaluation of the cam-paign, including progress toward meeting the goals, objectives, measures, and targets iden-tified in the Emerging Threats Response Plan. ‘‘(ii) A description of all policies and prac-tices to eliminate the potential for waste, fraud, abuse, and to ensure Federal funds are used responsibly. ‘‘(iii) A list of all contracts or other agree-ments entered into to implement the cam-paign. ‘‘(iv) The results of any financial audit of the campaign. ‘‘(v) A description of any evidence used to develop the campaign. ‘‘(vi) The sources and amount of each gift or donation accepted by the Office, and the source and amount of each gift or donation accepted by a contractor to be used in its performance of a contract for the campaign. ‘‘(B) INDEPENDENT EVALUATION .—Not later than 180 days after establishing a campaign under paragraph (1) and not less than fre-quently than every two years thereafter, the Director shall— ‘‘(i) designate an independent entity to evaluate the effectiveness of the campaign with meeting the goals established in the Emerging Threat Response Plan and the re-quirements of paragraph (1); and ‘‘(ii) submit the results of the independent evaluation to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(6) F
UNDING PROHIBITIONS .—None of the amounts made available under this sub-section may be obligated for any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) To supplant current anti-drug com-munity-based coalitions. ‘‘(B) To supplant pro bono public service time donated by national and local broad-casting network for other public services campaigns. ‘‘(C) For partisan political purposes, or ex-press advocacy in support of or to defeat any clearly identified candidate, clearly identi-fied ballot initiative, or clearly identified legislative or regulatory proposal. ‘‘(D) For any advocacy in support of any particular company, industry association, or advocacy group or the explicit policy posi-tions held by such groups. ‘‘(E) To direct any individuals to a specific type of substance use disorder treatment, treatment facility, medical provider, or form of medication assisted treatment. ‘‘(F) To fund any advertising that features any elected officials, persons seeking elected office, cabinet level officials, or other Fed-eral officials employed pursuant to section 213 of Schedule C of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Office to carry out this section, $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘§ 1010. National and international coordina-tion ‘‘(a) D
ISSEMINATION OF RESEARCH AND IN-
FORMATION TO STATES .—The Director shall ensure that drug control research and infor-mation is effectively disseminated by Na-tional Drug Control Program Agencies to State and local governments and nongovern-mental entities involved in demand reduc-tion by— ‘‘(1) encouraging formal consultation be-tween any such agency that conducts or sponsors research, and any such agency that disseminates information in developing re-search and information product development agendas; ‘‘(2) encouraging such agencies (as appro-priate) to develop and implement dissemina-tion plans that specifically target State and local governments and nongovernmental en-tities involved in demand reduction; and ‘‘(3) supporting the substance abuse infor-mation clearinghouse administered by the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use and established in section 501(d)(16) of the Public Health Service Act by— ‘‘(A) encouraging all National Drug Con-trol Program Agencies to provide all appro-priate and relevant information; and ‘‘(B) supporting the dissemination of infor-mation to all interested entities. ‘‘(b) S
TANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT .—The Director shall co-ordinate the development of evidence-based 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5313 June 20, 2018 
standards developed by National Drug Con-trol Program Agencies and other relevant agencies and non-Federal entities to State, local, and Tribal governments and non-governmental entities related to drug con-trol policies, practices, and procedures, such as the investigation of drug-related deaths, by— ‘‘(A) encouraging appropriate agencies and State, local, and Tribal governments to de-velop data standards for drug control prac-tices and procedures and related statistical data; ‘‘(B) encouraging information sharing be-tween appropriate agencies and State, local, and Tribal governments of relevant drug control information and data; ‘‘(C) establishing a working group of agen-cies, State, local, and Tribal governments, and other relevant stakeholders to discuss and develop such standards; and ‘‘(D) facilitating collaboration among agencies, non-Federal entities, States, local, and Tribal governments, and nongovern-mental agencies. ‘‘(2) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Director shall promote the implementation of the stand-ards described in paragraph (1) by— ‘‘(A) encouraging adoption by providing the standards to State and local govern-ments through the internet, annual publica-tions or periodicals, and other widely-dis-seminated means; and ‘‘(B) facilitating the use and dissemination of such standards among State and local gov-ernments by— ‘‘(i) providing technical assistance to State, local, and Tribal governments seeking to adopt or implement such standards; and ‘‘(ii) coordinating seminars and training sessions for State, local, and Tribal govern-ments seeking to adopt or implement such standards. ‘‘(c) P
RIVATE SECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director or the head of a National Drug Control Program (as des-ignated by the Director) shall coordinate with the private sector to promote private research and development of medications to treat or prevent addiction, including re-search and development for non-addictive pain management medication, abuse deter-rent formulations, medication-assisted treatment, and other addiction research de-termined to be necessary by the Director by— ‘‘(A) encouraging the sharing of informa-tion regarding evidence-based treatment ad-diction findings and related data between agencies and the private sector, as appro-priate; ‘‘(B) encouraging collaboration between appropriate agencies and the private sector; and ‘‘(C) providing private sector entities with relevant statistical data and information to enhance research as permissible. ‘‘(2) W
ORKING GROUP .—The Director may establish a working group of National Drug Control Program Agencies, State, local, and Tribal governments, and the private sector stakeholders to discuss and disseminate best practices, research and development, and other related issues, as appropriate. ‘‘(d) M
ODEL ACTSPROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall pro-vide for or shall enter into an agreement with a nonprofit organization to— ‘‘(A) advise States on establishing laws and policies to address illicit drug use issues; and ‘‘(B) revise such model State drug laws and draft supplementary model State laws to take into consideration changes in illicit drug use issues in the State involved. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $1,250,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(e) DRUGCOURT TRAINING AND TECHNICAL  A
SSISTANCE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Director may make a grant to a nonprofit organiza-tion for the purpose of providing training and technical assistance to drug courts. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(f) I
NTERNATIONAL COORDINATION .—The Di- rector may facilitate international drug con-trol coordination efforts. ‘‘(g) S
TATE , LOCAL , AND TRIBAL AFFAIRS  C
OORDINATOR .—The Director shall designate or appoint a United States State, Local, and Tribal Affairs Coordinator to perform the du-ties of the Office outlined in this section and section 1005 and such other duties as may be determined by the Director with respect to coordination of drug control efforts between agencies and State, local, and Tribal govern-ments. The Director shall determine whether the coordinator position is a noncareer ap-pointee in the Senior Executive Service or a career appointee at the GS–15 level (or equiv-alent) or above. ‘‘§ 1011. Interdiction ‘‘(a) U
NITED STATES INTERDICTION COORDI -
NATOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall des-ignate or appoint a noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service or a career ap-pointee at the GS–15 level (or equivalent) or above as the United States Interdiction Co-ordinator to perform the duties of that posi-tion described in paragraph (2) and such other duties as may be determined by the Di-rector with respect to coordination of efforts to interdict illicit drugs from entering the United States. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The United States Interdiction Coordinator shall be responsible to the Director for— ‘‘(A) coordinating the interdiction activi-ties of the National Drug Control Program Agencies to ensure consistency with the Na-tional Drug Control Strategy; ‘‘(B) on behalf of the Director, developing and issuing, on or before September 1 of each year and in accordance with paragraph (4), a National Interdiction Command and Control Plan to ensure the coordination and consist-ency described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) assessing the sufficiency of assets committed to illicit drug interdiction by the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies; and ‘‘(D) advising the Director on the efforts of each National Drug Control Program Agency to implement the National Interdiction Command and Control Plan. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF .—The Director shall assign such permanent staff of the Office as he considers appropriate to assist the United States Interdiction Coordinator to carry out the re-sponsibilities described in paragraph (2), and may request that appropriate National Drug Control Program Agencies detail or assign staff to assist in carrying out such activities. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL INTERDICTION COMMAND AND  
CONTROL PLAN .— ‘‘(A) P
URPOSES .—The National Interdiction Command and Control Plan— ‘‘(i) shall set forth the Government’s strat-egy for drug interdiction; ‘‘(ii) shall state the specific roles and re-sponsibilities of the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies for implementing that strategy; and ‘‘(iii) shall identify the specific resources required to enable the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies to imple-ment that strategy. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES .— Before the submission of the National Drug Control Strategy or annual supplement re-quired under section 1005(d), as applicable, the United States Interdiction Coordinator shall issue the National Interdiction Com-mand and Control Plan, in consultation with the other members of the Interdiction Com-mittee described in subsection (b). ‘‘(C) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—On or before September 1 of each year, the Director, through the United States Interdiction Coor-dinator, shall provide to the appropriate con-gressional committees, to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, a report that— ‘‘(i) includes— ‘‘(I) a copy of that year’s National Inter-diction Command and Control Plan; ‘‘(II) information for the previous 10 years regarding the number and type of seizures of drugs by each National Drug Control Pro-gram Agency conducting drug interdiction activities and statistical information on the geographic areas of such seizures; and ‘‘(III) information for the previous 10 years regarding the number of air and maritime patrol hours undertaken by each National Drug Control Program Agency conducting drug interdiction activities and statistical information on the geographic areas in which such patrol hours took place; and ‘‘(ii) may include recommendations about changes to existing agency authorities or laws governing interagency relationships. ‘‘(D) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—The report sub-mitted pursuant to subparagraph (C) may in-clude a classified annex. ‘‘(b) I
NTERDICTION COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Interdiction Com-mittee shall meet to— ‘‘(A) discuss and resolve issues related to the coordination, oversight, and integration of international, border, and domestic drug interdiction efforts in support of the Na-tional Drug Control Strategy; ‘‘(B) review the annual National Interdic-tion Command and Control Plan, and provide advice to the Director and the United States Interdiction Coordinator concerning that plan; and ‘‘(C) provide such other advice to the Di-rector concerning drug interdiction strategy and policies as the committee determines is appropriate. ‘‘(2) C
HAIR.—The Director shall designate one of the members of the Interdiction Com-mittee to serve as Chair. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The members of the Inter-diction Committee shall meet, in person and not through any delegate or representative, at least once per calendar year, before June 1. At the call of the Director or the Chair, the Interdiction Committee may hold addi-tional meetings, which shall be attended by the members in person, or through such dele-gates or representatives as the members may choose. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30 of each year, the Chair of the Interdiction Committee shall submit to the Director and to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing the results of the meet-ings and any significant findings of the com-mittee during the previous 12 months. Such report may include a classified annex. ‘‘§ 1012. Treatment coordinator ‘‘(a) U
NITED STATES TREATMENT COORDI -
NATOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall des-ignate or appoint a noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service or a career ap-pointee at the GS–15 level (or equivalent) or above as the United States Treatment Coor-dinator to perform the responsibilities of that position described in paragraph (2) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5314 June 20, 2018 
such other duties as may be determined by the Director with respect to coordination of efforts to expand the availability of sub-stance use disorder treatment with the goal of eliminating the unmet treatment need. ‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The United States Treatment Coordinator shall be responsible to the Director for— ‘‘(A) coordinating the activities of the Na-tional Drug Control Program Agencies un-dertaken to expand the availability of evi-dence-based substance use disorder treat-ment to ensure consistency with the Na-tional Drug Control Strategy; ‘‘(B) on behalf of the Director, developing and issuing, on or before September 1 of each year and in accordance with paragraph (4), a National Treatment Plan to ensure the co-ordination and consistency described in sub-paragraph (A); ‘‘(C) assessing the sufficiency of Federal resources directed to substance use disorder treatment by the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies; ‘‘(D) encouraging the adoption by all sub-stance use disorder treatment providers of evidence-based standards to guide all aspects of treatment provided; and ‘‘(E) advising the Director on the efforts of each National Drug Control Program Agency to implement the National Treatment Plan. ‘‘(3) S
TAFF .—The Director shall assign such permanent staff of the Office of the United States Treatment Coordinator as the Direc-tor determines to be appropriate to assist the United States Treatment Coordinator to carry out the responsibilities described in paragraph (2), and may request that appro-priate National Drug Control Program Agen-cies detail or assign staff to assist in car-rying out such responsibilities. ‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL TREATMENT PLAN .— ‘‘(A) P
URPOSES .—The National Treatment Plan— ‘‘(i) shall identify the unmet need for treatment for evidence-based substance use disorders and set forth the Government’s strategy for closing the gap between avail-able and needed treatment through all sources; ‘‘(ii) shall describe the specific roles and responsibilities of the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies for imple-menting that strategy; ‘‘(iii) shall identify the specific resources required to enable the relevant National Drug Control Program Agencies to imple-ment that strategy; ‘‘(iv) shall identify the resources, including private sources, required to eliminate the unmet need for evidence-based substance use disorder treatment; and ‘‘(v) may include recommendations about changes to existing agency authorities or laws governing interagency relationships. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES .— Before the submission of the National Treat-ment Strategy or annual supplement re-quired under section 1005(d), as applicable, the United States Treatment Coordinator shall issue the National Treatment Plan, in consultation with the other members of the Treatment Committee described in sub-section (b). ‘‘(C) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—On or before September 1 of each year, the Director, through the United States Treatment Coor-dinator, shall provide to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report that includes a copy of that year’s National Treatment Plan. ‘‘(b) T
REATMENT COMMITTEE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Treatment Com-mittee shall meet to— ‘‘(A) review and discuss the adequacy of evidence-based substance use disorder treat-ment as well as the unmet need for treat-ment; ‘‘(B) review and discuss the status of the implementation of the National Treatment Plan; and ‘‘(C) provide such other advice to the Di-rector concerning substance use disorder treatment initiatives as the committee de-termines is appropriate. ‘‘(2) CHAIR.—The Director shall designate one of the members of the Treatment Com-mittee to serve as Chair. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The members of the Treat-ment Committee shall meet, in person and not through any delegate or representative, at least once per calendar year, before June 1. At the call of the Director or the Chair, the Treatment Committee may hold addi-tional meetings, which shall be attended by the members in person, or through such dele-gates or representatives as the members may choose. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30 of each year, the Chair of the Treatment Committee shall submit to the Director and to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing the results of the meet-ings and any significant findings of the com-mittee during the previous 12 months. Such report may include a classified annex. ‘‘§ 1013. Critical information coordination ‘‘(a) N
ATIONAL DRUGCONTROL FUSION CEN-
TER.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall, in consultation with the head of each Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency, des-ignate an agency to establish a National Drug Control Fusion Center (referred to in this section as the ‘Center’). The Center shall operate under the authority of the Di-rector and shall work with the National Drug Control Program Agencies to collect, compile, analyze, and facilitate the sharing of data on the use of illicit drugs, treatment for substance use disorder, and interdiction of illicit drugs. The Center shall be consid-ered a ‘statistical agency or unit’, as that term is defined in section 502 of the Con-fidential Information Protection and Statis-tical Efficiency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note) and shall have the necessary independ-ence to ensure any data or information ac-quired by an agency under a pledge of con-fidentiality and for exclusively statistical purposes is used exclusively for statistical purposes. ‘‘(2) C
ENTER DIRECTOR .—There shall be at the head of the Center a Center Director who shall be appointed by the Director from among individuals qualified and distin-guished in data governance and statistical analysis. ‘‘(3) D
ATA COMPILATION .—The Director, act-ing through the Center Director, shall do the following: ‘‘(A) Coordinate data collection activities among the National Drug Control Program Agencies. ‘‘(B) Collect information not otherwise col-lected by National Drug Control Program Agencies as necessary to inform the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(C) Compile and analyze any data re-quired to be collected under this chapter. ‘‘(D) Disseminate technology, as appro-priate, to States and local jurisdictions to enable or improve the collection of data on drug use, including the recordation of the oc-currence of fatal and non-fatal drug overdoses. ‘‘(E) Compile information collected by Na-tional Drug Control Program Agencies on grants issued through any National Drug Control Program, including for any grant the following: ‘‘(i) The recipient. ‘‘(ii) The amount. ‘‘(iii) The intended purpose. ‘‘(iv) Any evidence of the efficacy of the outcomes achieved by the program funded through the grant. ‘‘(v) Any assessments of how the grant met its intended purpose. ‘‘(4) TOXICOLOGY SCREENING .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Center Director may establish a toxicology screening pro-gram that engages in— ‘‘(i) secondary analysis of urine samples that would otherwise be discarded by— ‘‘(I) hospitals and substance use disorder treatment programs; ‘‘(II) correctional facilities, booking sites, probation programs, drug courts, and related facilities; and ‘‘(III) coroners and medical examiners; and ‘‘(ii) analysis of other physical samples, as determined by the Center Director to be val-uable for understanding the prevalence of any illicit drug. ‘‘(B) D
E-IDENTIFICATION OF INFORMATION .— The Center Director shall ensure that no samples have any personally identifiable in-formation prior to collection. ‘‘(C) L
IMITATION ON USE .—No data obtained from analysis conducted under this para-graph may be used as evidence in any pro-ceeding. ‘‘(D) S
TATE PROGRAM .—The Center Director may establish a program that enables States and local jurisdictions to submit up to 20 urine samples per year for toxicology anal-ysis for the purposes of identifying sub-stances present in individuals who have suf-fered fatal drug overdoses. ‘‘(5) A
UTHORITY TO CONTRACT .—The Direc-tor may award contracts, enter into inter-agency agreements, manage individual projects, and conduct other operational ac-tivities under this subsection. ‘‘(b) C
RITICAL DRUG CONTROL INFORMATION  
ANDEVIDENCE PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Direc-tor shall submit to Congress a systematic plan for increasing data collection to enable real-time surveillance of drug control threats, developing analysis and monitoring capabilities, and identifying and addressing policy questions relevant to the National Drug Control Policy, Strategy, and Program. Such plan shall be made available on the public online portal of the Office, shall cover at least a 4-year period beginning with the first fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the plan is submitted and published, and contain the following: ‘‘(A) A list of policy-relevant questions for which the Director and each National Drug Control Program Agency intends to develop evidence to support the National Drug Con-trol Program and Strategy. ‘‘(B) A list of data the Director and each National Drug Control Program Agency in-tends to collect, use, or acquire to facilitate the use of evidence in drug control policy-making and monitoring. ‘‘(C) A list of methods and analytical ap-proaches that may be used to develop evi-dence to support the National Drug Control Program and Strategy and related policy. ‘‘(D) A list of any challenges to developing evidence to support policymaking, including any barriers to accessing, collecting, or using relevant data. ‘‘(E) A description of the steps the Director and the head of each National Drug Control Program Agency will take to effectuate the plan. ‘‘(F) Any other relevant information as de-termined by the Director. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the plan required under paragraph (1), the Director shall consult with the following: ‘‘(A) The public. ‘‘(B) Any evaluation or analysis units and personnel of the Office. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5315 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(C) Office officials responsible for imple-menting privacy policy. ‘‘(D) Office officials responsible for data governance. ‘‘(E) The appropriate congressional com-mittees. ‘‘(F) Any other individual or entity as de-termined by the Director. ‘‘(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED POLICY .— ‘‘(1) H
ARM REDUCTION PROGRAMS .—When de- veloping the national drug control policy, any policy of the Director, including policies relating to syringe exchange programs for intravenous drug users, shall be based on the best available medical and scientific evi-dence regarding the effectiveness of such pol-icy in promoting individual health, pre-venting the spread of infectious disease and the impact of such policy on drug addiction and use. In making any policy relating to harm reduction programs, the Director shall consult with the National Institutes of Health and the National Academy of Sciences. ‘‘(2) F
UND RESTRICTION FOR THE LEGALIZA -
TION OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES .—The Direc-tor shall ensure that no Federal funds appro-priated to the Office shall be expended for any study or contract relating to the legal-ization (for a medical use or any other use) for which a listing in schedule I is in effect under section 202 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 812). ‘‘(d) D
RUGCONTROL DATADASHBOARD .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director, in con-sultation with the Center Director, shall es-tablish and maintain a data dashboard on the online portal of the Office to be known as the ‘Drug Control Data Dashboard’. The Di-rector shall ensure the user interface of the dashboard is constructed with modern design standards. To the extent practicable, the data made available on the dashboard shall be publicly available in a machine-readable format and searchable by year, agency, drug, and location. ‘‘(2) D
ATA.—The data included in the Drug Control Data Dashboard shall be updated quarterly to the extent practicable, but not less frequently than annually and shall in-clude, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(A) For each substance identified under section 1005(c)(1)(A)(i)— ‘‘(i) the total amount seized and disrupted in the calendar year and each of the previous 3 calendar years, including to the extent practicable the amount seized by State, local, and Tribal governments; ‘‘(ii) the known and estimated flows into the United States from all sources in the cal-endar year and each of the previous 3 cal-endar years; ‘‘(iii) the total amount of known flows that could not be interdicted or disrupted in the calendar year and each of the previous 3 cal-endar years; ‘‘(iv) the known and estimated levels of do-mestic production in the calendar year and each of the previous three calendar years, in-cluding the levels of domestic production if the drug is a prescription drug, as deter-mined under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, for which a listing is in effect under section 202 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 812); ‘‘(v) the average street price for the cal-endar year and the highest known street price during the preceding 10-year period; and ‘‘(vi) to the extent practicable, related prosecutions by State, local, and Tribal gov-ernments. ‘‘(B) For the calendar year and each of the previous three years data sufficient to show, disaggregated by State and, to the extent feasible, by region within a State, county, or city, the following: ‘‘(i) The number of fatal and non-fatal overdoses caused by each drug identified under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(ii) The prevalence of substance use dis-orders. ‘‘(iii) The number of individuals who have received substance use disorder treatment, including medication assisted treatment, for a substance use disorder, including treat-ment provided through publicly-financed health care programs. ‘‘(iv) The extent of the unmet need for sub-stance use disorder treatment, including the unmet need for medication-assisted treat-ment. ‘‘(C) Data sufficient to show the extent of prescription drug diversion, trafficking, and misuse in the calendar year and each of the previous 3 calendar years. ‘‘(D) Any quantifiable measures the Direc-tor determines to be appropriate to detail progress toward the achievement of the goals of the National Drug Control Strategy. ‘‘(e) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon the request of the Director, the head of any National Drug Con-trol Program Agency shall cooperate with and provide to the Director any statistics, studies, reports, and other information pre-pared or collected by the agency concerning the responsibilities of the agency under the National Drug Control Strategy that relate to— ‘‘(A) drug control; or ‘‘(B) the manner in which amounts made available to that agency for drug control are being used by that agency. ‘‘(2) P
ROTECTION OF INTELLIGENCE INFORMA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The authorities con-ferred on the Office and the Director by this chapter shall be exercised in a manner con-sistent with provisions of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 401 et seq.). The Di-rector of National Intelligence shall pre-scribe such regulations as may be necessary to protect information provided pursuant to this chapter regarding intelligence sources and methods. ‘‘(B) D
UTIES OF DIRECTOR .—The Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable in accordance with subparagraph (A), render full assistance and support to the Office and the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED REPORTS FROM NATIONAL  
DRUG CONTROL PROGRAM AGENCIES .—The head of each National Drug Control Program Agency shall submit to the Director such in-formation and reports as requested from such National Drug Control Program Agency by the Director, which shall include from the appropriate National Drug Control Program Agencies: ‘‘(A) Not later than July 1 of each year, the head of a National Drug Control Program Agency designated by the Director shall sub-mit to the Director and the appropriate con-gressional committees an assessment of the quantity of illegal drug cultivation and man-ufacturing in the United States on lands owned or under the jurisdiction of their re-spective agencies that was seized or eradi-cated by their personnel during the pre-ceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) Not later than July 1 of each year, the head of a designated National Drug Control Program Agency shall submit to the Direc-tor and the appropriate congressional com-mittees information for the preceding year regarding— ‘‘(i) the number and type of seizures of drugs by each component of the agency seiz-ing drugs, as well as statistical information on the geographic areas of such seizures; and ‘‘(ii) the number of air and maritime patrol hours primarily dedicated to drug supply re-duction missions undertaken by each compo-nent of the agency. ‘‘(C) Not later than July 1 of each year, the head of a designated National Drug Control Program Agency shall submit to the Direc-tor and the appropriate congressional com-mittees information for the preceding year regarding the number of air and maritime patrol hours primarily dedicated to drug sup-ply reduction missions undertaken by each component of the agency. ‘‘(D) Not later than July 1 of each year, the head of a designated National Drug Control Program Agency shall submit to the Direc-tor and the appropriate congressional com-mittees information for the preceding year regarding the number and type of— ‘‘(i) arrests for drug violations; ‘‘(ii) prosecutions by United States Attor-neys for drug violations; and ‘‘(iii) seizures of drugs by each component of the Department of Justice seizing drugs, as well as statistical information on the geo-graphic areas of such seizures. ‘‘(f) DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM-
PROVED INTEROPERABILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
NTERAGENCY AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL  
DESIGNATION AND USE OF DATA EXCHANGE  
STANDARDS WORKING GROUP .—The Director shall establish a working group of National Drug Control Program Agencies, State, local and Tribal government health and law en-forcement agencies, and data governance ex-perts to develop consensus data exchange standards for necessary categories of infor-mation that allow effective electronic ex-change of information between States, be-tween State agencies, between States and National Drug Control Program Agencies, and any other drug control relevant data ex-change. ‘‘(2) D
ATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS MUST BE  
NONPROPRIETARY AND INTEROPERABLE .—The data exchange standards developed under paragraph (1) shall, to the extent prac-ticable, be nonproprietary and interoperable. ‘‘(3) O
THER REQUIREMENTS .—In developing data exchange standards under this sub-section, the working group shall, to the ex-tent practicable, incorporate— ‘‘(A) interoperable standards developed and maintained by an international voluntary consensus standards body, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(B) interoperable standards developed and maintained by intergovernmental partner-ships; and ‘‘(C) interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal entities with author-ity over contracting and financial assist-ance. ‘‘(4) D
ATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR FED -
ERAL REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATION .—The Director may, in consultation with the working group estab-lished under this subsection, National Drug Control Program Agencies, and State, local, and Tribal governments, designate data ex-change standards to govern Federal report-ing and exchange requirements for National Drug Control Programs, as appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange reporting standards designated under sub-paragraph (A) shall, to the extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(i) incorporate a widely accepted, non-proprietary, searchable, machine-readable format; ‘‘(ii) be consistent with and implement ap-plicable accounting principles; ‘‘(iii) be implemented in a manner that is cost-effective and improves program effi-ciency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(iv) be capable of being continually up-graded as necessary. ‘‘(C) I
NCORPORATION OF NONPROPRIETARY  
STANDARDS .—In designating data exchange standards under this paragraph, the Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5316 June 20, 2018 
shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate existing nonproprietary standards. ‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards for Federal reporting about a program re-ferred to in this section, if the head of the agency responsible for administering the program finds the standards to be effective and efficient. ‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION .—The working group es-tablished under paragraph (1) shall termi-nate not earlier than 60 days after the public notification of termination by the Director. ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL DATA COLLECTION AND DIS-
SEMINATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall col-lect and disseminate, as appropriate, such in-formation as the Director determines is ap-propriate, but not less than the information described in this subsection. To the extent practicable, the data shall be publicly avail-able in a machine-readable format on the Drug Control Data Dashboard, be searchable by year, agency, drug, and location, and cover not less than the previous 10-year pe-riod. ‘‘(2) P
REPARATION AND DISSEMINATION OF IN -
FORMATION .—The Director shall prepare and disseminate the following: ‘‘(A) An assessment of current illicit drug use (including inhalants and steroids) and availability, impact of illicit drug use, and treatment availability, which assessment shall include— ‘‘(i) estimates of drug prevalence and fre-quency of use as measured by national, State, and local surveys of illicit drug use and by other special studies of nondependent and dependent illicit drug use; ‘‘(ii) illicit drug use in the workplace and the productivity lost by such use; and ‘‘(iii) illicit drug use by arrestees, proba-tioners, and parolees. ‘‘(B) An assessment of the reduction of il-licit drug availability, for each drug identi-fied under section 1005(c)(1)(A)(i), as meas-ured by— ‘‘(i) the quantities of such drug available for consumption in the United States; ‘‘(ii) the amount of such drug entering the United States; ‘‘(iii) the number of illicit drug manufac-turing laboratories seized and destroyed of each such drug and the number of hectares cultivated and destroyed domestically and in other countries of such drug; ‘‘(iv) the number of metric tons of such drug seized; and ‘‘(v) changes in the price and purity of such drug. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the reduction of the consequences of illicit drug use and avail-ability, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the cost of treating substance use dis-order in the United States, such as the quan-tity of illicit drug-related services provided; ‘‘(ii) the annual national health care cost of illicit drug use; and ‘‘(iii) the extent of illicit drug-related crime and criminal activity. ‘‘(D) A determination of the status of sub-stance use disorder treatment in the United States, by assessing— ‘‘(i) public and private treatment utiliza-tion; and ‘‘(ii) the number of illicit drug users the Director estimates meet diagnostic criteria for treatment. ‘‘§ 1014. Authorization of appropriations ‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this chapter, except as other-wise specified, to remain available until ex-pended, $18,400,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—DRUG-FREE COMMUNITIES SUPPORT PROGRAM ‘‘§ 1021. Establishment of drug-free commu-nities support program ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Director shall establish a program to support communities in the development and implementation of comprehensive, long-term plans and pro-grams to prevent and treat substance use and misuse among youth. ‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM .—In carrying out the Pro-gram, the Director shall— ‘‘(1) make and track grants to grant recipi-ents; ‘‘(2) provide for technical assistance and training, data collection, and dissemination of information on state-of-the-art practices that the Director determines to be effective in reducing substance use; and ‘‘(3) provide for the general administration of the Program. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Director shall appoint an Administrator to carry out the Program. ‘‘(d) C
ONTRACTING .—The Director may em-ploy any necessary staff and may enter into contracts or agreements with National Drug Control Program Agencies, including inter-agency agreements, to delegate authority for the execution of grants and for such other activities necessary to carry out this chap-ter. ‘‘§ 1022. Program authorization ‘‘(a) G
RANT ELIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive an initial grant or a renewal grant under this subchapter, a coalition shall meet each of the following criteria: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION .—The coalition shall sub-mit an application to the Administrator in accordance with section 1023(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
AJOR SECTOR INVOLVEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The coalition shall con-sist of 1 or more representatives of each of the following categories: ‘‘(i) Youth. ‘‘(ii) Parents. ‘‘(iii) Businesses. ‘‘(iv) The media. ‘‘(v) Schools. ‘‘(vi) Organizations serving youth. ‘‘(vii) Law enforcement. ‘‘(viii) Religious or fraternal organizations. ‘‘(ix) Civic and volunteer groups. ‘‘(x) Health care professionals. ‘‘(xi) State, local, or Tribal governmental agencies with expertise in the field of sub-stance use prevention or substance use dis-orders (including, if applicable, the State au-thority with primary authority for sub-stance use and misuse). ‘‘(xii) Other organizations involved in re-ducing the prevalence of substance use and misuse or substance use disorders. ‘‘(B) E
LECTED OFFICIALS .—If feasible, in ad-dition to representatives from the categories listed in subparagraph (A), the coalition shall have an elected official (or a represent-ative of an elected official) from— ‘‘(i) the Federal Government; and ‘‘(ii) the government of the appropriate State and political subdivision thereof or the governing body or an Indian tribe (as that term is defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self-Determination Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)). ‘‘(C) R
EPRESENTATION .—An individual who is a member of the coalition may serve on the coalition as a representative of not more than 1 category listed under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) C
OMMITMENT .—The coalition shall demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the Ad-ministrator— ‘‘(A) that the representatives of the coali-tion have worked together on substance use and misuse reduction initiatives, which, at a minimum, includes initiatives that target drugs described in section 1027(6)(A), for a pe-riod of not less than 6 months, acting through entities such as task forces, sub-committees, or community boards; and ‘‘(B) substantial participation from volun-teer leaders in the community involved (es-pecially in cooperation with individuals in-volved with youth such as parents, teachers, coaches, youth workers, and members of the clergy). ‘‘(4) MISSION AND STRATEGIES .—The coali-tion shall, with respect to the community in-volved— ‘‘(A) have as its principal mission the re-duction of illegal drug use, which, at a min-imum, includes the use of illegal drugs de-scribed in section 1027(6)(A), in a comprehen-sive and long-term manner, with a primary focus on youth in the community; ‘‘(B) describe and document the nature and extent of the substance use and misuse prob-lem, which, at a minimum, includes the use and misuse of drugs described in section 1027(6)(A), in the community; ‘‘(C)(i) provide a description of substance use and misuse prevention and treatment programs and activities, which, at a min-imum, includes programs and activities re-lating to the use and misuse of drugs de-scribed in section 1027(6)(A), in existence at the time of the grant application; and ‘‘(ii) identify substance use and misuse pro-grams and service gaps, which, at a min-imum, includes programs and gaps relating to the use and misuse of drugs described in section 1027(6)(A), in the community; ‘‘(D) develop a strategic plan to reduce sub-stance use and misuse among youth, which, at a minimum, includes the use and misuse of drugs described in section 1027(6)(A), in a comprehensive and long-term fashion; and ‘‘(E) work to develop a consensus regarding the priorities of the community to combat substance use and misuse among youth, which, at a minimum, includes the use and misuse of drugs described in section 1027(6)(A). ‘‘(5) S
USTAINABILITY .—The coalition shall demonstrate that the coalition is an ongoing concern by demonstrating that the coali-tion— ‘‘(A) is— ‘‘(i)(I) a nonprofit organization; or ‘‘(II) an entity that the Administrator de-termines to be appropriate; or ‘‘(ii) part of, or is associated with, an es-tablished legal entity; ‘‘(B) receives financial support (including, in the discretion of the Administrator, in- kind contributions) from non-Federal sources; and ‘‘(C) has a strategy to solicit substantial fi-nancial support from non-Federal sources to ensure that the coalition and the programs operated by the coalition are self-sustaining. ‘‘(6) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—The coalition shall— ‘‘(A) establish a system to measure and re-port outcomes— ‘‘(i) consistent with common indicators and evaluation protocols established by the Administrator; and ‘‘(ii) approved by the Administrator; ‘‘(B) conduct— ‘‘(i) for an initial grant under this sub-chapter, an initial benchmark survey of drug use among youth (or use local surveys or performance measures available or acces-sible in the community at the time of the grant application); and ‘‘(ii) biennial surveys (or incorporate local surveys in existence at the time of the eval-uation) to measure the progress and effec-tiveness of the coalition; and ‘‘(C) provide assurances that the entity conducting an evaluation under this para-graph, or from which the coalition receives information, has experience— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5317 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(i) in gathering data related to substance use and misuse among youth; or ‘‘(ii) in evaluating the effectiveness of community anti-drug coalitions. ‘‘(7) A
DDITIONAL CRITERIA .—The Director shall not impose any eligibility criteria on new applicants or renewal grantees not pro-vided in this chapter. ‘‘(b) G
RANT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) G
RANTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (iv), for a fiscal year, the Administrator may grant to an eligible coalition under this paragraph, an amount not to exceed the amount of non- Federal funds raised by the coalition, includ-ing in-kind contributions, for that fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) S
USPENSION OF GRANTS .—If such grant recipient fails to continue to meet the cri-teria specified in subsection (a), the Admin-istrator may suspend the grant, after pro-viding written notice to the grant recipient and an opportunity to appeal. ‘‘(iii) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—Subject to clause (iv), the Administrator may award a renewal grant to a grant recipient under this sub-paragraph for each fiscal year following the fiscal year for which an initial grant is awarded, in an amount not to exceed the amount of non-Federal funds raised by the coalition, including in-kind contributions, for that fiscal year, during the 4-year period following the period of the initial grant. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant award under this subparagraph may not ex-ceed $125,000 for a fiscal year. ‘‘(B) C
OALITION AWARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the Administrator may, with re-spect to a community, make a grant to 1 eli-gible coalition that represents that commu-nity. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Administrator may make a grant to more than 1 eligible coali-tion that represents a community if— ‘‘(I) the eligible coalitions demonstrate that the coalitions are collaborating with one another; and ‘‘(II) each of the coalitions has independ-ently met the requirements set forth in sub-section (a). ‘‘(2) R
URAL COALITION GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to awarding grants under paragraph (1), to stimulate the development of coalitions in sparsely popu-lated and rural areas, the Administrator may award a grant in accordance with this section to a coalition that represents a coun-ty with a population that does not exceed 30,000 individuals. In awarding a grant under this paragraph, the Administrator may waive any requirement under subsection (a) if the Administrator considers that waiver to be appropriate. ‘‘(ii) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Subject to subparagraph (C), for a fiscal year, the Ad-ministrator may grant to an eligible coali-tion under this paragraph, an amount not to exceed the amount of non-Federal funds raised by the coalition, including in-kind contributions, for that fiscal year. ‘‘(iii) S
USPENSION OF GRANTS .—If such grant recipient fails to continue to meet any cri-teria specified in subsection (a) that has not been waived by the Administrator pursuant to clause (i), the Administrator may suspend the grant, after providing written notice to the grant recipient and an opportunity to ap-peal. ‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—The Administrator may award a renewal grant to an eligible co-alition that is a grant recipient under this paragraph for each fiscal year following the fiscal year for which an initial grant is awarded, in an amount not to exceed the amount of non-Federal funds raised by the coalition, including in-kind contributions, during the 4-year period following the period of the initial grant. ‘‘(C) LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(i) A
MOUNT .—The amount of a grant award under this paragraph shall not exceed $125,000 for a fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) A
WARDS .—With respect to a county referred to in subparagraph (A), the Adminis-trator may award a grant under this section to not more than 1 eligible coalition that represents the county. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (F), the Administrator may award an addi-tional grant under this paragraph to an eligi-ble coalition awarded a grant under para-graph (1) or (2) for any first fiscal year after the end of the 4-year period following the pe-riod of the initial grant under paragraph (1) or (2), as the case may be. ‘‘(B) S
COPE OF GRANTS .—A coalition award-ed a grant under paragraph (1) or (2), includ-ing a renewal grant under such paragraph, may not be awarded another grant under such paragraph, and is eligible for an addi-tional grant under this section only under this paragraph. ‘‘(C) N
O PRIORITY FOR APPLICATIONS .—The Administrator may not afford a higher pri-ority in the award of an additional grant under this paragraph than the Administrator would afford the applicant for the grant if the applicant were submitting an application for an initial grant under paragraph (1) or (2) rather than an application for a grant under this paragraph. ‘‘(D) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—Subject to sub-paragraph (F), the Administrator may award a renewal grant to a grant recipient under this paragraph for each of the fiscal years of the 4-fiscal-year period following the fiscal year for which the initial additional grant under subparagraph (A) is awarded in an amount not to exceed amounts as follows: ‘‘(i) For the first and second fiscal years of that 4-fiscal-year period, the amount of the non-Federal funds, including in-kind con-tributions, raised by the coalition for the ap-plicable fiscal year is not less than 125 per-cent of the amount awarded. ‘‘(ii) For the third and fourth fiscal years of that 4-fiscal-year period, the amount of the non-Federal funds, including in-kind contributions, raised by the coalition for the applicable fiscal year is not less than 150 per-cent of the amount awarded. ‘‘(E) S
USPENSION .—If a grant recipient under this paragraph fails to continue to meet the criteria specified in subsection (a), the Administrator may suspend the grant, after providing written notice to the grant recipient and an opportunity to appeal. ‘‘(F) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant award under this paragraph may not exceed $125,000 for a fiscal year. ‘‘(4) P
ROCESS FOR SUSPENSION .—A grantee shall not be suspended or terminated under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), (2)(A)(iii), or (3)(E) un-less that grantee is afforded a fair, timely, and independent appeal prior to such suspen-sion or termination. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF FUNDS FOR COALITIONS  R
EPRESENTING CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS .— Funds appropriated for the substance use and misuse activities of a coalition that in-cludes a representative of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, the Indian Health Service, or a Tribal government agency with expertise in the field of substance use prevention may be counted as non-Federal funds raised by the coalition for purposes of this section. ‘‘(d) P
RIORITY IN AWARDING GRANTS .—In awarding grants under subsection (b)(1)(A)(i), priority shall be given to a coali-tion serving economically disadvantaged areas. ‘‘§ 1023. Information collection and dissemina-tion with respect to grant recipients ‘‘(a) COALITION INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) G
ENERAL AUDITING AUTHORITY .—For the purpose of audit and examination, the Administrator— ‘‘(A) shall have access to any books, docu-ments, papers, and records that are pertinent to any grant or grant renewal request under this subchapter; and ‘‘(B) may periodically request information from a grant recipient to ensure that the grant recipient meets the applicable criteria under section 1022(a). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—The Adminis-trator shall issue a request for proposal re-garding, with respect to the grants awarded under section 1022, the application process, grant renewal, and suspension or with-holding of renewal grants. Each application under this paragraph shall be in writing and shall be subject to review by the Adminis-trator. ‘‘(3) R
EPORTING .—The Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable and in a manner consistent with applicable law, mini-mize reporting requirements by a grant re-cipient and expedite any application for a re-newal grant made under this subchapter. ‘‘(b) D
ATA COLLECTION AND DISSEMINA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may collect data from— ‘‘(A) national substance use and misuse or-ganizations that work with eligible coali-tions, community anti-drug coalitions, de-partments or agencies of the Federal Govern-ment, or State or local governments and the governing bodies of Indian Tribes; and ‘‘(B) any other entity or organization that carries out activities that relate to the pur-poses of the Program. ‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES OF ADMINISTRATOR .—The Administrator may— ‘‘(A) evaluate the utility of specific initia-tives relating to the purposes of the Pro-gram; ‘‘(B) conduct an evaluation of the Pro-gram; and ‘‘(C) disseminate information described in this subsection to— ‘‘(i) eligible coalitions and other substance use prevention organizations; and ‘‘(ii) the general public. ‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Administrator shall carry out activities under this sub-section in consultation with the National Community Antidrug Coalition Institute. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON USE OF CERTAIN FUNDS  
FOR EVALUATION OF PROGRAM .—Amounts for activities under paragraph (2)(B) may not be derived from amounts under section 1028(a) except for amounts that are available under section 1028(b) for administrative costs. ‘‘§ 1024. Technical assistance and training ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND AGREE -
MENTS .—With respect to any grant recipient or other organization, the Administrator may— ‘‘(A) offer technical assistance and train-ing; and ‘‘(B) enter into contracts and cooperative agreements. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS .—The Ad- ministrator may facilitate the coordination of programs between a grant recipient and other organizations and entities. ‘‘(b) T
RAINING .—The Administrator may provide training to any representative des-ignated by a grant recipient in— ‘‘(1) coalition building; ‘‘(2) task force development; ‘‘(3) mediation and facilitation, direct serv-ice, assessment and evaluation; or ‘‘(4) any other activity related to the pur-poses of the Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5318 June 20, 2018 
‘‘§ 1025. Supplemental grants for coalition mentoring activities ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TO MAKEGRANTS .—As part of the Program, the Director may award an initial grant under this subsection, and re-newal grants under subsection (f), to any co-alition awarded a grant under section 1022 that meets the criteria specified in sub-section (d) in order to fund coalition men-toring activities by such coalition in support of the program. ‘‘(b) T
REATMENT WITHOTHER GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) S
UPPLEMENT .—A grant awarded to a coalition under this section is in addition to any grant awarded to the coalition under section 1022. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BASIC GRANT .—A co- alition may not be awarded a grant under this section for a fiscal year unless the coali-tion was awarded a grant or renewal grant under section 1022(b) for that fiscal year. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—A coalition seeking a grant under this section shall submit to the Administrator an application for the grant in such form and manner as the Adminis-trator may require. ‘‘(d) C
RITERIA .—A coalition meets the cri-teria specified in this subsection if the coali-tion— ‘‘(1) has been in existence for at least 5 years; ‘‘(2) has achieved, by or through its own ef-forts, measurable results in the prevention and treatment of substance use and misuse among youth; ‘‘(3) has staff or members willing to serve as mentors for persons seeking to start or expand the activities of other coalitions in the prevention and treatment of substance use and misuse; ‘‘(4) has demonstrable support from some members of the community in which the coa-lition mentoring activities to be supported by the grant under this section are to be car-ried out; and ‘‘(5) submits to the Administrator a de-tailed plan for the coalition mentoring ac-tivities to be supported by the grant under this section. ‘‘(e) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—A coalition awarded a grant under this section shall use the grant amount for mentoring activities to support and encourage the development of new, self-supporting community coalitions that are focused on the prevention and treat-ment of substance use and misuse in such new coalitions’ communities. The mentoring coalition shall encourage such development in accordance with the plan submitted by the mentoring coalition under subsection (d)(5). ‘‘(f) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—The Administrator may make a renewal grant to any coalition awarded a grant under subsection (a), or a previous renewal grant under this sub-section, if the coalition, at the time of appli-cation for such renewal grant— ‘‘(1) continues to meet the criteria speci-fied in subsection (d); and ‘‘(2) has made demonstrable progress in the development of one or more new, self-sup-porting community coalitions that are fo-cused on the prevention and treatment of substance use and misuse. ‘‘(g) G
RANT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the total amount of grants awarded to a coalition under this section for a fiscal year may not exceed the amount of non-Fed-eral funds raised by the coalition, including in-kind contributions, for that fiscal year. Funds appropriated for the substance use and misuse activities of a coalition that in-cludes a representative of the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, the Indian Health Service, or a Tribal government agency with expertise in the field of substance use prevention may be counted as non-Federal funds raised by the coalition. ‘‘(2) INITIAL GRANTS .—The amount of the initial grant awarded to a coalition under subsection (a) may not exceed $75,000. ‘‘(3) R
ENEWAL GRANTS .—The total amount of renewal grants awarded to a coalition under subsection (f) for any fiscal year may not exceed $75,000. ‘‘(h) F
ISCAL YEAR LIMITATION ON AMOUNT  A
VAILABLE FOR GRANTS .—The total amount available for grants under this section, in-cluding renewal grants under subsection (f), in any fiscal year may not exceed the amount equal to five percent of the amount authorized to be appropriated by section 1028 for that fiscal year. ‘‘(i) P
RIORITY IN AWARDING INITIAL  G
RANTS .—In awarding initial grants under this section, priority shall be given to a coa-lition that expressly proposes to provide mentorship to a coalition or aspiring coali-tion serving economically disadvantaged areas. ‘‘§ 1026. Authorization for National Commu-nity Antidrug Coalition Institute ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Director shall, using amounts authorized to be appropriated by subsection (d), make a competitive grant to provide for the continuation of the Na-tional Community Anti-drug Coalition Insti-tute. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATIONS .—An organi-zation eligible for the grant under subsection (a) is any national nonprofit organization that represents, provides technical assist-ance and training to, and has special exper-tise and broad, national-level experience in community antidrug coalitions under this subchapter. ‘‘(c) U
SE OF GRANT AMOUNT .—The organiza-tion that receives the grant under subsection (a) shall continue a National Community Anti-Drug Coalition Institute to— ‘‘(1) provide education, training, and tech-nical assistance for coalition leaders and community teams, with emphasis on the de-velopment of coalitions serving economi-cally disadvantaged areas; ‘‘(2) develop and disseminate evaluation tools, mechanisms, and measures to better assess and document coalition performance measures and outcomes; and ‘‘(3) bridge the gap between research and practice by translating knowledge from re-search into practical information. ‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— The Director shall, using amounts author-ized to be appropriated by section 1028, make a grant of $2,000,000 under subsection (a), for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘§ 1027. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter: ‘‘(1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-trator’ means the Administrator appointed by the Director under section 1021(c). ‘‘(2) C
OMMUNITY .—The term ‘community’ shall have the meaning provided that term by the Administrator. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE COALITION .—The term ‘eligi-ble coalition’ means a coalition that meets the applicable criteria under section 1022(a). ‘‘(4) G
RANT RECIPIENT .—The term ‘grant re-cipient’ means the recipient of a grant award under section 1022. ‘‘(5) P
ROGRAM .—The term ‘Program’ means the program established under section 1021(a). ‘‘(6) S
UBSTANCE USE AND MISUSE .—The term ‘substance use and misuse’ means— ‘‘(A) the illegal use or misuse of drugs, in-cluding substances for which a listing is in effect under any of schedules I through V under section 202 of the Controlled Sub-stances Act (21 U.S.C. 812); ‘‘(B) the misuse of inhalants or over the counter drugs; or ‘‘(C) the use of alcohol, tobacco, or other related product as such use is prohibited by State or local law. ‘‘(7) YOUTH .—The term ‘youth’ shall have the meaning provided that term by the Ad-ministrator. ‘‘§ 1028. Drug–free communities reauthoriza-tion ‘‘(a) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Office to carry out this subchapter $99,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 8 percent of the funds appropriated for this subchapter may be used by the Office or, in the discretion of the Director, an agency delegated to carry out the program under section 1021(d) to pay for administrative costs associated with carrying out the pro-gram.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle I of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘10. Office of National Drug Control 1001’’. 
SEC. 3. HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Office a program to be known as the High In-tensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (2) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the Program is to reduce drug trafficking and drug pro-duction in the United States by— (A) facilitating cooperation among Fed-eral, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment agencies to share information and im-plement coordinated enforcement activities; (B) enhancing law enforcement intel-ligence sharing among Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies; (C) providing reliable law enforcement in-telligence to law enforcement agencies need-ed to design effective enforcement strategies and operations; and (D) supporting coordinated law enforce-ment strategies which maximize use of avail-able resources to reduce the supply of illegal drugs in designated areas and in the United States as a whole. (b) D
ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director, in consulta-tion with the Attorney General, the Sec-retary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the head of each Na-tional Drug Control Program Agency, and the Governor of each applicable State, may designate any specified area of the United States as a high intensity drug trafficking area. (2) A
CTIVITIES .—After making a designa-tion under paragraph (1) and in order to pro-vide Federal assistance to the area so des-ignated, the Director may— (A) obligate such sums as are appropriated for the Program; (B) direct the temporary reassignment of Federal personnel to such area, subject to the approval of the head of the agency that employs such personnel; (C) take any other action authorized under this section or chapter 10 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c), to pro-vide increased Federal assistance to those areas; and (D) coordinate activities under this section (specifically administrative, recordkeeping, and funds management activities) with State, local, and Tribal officials. (c) P
ETITIONS FOR DESIGNATION .—The Di- rector shall establish and maintain regula-tions under which a coalition of interested law enforcement agencies from an area may petition for designation as a high intensity drug trafficking area (in this section referred 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5319 June 20, 2018 
to as the ‘‘HIDTA’’). Such regulations shall provide for a regular review by the Director of the petition, including a recommendation regarding the merit of the petition to the Di-rector by a panel of qualified, independent experts. (d) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In con- sidering whether to designate an area under this section as a high intensity drug traf-ficking area, the Director shall consider, in addition to such other criteria as the Direc-tor considers to be appropriate, the extent to which— (1) the area is a significant center of illegal drug production, manufacturing, importa-tion, or distribution; (2) State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment agencies have committed resources to respond to the drug trafficking problem in the area, thereby indicating a determination to respond aggressively to the problem; (3) drug-related activities in the area are having a significant harmful impact in the area, and in other areas of the country; and (4) a significant increase in allocation of Federal resources is necessary to respond adequately to drug-related activities in the area. (e) O
RGANIZATION OF HIGHINTENSITY DRUG T
RAFFICKING AREAS .— (1) E
XECUTIVE BOARD AND OFFICERS .—To be eligible for funds appropriated under this section, each high intensity drug trafficking area shall be governed by an Executive Board. The Executive Board shall designate a chairman, vice chairman, and any other of-ficers to the Executive Board that it deter-mines are necessary. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Executive Board of a high intensity drug trafficking area shall be responsible for— (A) providing direction and oversight in es-tablishing and achieving the goals of the high intensity drug trafficking area; (B) managing the funds of the high inten-sity drug trafficking area; (C) reviewing and approving all funding proposals consistent with the overall objec-tive of the high intensity drug trafficking area; and (D) reviewing and approving all reports to the Director on the activities of the high in-tensity drug trafficking area. (3) B
OARD REPRESENTATION .—None of the funds appropriated under this section may be expended for any high intensity drug traf-ficking area, or for a partnership or region of a high intensity drug trafficking area, if the Executive Board for such area, region, or partnership, does not apportion an equal number of votes between representatives of participating agencies and representatives of participating State, local, and Tribal agen-cies. Where it is impractical for an equal number of representatives of agencies and State, local, and Tribal agencies to attend a meeting of an Executive Board in person, the Executive Board may use a system of proxy votes or weighted votes to achieve the voting balance required by this paragraph. (4) N
O AGENCY RELATIONSHIP .—The eligi-bility requirements of this section are in-tended to ensure the responsible use of Fed-eral funds. Nothing in this section is in-tended to create an agency relationship be-tween individual high intensity drug traf-ficking areas and the Federal Government. (f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Director shall en-sure that not more than 5 percent of Federal funds appropriated for the Program are ex-pended for substance use disorder treatment programs and not more than 5 percent of the Federal funds appropriated for the Program are expended for drug prevention programs. (g) C
OUNTERTERRORISM ACTIVITIES .— (1) A
SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Director may authorize use of resources available for the Program to assist Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies in in-vestigations and activities related to ter-rorism and prevention of terrorism, espe-cially but not exclusively with respect to such investigations and activities that are also related to drug trafficking. (2) LIMITATION .—The Director shall en-sure— (A) that assistance provided under para-graph (1) remains incidental to the purpose of the Program to reduce drug availability and carry out drug-related law enforcement activities; and (B) that significant resources of the Pro-gram are not redirected to activities exclu-sively related to terrorism, except on a tem-porary basis under extraordinary cir-cumstances, as determined by the Director. (h) R
OLE OF DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINIS -
TRATION .—The Director, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall ensure that a representative of the Drug Enforcement Ad-ministration is included in the Intelligence Support Center for each high intensity drug trafficking area. (i) E
MERGING THREAT RESPONSE FUND.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, the Director may expend up to 10 percent of the amounts ap-propriated under this section on a discre-tionary basis, in accordance with the criteria established under paragraph (2)— (A) to respond to any emerging drug traf-ficking threat in an existing high intensity drug trafficking area; (B) to establish a new high intensity drug trafficking area; or (C) to expand an existing high intensity drug trafficking area. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF IMPACT .—In allo- cating funds under this subsection, the Di-rector shall consider— (A) the impact of activities funded on re-ducing overall drug traffic in the United States, or minimizing the probability that an emerging drug trafficking threat will spread to other areas of the United States; and (B) such other criteria as the Director con-siders appropriate. (j) A
NNUAL HIDTA PROGRAM BUDGET SUB-
MISSIONS .—As part of the documentation that supports the President’s annual budget request for the Office, the Director shall sub-mit to Congress a budget justification that includes— (1) the amount proposed for each HIDTA, conditional upon a review by the Office of the request submitted by such HIDTA and the performance of such HIDTA, with sup-porting narrative descriptions and rationale for each request; (2) a detailed justification that explains— (A) the reasons for the proposed funding level and how such funding level was deter-mined based on a current assessment of the drug trafficking threat in each high inten-sity drug trafficking area; (B) how such funding will ensure that the goals and objectives of each such area will be achieved; and (C) how such funding supports the National Drug Control Strategy; and (3) the amount of HIDTA funds used to in-vestigate and prosecute organizations and individuals trafficking in each major illicit drug, as identified by the Director, in the prior calendar year, and a description of how those funds were used. (k) H
IDTA ANNUAL EVALUATION REPORT .— As part of each report submitted pursuant to section 1006(a) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c), the Director shall include, for each designated high inten-sity drug trafficking area, a report that— (1) describes— (A) the specific purposes for the high inten-sity drug trafficking area; and (B) the specific long-term and short-term goals and objectives for the high intensity drug trafficking area; (2) includes an evaluation of the perform-ance of the high intensity drug trafficking area in accomplishing the specific long-term and short-term goals and objectives identi-fied under subparagraph (1)(B); (3) assesses the number and operation of all federally funded drug enforcement task forces within such high intensity drug traf-ficking area; (4) describes— (A) each Federal, State, local, and Tribal drug enforcement task force operating in such high intensity drug trafficking area; (B) how such task forces coordinate with each other, with any high intensity drug trafficking area task force, and with inves-tigations receiving funds from the Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement Task Force; (C) what steps, if any, each such task force takes to share information regarding drug trafficking and drug production with other federally funded drug enforcement task forces in the high intensity drug trafficking area; (D) the role of the high intensity drug traf-ficking area in coordinating the sharing of such information among task forces; (E) the nature and extent of cooperation by each Federal, State, local, and Tribal partic-ipant in ensuring that such information is shared among law enforcement agencies and with the high intensity drug trafficking area; (F) the nature and extent to which infor-mation sharing and enforcement activities are coordinated with joint terrorism task forces in the high intensity drug trafficking area; and (G) any recommendations for measures needed to ensure that task force resources are utilized efficiently and effectively to re-duce the availability of illegal drugs in the high intensity drug trafficking areas; and (5) in consultation with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence— (A) evaluates existing and planned law en-forcement intelligence systems supported by such high intensity drug trafficking area, or utilized by task forces receiving any funding under the Program, including the extent to which such systems ensure access and avail-ability of law enforcement intelligence to Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment agencies within the high intensity drug trafficking area and outside of such area; (B) evaluates the extent to which Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement agencies participating in each high intensity drug trafficking area are sharing law en-forcement intelligence information to assess current drug trafficking threats and design appropriate enforcement strategies; and (C) identifies the measures needed to im-prove effective sharing of information and law enforcement intelligence regarding drug trafficking and drug production among Fed-eral, State, local, and Tribal law enforce-ment participating in a high intensity drug trafficking area, and between such agencies and similar agencies outside the high inten-sity drug trafficking area. (l) COORDINATION OF LAWENFORCEMENT IN-
TELLIGENCE SHARING WITHORGANIZED CRIME D
RUGENFORCEMENT TASKFORCE PROGRAM .— (1) D
RUG ENFORCEMENT INTELLIGENCE SHAR -
ING.—The Director, in consultation with the Attorney General, shall ensure that any drug enforcement intelligence obtained by the In-telligence Support Center for each high in-tensity drug trafficking area is shared, on a timely basis, with the drug intelligence fu-sion center operated by the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force of the Depart-ment of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5320 June 20, 2018 
(2) C ERTIFICATION .—Before the Director awards any funds to a high intensity drug trafficking area, the Director shall certify that the law enforcement entities partici-pating in that HIDTA are providing labora-tory seizure data to the national clandestine laboratory database at the El Paso Intel-ligence Center. (m) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Office to carry out this section $280,000,000 for each fiscal years 2019 through 2023. (n) S
PECIFIC PURPOSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall ensure that, of the amounts appropriated for a fiscal year for the Program, at least 2.5 percent is used in high intensity drug trafficking areas with severe neighborhood safety and illegal drug distribution problems. (2) R
EQUIRED USES .—The funds used under paragraph (1) shall be used to ensure the safety of neighborhoods and the protection of communities, including the prevention of the intimidation of witnesses of illegal drug distribution and related activities and the establishment of or support for programs that provide protection or assistance to wit-nesses in court proceedings. (3) B
EST PRACTICE MODELS .—The Director shall work with the HIDTAs to develop and maintain best practice models to assist State, local, and Tribal governments in ad-dressing witness safety, relocation, financial and housing assistance, or any other services related to witness protection or assistance in cases of illegal drug distribution and related activities. The Director shall ensure dissemi-nation of the best practice models to each HIDTA. 
SEC. 4. OPIOID CRISIS RESPONSE. 
(a) E MERGING THREAT DESIGNATION .—The Director shall designate opioids and opioid analogues as emerging drug threats, in ac-cordance with section 1009 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c). (b) O
PIOID RESPONSE PLAN.— (1) I
SSUANCE .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall publish, make publicly avail-able, and notify the President and the appro-priate congressional committees of, the plan required under section 1009 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c), to be designated as the ‘‘National Opioid Crisis Re-sponse Plan’’. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The Director shall ensure the plan establishes measurable goals, in-cluding reducing fatal and non-fatal overdoses, and includes the following: (A) An initiative to ensure the United States mail is effectively screened to prevent illicit drugs from entering the United States, including— (i) designating the United States Postal Service as a National Drug Control Program Agency; (ii) directing the United States Postal Service and any other related National Drug Control Program Agency to take any appro-priate actions necessary to reduce the amount of illicit drugs entering the country; and (iii) developing an international coordina-tion plan, in consultation with the National Drug Control Program Agencies and in ac-cordance with section 1010 of such title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c), to include efforts to address international drug control initiatives and strengthen bilat-eral and multilateral strategies to reduce il-licit drugs and precursor chemicals from en-tering the United States through inter-national mail or across land borders or ports of entry. (B) Support for universal adoption of evi-dence-based prescribing guidelines, includ-ing— (i) establishing a task force to supplement existing prescribing guidelines with evi-dence-based standards and to facilitate, co-ordinate, and, as appropriate, conduct re-search to inform such guidelines; (ii) encouraging the adoption of evidence- based prescribing guidelines by each relevant agency, State and local governments, and private sector organizations; (iii) issuing guidance to National Drug Control Program Agencies to, as appro-priate, revise regulations to ensure profes-sionals have effective continuing education requirements; and (iv) disseminating and encouraging the adoption of best practices and evidence- based guidelines for effective prescribing practices. (C) A program to monitor the prescription drug market and illicit drug market for changes in trends relevant to reducing the supply or demand of such drugs. (D) An initiative to facilitate and coordi-nate Federal, State and local government initiatives, studies, and pilot or demonstra-tion programs designed to evaluate the bene-fits of drug courts and related programs that reduce substance use prevalence. (E) A program, developed in coordination with the private sector, to— (i) facilitate the development of treatment and abuse-deterrent products, in accordance with section 1010(c) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c); and (ii) encourage the expansion of medication disposal programs and technology. (F) Initiatives to— (i) encourage the National Drug Control Program Agencies and the program estab-lished under section 1010(d) of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c), to prioritize the development of sentencing standards or model codes for trafficking opioids and opioid analogues; and (ii) to advise States on establishing laws and policies to address opioid issues based on the recommendations developed and set forth by the President’s Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis. (G) A program to identify successful col-lege recovery programs, including sober housing programs that provide a shared liv-ing residence free of alcohol or illicit drug use for individuals recovering from drug or alcohol addiction and substance use dis-orders, on college campuses and disseminate best practices to Colleges and Universities to increase the number and capacity of such programs. (H) Convening working groups, consisting of the appropriate National Drug Control Program Agencies, State, local and Tribal governments, and other appropriate stake-holders, established in accordance with sec-tion 1010 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c)— (i) to support Prescription Drug Moni-toring Programs by— (I) facilitating the sharing and interoper-ability of program data among States and Federal prescription drug monitoring pro-grams; (II) assisting States in increasing utiliza-tion of such programs; (III) facilitating efforts to incorporate available overdose and naloxone deployment data into such programs; (IV) evaluating barriers to integrating pro-gram data with electronic health records; and (V) offering recommendations to address identified barriers; and (ii) to develop standards, and encourage the use of such standards, for the collection of data necessary to understand and monitor the opioid crisis, including— (I) State medical examiner reports on deaths caused by overdoses and related sta-tistical data; and (II) first responder opioid intoxication inci-dents. (I) Research initiatives, to be initiated not later than 30 days after the issuance of the plan, to evaluate the uses and barriers to use of and the effects of improving the following programs: (i) Medication Assisted Treatment. (ii) Data collection systems used to con-firm opioid use by individuals who have been arrested or hospitalized. (J) A requirement for an Advisory Com-mittee on Substance Use Disorder Treatment Standards, to be established not later than 120 days after the issuance of the plan, to promulgate model evidence-based standards for substance use disorder treatment and re-covery facilities which— (i) shall be chaired by the Director; (ii) shall include as members of the advi-sory committee representatives of the rel-evant National Drug Control Program Agen-cies; (iii) may include as members of the advi-sory committee government regulators, State representatives, consumer representa-tives, substance use disorder treatment pro-viders, recovery residence owners and opera-tors, and purchasers of substance use dis-order treatments; and (iv) shall ensure such model standards are promulgated no later than 2 years after the date of the issuance of the plan. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report on the results of the initiatives conducted under subsection (b)(2)(I) and may include rec-ommendations based on such results. (d) G
RANT REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an as-sessment on the feasibility of block grants of Federal funding to States. 
SEC. 5. EXCEPTIONS AND RULES OF CONSTRUC-TION. 
(a) I NAPPLICABILITY TO CERTAIN PRO-
GRAMS .—This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall not apply to the Na-tional Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program, unless such program or an element of such program is designated as a National Drug Control Program— (1) by the President; or (2) jointly by— (A) in the case of the National Intelligence Program, the Director and the Director of National Intelligence; or (B) in the case of the Military Intelligence Program, the Director, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, and the Secretary of De-fense. (b) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Any con-tents of any report required under this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, that involve information properly classified under criteria established by an Executive order shall be presented to Congress separately from the rest of such report. (c) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—To the extent practicable, the Director and the head of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to carry out agency require-ments under this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 6. GAO AUDIT AND REPORTS. 
Not later than three and six years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall— (1) conduct an audit relating to the pro-grams and operations of— (A) the Office; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5321 June 20, 2018 
(B) certain programs within the Office, in-cluding— (i) the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program; (ii) the Drug-Free Communities Program; and (iii) the campaign under section 1009(d) of title 31, as added by section 2(c); and (2) submit to the Director and the appro-priate congressional committees a report containing an evaluation of and rec-ommendations on the— (A) policies and activities of the programs and operations subject to the audit; (B) economy, efficiency, and effectiveness in the administration of the reviewed pro-grams and operations; and (C) policy or management changes needed to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in such programs and operations. 
SEC. 7. REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS TO THE LAW.—The following provisions are repealed: (1) The Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–277; 21 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (2) Chapter 2 of the National Narcotics Leadership Act of 1988 (Public Law 100–690; 21 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). (3) Section 203 of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 21 U.S.C. 1708a). (4) Section 1105 of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 21 U.S.C. 1701 note). (5) Section 1110 of Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 21 U.S.C. 1705 note). (6) Section 1110A of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–469; 21 U.S.C. 1705 note). (7) Section 4 of Public Law 107–82 (21 U.S.C. 1521 note). (b) E
FFECT ON THE CODE.—The Law Revi-sion Counsel shall ensure that the website and any other publication issued after the date of the enactment of this Act for the Of-fice of the Law Revision Counsel shows that the laws reflected in subchapter II of chapter 20 and chapter 22 of nonpositive law title 21 of the United States Code have been re-pealed. 
SEC. 8. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act, the terms ‘‘agency’’, ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’, ‘‘Direc-tor’’, ‘‘drug’’, ‘‘emerging drug threat,’’ ‘‘il-licit drug use’’, ‘‘illicit drugs’’, ‘‘National Drug Control Program Agencies’’, and ‘‘Of-fice’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 1001 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 2(c). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5925, introduced by the gen-tleman from South Carolina, Chairman G
OWDY . The Coordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing, or CRISIS, Act is a bill to re-authorize the Office of National Drug Control. This relatively small office plays an important role in coordi-nating the Nation’s drug control ef-forts. The office has become increas-ingly important as we look to engage governmentwide initiatives to combat the opioid epidemic. Over the past 2 weeks, we have passed many good bills to help combat the opioid epidemic. Each will move us closer to ending the opioid crisis. This bill is a critical piece of the puz-zle. It ensures Federal, State, and local governments work with each other and other nongovernmental entities to achieve the results we are seeking. Congress needs to provide the Office of National Drug Control the authorities it needs to lead the effort to combat the opioid crisis. The CRISIS Act does just that. The CRISIS Act updates and reaf-firms the office’s important role. That includes strengthening certain authori-ties to empower the office in the midst of this devastating epidemic. The opioid epidemic has impacted nearly every community across the Na-tion. One person dies about every 4 hours from an opioid overdose. One of the most important aspects of this bill is a comprehensive response plan. It is not enough to simply have a plan. We need action and follow-through to end the opioid crisis. The CRISIS Act requires measurable objectives so we know whether the pro-grams we are funding are working. Accountability is at the heart of this bill. The CRISIS Act requires the Of-fice of National Drug Control to de-velop a national strategy to be carried out by a wide array of agencies. It then requires the office to oversee and co-ordinate implementation of that strat-egy each year. It requires the office to measure whether the agencies are meeting the specific goals of that strategy. Our colleagues in the House and Sen-ate are advancing a number of bills to address the opioid epidemic, and new initiatives are being announced daily. I offered an amendment in committee markup, with the support of Congress-man RASKIN , which brings in require-ments from the CODE RED Act, spon-sored by the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The CODE RED Act and the amend-ment require a coordinated tracking system of the Federal funding to be put toward drug control efforts throughout the country. This system includes a central repository of grants related to substance abuse treatment, prevention, and enforcement, and to identify those which are duplicative. The government needs to know ex-actly what it is spending, where it is going, and if it is working. This is not the time to invest in ineffective strate-gies. We need to identify resources that work and apply Federal resources ac-cordingly. I would like to thank my fellow com-mittee members for accepting the amendment, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. RASKIN ) for offering it with me, and, of course, Mr. R
OTHFUS for all the work he has done in finding an ef-fective approach to tackle the opioid crisis. There are many bills and proposals that seek to end the opioid crisis, but it will only be possible with commit-ment to a coordinated strategy and a unified approach. This bill, through the reauthorization of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control, will provide the coordination, strategy, and unified ap-proach we need. This is an important and timely bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 5, 2018. Hon. E
DWARD ROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 5925, the ‘‘Co-ordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act,’’ with an amendment, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with ad-ditional referrals to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Ju-diciary, Intelligence, and Appropriations. I ask you allow the Committee on Foreign Affairs to be discharged from further consid-eration of the bill so it may be scheduled for floor consideration by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your juris-diction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Foreign Affairs represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, June 5, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GOWDY : Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 5925, the Coordinated Re-sponse through Interagency Strategy and In-formation Sharing Act, and for accommo-dating appropriate edits in the amended text of the bill. I agree that the Foreign Affairs Committee may be discharged from further action on this bill, subject to the understanding that this waiver does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Foreign Affairs Committee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. The Committee also re-serves the right to seek an appropriate num-ber of conferees to any House-Senate con-ference involving this bill, and would appre-ciate your support for any such request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.008 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5322 June 20, 2018 
I ask that you place our exchange of let-ters into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation, and look forward to con-tinuing to work with you as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. D
EVIN NUNES , Chairman, Permanent Select Committee on In-telligence, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 5925, the ‘‘Co-ordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act,’’ with an amendment, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with ad-ditional referrals to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Ju-diciary, Intelligence, and Appropriations. I ask you allow the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so it may be scheduled for floor consideration by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Con-gressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , PER-
MANENT SELECT COMMITTEE ON IN-
TELLIGENCE , Washington, DC, June 11, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Government and Over-sight Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, H.R. 5925, the ‘‘Coordinate Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Shar-ing Act’’ was additionally referred to the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence. In order to expedite the House’s consider-ation of the measure, and in response to your letter dated June 8, 2018, the Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence will forgo consideration of the measure. This courtesy is conditioned on our mutual understanding and agreement that it will in no way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence with respect to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the res-olution or any similar measure. I appreciate your support to the appointment of Members from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I would appreciate you including our ex-change of letters in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 5925. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this and other matters between our respective com-mittees. Sincerely, DEVIN NUNES , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 18, 2018. Hon. R
ODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 5925, the Co-ordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act, with an amendment, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with ad-ditional referrals to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Ju-diciary, Intelligence, and Appropriations. I ask you allow the Committee on Appro-priations to be discharged from further con-sideration of the bill so it may be scheduled for floor consideration by the Majority Lead-er. This discharge in no way affects your ju-risdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Appro-priations represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS , Washington, DC, June 19, 2018. Hon. T
REYGOWDY , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 5925, the Coordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act. As you know, cer-tain provisions of the bill fall within the ju-risdiction of Committee on Appropriations. So that H.R. 5925 may proceed expedi-tiously to the House Floor, I agree to dis-charging the Committee on Appropriations from further consideration thereof, subject to the understanding that forgoing formal consideration of the bill will not prejudice the Committee on Appropriations with re-spect to any future jurisdictional claim. The Committee on Appropriations also reserves the right to seek an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference on this or related legislation. I request you include our exchange of let-ters in the bill report filed by your Com-mittee, as well as in the Congressional Record during consideration of the bill on the floor. Sincerely, R
ODNEY P. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 19, 2018. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 5925, the Co-ordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act, with an amendment, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with ad-ditional referrals to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Ju-diciary, Intelligence, and Appropriations. I ask you allow the Committee on the Ju-diciary to be discharged from further consid-eration of the bill so it may be scheduled for floor consideration by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your juris-diction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judi-ciary represented on the conference com-mittee. Finally, I would be pleased to in-clude this letter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, TREYGOWDY . 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, June 19, 2018. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Committee on Energy and Commerce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On May 23, 2018, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered reported H.R. 5925, the Co-ordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act, with an amendment, by voice vote. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with ad-ditional referrals to the Committees on En-ergy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Ju-diciary, Intelligence, and Appropriations. I ask you allow the Committee on Energy and Commerce to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so it may be sched-uled for floor consideration by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, should a con-ference on the bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Energy and Commerce represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any re-sponse in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Thank you for your consideration of my request. Sincerely, T
REYGOWDY . 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man G
OWDY for his leadership and for working together to craft this legisla-tion. I thank Chairman M
EADOWS and Ranking Member C
ONNOLLY for helping us reach the compromises that made this legislation possible. In 1988, Mr. Speaker, Congress cre-ated the Office of National Drug Con-trol Policy. This is the office that should be coordinating our Nation’s drug control efforts and leading our re-sponse to the drug crisis, which is now, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.017 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5323 June 20, 2018 
by the way, killing 175 people per day. Let me repeat that: killing 175 people per day. However, ONDCP is failing, just when we need it the most. In fact, an article published this week described the of-fice this way: ‘‘empty desks, squabbles, inexperienced staff.’’ The failure is glaring. For example, the office is required to produce a na-tional drug control strategy by Feb-ruary 1 of each year. Two February 1sts have now come and two have gone since President Trump took office, but the Trump administration still has not come up with a solution to this most glaring and painful problem. This is simply unacceptable. Life expectancy in this Nation is fall-ing because we are failing to respond appropriately to this drug crisis. We urgently need to revitalize and strengthen ONDCP. H.R. 5925, the CRISIS Act, would make changes we need and would im-prove our drug control efforts if it is fully funded and implemented—fully funded and implemented. b1215 It would expand the office’s author-ity to direct resources where they are most needed. It would strengthen data collection and analysis to help us de-velop the real-time monitoring we need to understand the rapidly changing di-mensions of the opioid crisis. The bill incorporates several pro-posals I have offered to give ONDCP new authorities to coordinate critical aspects of our response to the crisis. I have often said that we must go about the business of being effective and efficient in what we do. These are examples of things that will make ONDCP more effective and efficient in addressing this problem. For example, for the first time ever, it would create a treatment coordi-nator within the office responsible for coordinating efforts to expand the availability and quality of evidence- based treatment. It would also require the office to de-velop and promulgate model standards for treatment facilities. Right now, too many so-called treatment facilities are taking advantage of desperate families, charging them outlandish prices, bilking insurance companies, but fail-ing to help those in need. As a matter of fact, many people are going into these places seeking to get treatment and come out worse off because they are not being properly treated. Remember what I said: We want to be effective and efficient in what we do, and we want to make sure that tax-payers’ dollars are spent appropriately. I believe that if H.R. 5925 is enacted and fully implemented, it will improve our drug control efforts, and, for that reason, I am supporting the measure. However, I want to be real clear about something. Even if this bill is en-acted and fully implemented, the drug crisis we are facing will likely get worse. That is because this bill does not provide the resources we need to treat millions of Americans who have the disease of addiction. According to the President’s own commission on opioids, only 10 percent of individuals who need treatment for substance abuse disorders are getting it. No one believes that we can fight cancer, or heart disease, or Alzheimer’s if we don’t treat people who have these diseases. The same is true here. Imagine someone going into a doc-tor’s office and the doctor says: Well, you are the 10th person, and you are lucky to get treatment. But the other nine who came before you won’t get any treatment. We will not stand for that. If we don’t treat people who are addicted, we will not solve the drug crisis. We may pass this bill today, cele-brate the passage, and say we did a great job. We may work with the Sen-ate to send it to the President. The President might even sign it. But then, next year’s overdose fatality numbers will come out. They will show that deaths are continuing to rise. They will show emergency room visits increasing again. They will show the economic ef-fects of a crisis that is already costing us $500 billion a year continuing to grow. It doesn’t have to be this way. No, it doesn’t have to be this way. We don’t have to just nibble at the edges or rear-range the deck chairs on the Titanic. I have introduced legislation called the CARE Act with Senator E
LIZABETH  W
ARREN , modeled directly on the high-ly successful Ryan White Act, which Congress passed with bipartisan sup-port in 1990 to address the AIDS crisis. The CARE Act would provide $10 bil-lion a year in stable, predictable Fed-eral funding to States, counties, and other frontline responders. The CARE Act would provide funds for research to train health professionals to diagnose and treat addiction. It would also pro-vide half a billion dollars per year to purchase the lifesaving drug naloxone at discounted prices and distribute it to first responders, public health agen-cies, and the public. I offered the CARE Act as an amend-ment to this measure considered this week. My amendment was paid for by rolling back just a portion of the tax cuts given by the Republican-con-trolled Congress to the Nation’s largest corporations, including the drug com-panies who have used their tax breaks to buy back billions of dollars’ worth of stock rather than lower drug prices. By the way, there is something wrong with that picture. But the Republican leadership did not make my amendment in order. The House never considered it. I support H.R. 5925 and our critical efforts to ensure that we have an office that will effectively and efficiently co-ordinate our drug control efforts. How-ever, what our Nation truly needs is for us to show the political courage to choose to save the lives of our fellow Americans by adequately funding treatment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the support of my colleague for this bipartisan ef-fort to address the opioid crisis in this country. I also appreciate his emphasis on effectively and efficiently address-ing that crisis. I will note that in the last appropria-tion cycle, we increased funding for opioid treatment by almost $4 billion in this year alone. There is much work to be done; it is a crisis; and we will work together to address that crisis. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), the cosponsor of the bill. Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this particular initiative in managing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5925, the CRISIS Act, a bill I cospon-sored with Chairman G
OWDY ; my good friend, the ranking member, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ; as well as the ranking member of the Government Operations Sub-committee and good friend, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY . I want to begin by thanking my col-leagues for coming together on this bi-partisan bill. H.R. 5925 reauthorizes the Office of National Drug Control Policy and gives the office greater responsi-bility by enhancing the office’s author-ity to coordinate and oversee the na-tional drug control program at the na-tional, State, and local levels. It provides communities with a proc-ess for sharing information and best practices, and implements rec-ommendations from the President’s opioid commission. It requires an opioid response plan to coordinate with the private sector the implementation of the commission’s recommendations and to facilitate the development of treatment and abuse- deterrent products. Finally, this bill designates the United States Postal Service as a na-tional drug control program agency and requires the office to coordinate actions to reduce the flow of illicit drugs entering the country through the mail. The ongoing opioid epidemic has taken countless lives, touching lit-erally every community in the coun-try. The national response to this epi-demic involves Federal, State, and local governments. It involves the treatment community, the medical community, the law enforcement com-munity, and places of worship. As we mobilize a national response, we must ensure that every effort to combat this epidemic works and works well. We have all heard too many trag-ic, life-changing, and, far too often, life-ending stories of opioid addiction. There is no easy way to end this epi-demic. By establishing an effective na-tional response to this epidemic, this bill will support the people and the communities struggling with this ad-diction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.035 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5324 June 20, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, it is the very lives of our friends, our neighbors, and our family members that depend on us. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. I would also like to go a little bit fur-ther, though, because so many times, when we come together in a bipartisan way, it is Members of Congress who are up here taking the credit for the hard work of a group that actually, behind the scenes, are doing the work. I thank all of the majority staff—Katy Rother, Richard Burkard, Betsy Ferguson, and Sarah Vance; and to Ranking Member C
UMMINGS ’ staff, for all of their work and dedication as well. And I also thank Sally Walker from the Office of Legislative Counsel. Many times, they do the work on the bills behind the scene and nobody ever sees them or thanks them. So, on this day, I want to make sure that we acknowledge their effort, that it doesn’t go unnoticed. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a mo-ment, before I yield to my distin-guished colleague, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , to echo what my good friend just said about our staffs. I, too, thank our staffs for all that they have done. So often they are un-seen, unnoticed, and feel, I am sure, unappreciated and unapplauded. But our staffs worked very, very hard on this, and I, too, give the ultimate ap-plause to them. I want to thank you for recognizing them. Mr. Speaker, I also thank Mr. M
EAD-
OWS for working so hard to bring all this together. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ), the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, a man who has just been tireless on this issue and so many oth-ers, but who has done such a phe-nomenal job. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) and my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ) for their leadership. But I particularly want to thank my good friend from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). Mr. C
UMMINGS is not only a legisla-tive expert, but he is also a moral voice. He speaks with clarity and elo-quence, as he did yesterday, about in-nocent children being detained at the southern border as an un-American ac-tivity, something that does not reflect our values. And today, he is lending that same moral voice to the crisis that afflicts so many communities in America: the opioid addiction crisis. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Coordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act, or the CRISIS Act, to re-authorize and revamp the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy. The chairman and ranking member of our full committee worked closely together and with committee members to produce a bipartisan bill that was reported out of the committee unani-mously. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of the CRISIS Act, which not only reauthorizes ONDCP, but also strengthens that office so that it has the resources it needs to coordinate an effective response to the opioid crisis. And that is something Mr. CUMMINGS  stressed. It is not good enough to do something symbolic. We have to ensure it is effective. ONDCP’s responsibilities are to produce a national drug control strategy. b1230 Congress created it in 1988 at the height of the crack cocaine epidemic to oversee Federal drug control efforts and to advise the President and the ad-ministration on drug control policies and strategies. It was designed to oversee the Na-tional Drug Control Budget to carry out the goals and policies of that strat-egy, and to evaluate the effectiveness of programs across the Federal Govern-ment in implementing the strategy, and to oversee the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas and Drug Free Com-munities initiatives. Congress last authorized the ONDCP in 2006. The authorization expired in 2010. That is 8 years ago. Since then, we have developed an opioid crisis the magnitude of which we have never seen in America. While ONDCP has continued to re-ceive annual appropriations, it is im-portant that Congress reauthorize this program and reflect the crisis we are in. The opioid epidemic that is currently ravaging communities has taken hun-dreds of thousands of lives and shows no signs of abating. Every day, 115 Americans die from an opioid overdose. The epidemic is destroying families, overwhelming first responders, strain-ing public health, criminal justice, and child welfare resources. This epidemic doesn’t care where you live or what political party you belong to. The crisis has touched every com-munity and every corner of our coun-try. In my State, the Commonwealth of Virginia, opioid overdose deaths spiked by 40 percent to 1,133 from 2015 to 2016, and deaths from synthetic opioids rose from 263 to 692 during that time period. Northern Virginia, where I represent the good people of Fairfax and Prince William Counties, Fairfax County, for example, reported an increase from 67 to 97 opioid-related deaths from 2015 to 2016. And Prince William County, the other county I represent, increased from 26 to 59 deaths in this time period. Last month, Dr. Rahul Gupta, Com-missioner of the West Virginia Bureau of Public Health, testified before our committee, and he said that the crisis will get worse before it gets better. That was not welcome news. Yet despite the President’s pledges and his own Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis recommendation that he declare an opioid crisis national emergency, the President, President Trump, took the lesser step of declaring a public health emergency last October. Seventeen months into this adminis-tration, ONDCP is still without a con-firmed director and the administration has failed to produce a National Drug Control Strategy. Instead, the President, President Trump, proposed cutting ONDCP’s budget by more than 90 percent. Thank goodness Congress, on a bipartisan basis, did not heed that recommenda-tion. Just earlier this week, the acting head of the Drug Enforcement Agency announced he is going to be retiring at the end of the month, stating that run-ning that agency in an acting capacity for so long had become increasingly challenging. As this administration continues to fail to address the opioid epidemic, it is imperative that we take immediate and decisive action on a bipartisan basis. Reauthorizing the Office of National Drug Control Policy with enhanced au-thorities will improve the coordination and effectiveness of Federal Govern-ment drug control efforts. It is one of the many steps we can take to address the opioid epidemic. It won’t solve ev-erything, but it is a very important first step. I hope the administration will join us in fighting this crisis with real solu-tions and not empty rhetoric. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join us in supporting this impor-tant bill. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the support of my colleague from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) for this bipartisan effort. I certainly hope the American people have the opportunity to see this effort as we address this crisis on a bipartisan basis. Far too frequently, they see con-flict and disagreement put forth by media and other sources, but there is a great deal we work together on, and I think we need to stress that as we talk to people about this crisis. Mr. Speaker, in a moment, I will yield to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), but first let me give him credit, because he is the spon-sor of legislation on which my amend-ment was based, H.R. 5980, the CODE RED Act. The CODE RED Act, like the amend-ment I offered with Mr. R
ASKIN in com-mittee, requires a coordinated tracking system of Federal funding put towards drug control efforts throughout our country. It is a smart idea, especially given the opioid epidemic in our Na-tion and the costs of it, and I strongly supported it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
ITCHELL for yielding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.037 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5325 June 20, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5925, the Coordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act, or the CRISIS Act. This bill reauthorizes the Office of National Drug Control Policy, which has not been reauthorized in a very long time. It makes needed overhauls and updates to the office and even streamlines the name of the office to the Office of National Drug Control, or ONDC. Mr. Speaker, I commend Chairman G
OWDY and Ranking Member C UMMINGS  for working in a bipartisan manner. I also thank Representative M
ITCHELL  and Representative R
ASKIN for working with me to incorporate the first two recommendations of the President’s opioid commission into the CRISIS Act. I introduced a separate bill, the Co-ordinated Overdose and Drug Epidemic Response to the Emergency Declara-tion Act, or CODE RED Act, that au-thorizes ONDC to address those com-mission recommendations. ONDC will now be authorized to im-plement a coordinated tracking system of all federally-funded initiatives and grants. This will help identify barriers and gaps in Federal efforts responding to the opioid crisis and it identifies places where efforts are being dupli-cated and potentially wasted. This leg-islation improves the grant application process by standardizing and stream-lining it. The mission here is to deploy Federal resources to localities that need them quickly and efficiently instead of local-ities wasting valuable time and re-sources filling out various agency ap-plications. More broadly, the CRISIS Act will foster better government coordination and strategic planning. ONDC has cross-agency jurisdiction to coordinate the efforts among different agencies, like HHS and DOJ. When agencies work together, the force-multiplying effect can make a huge difference. We are making progress on the opioid crisis. Bipartisan bills like the CRISIS Act will help win this fight and help the people engage in the fight, like the North Hills of Pittsburgh’s Tracy Law-less. Tracy participated in the President’s Commission on Combating Drug Addic-tion and continues to help find solu-tions back in Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank her and every-one else who is making a difference. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I want to make the gentleman from Maryland aware that I have no further speakers and I am prepared to close. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I must point out that my Republican colleagues say they want to address the opioid crisis, yet they are standing silent as the Trump administration actively tries to destroy the Affordable Care Act protec-tions for people with pre-existing con-ditions, which, by the way, includes substance use disorders. If we aren’t going to take available steps to expand access to addiction treatment, at least we should all agree that we shouldn’t roll back protections that prevent insurance companies from discriminating against people with sub-stance use disorders. Therefore, we should all be working to protect the Affordable Care Act from the Trump administration’s effort to destroy the essential protections it provides. Again, I remind all of us that ONDCP is a very important entity and it has a job to do, and it must be properly fund-ed. A lot of people, when they give sta-tistics about opioids and drugs, Mr. Speaker, they find themselves speak-ing about the dead. Well, I am here to tell you that there are pipelines to death, and those are the people who are addicted now. Those are the ones who are thinking about it, about to start using those drugs. So we must address not only the deaths and the statistics, but we must address treatment that is effective and efficient. Mr. Speaker, again, I am urging my colleagues to vote for this bill, but I want it to be clear that we should not dust our hands off and say it is done. It is not done. There is so much more to do. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote for this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-league’s support of the bill. In my brief time here, a year and a half, it has be-come abundantly clear to me that rare-ly do we get to dust off our hands and say we are done around here. It has also become clear to me that the debate of the bill rarely stays on the topic of the bill or solely on the topic of the bill. You see, the ACA, the Affordable Care Act, is not the sole ap-proach to addressing healthcare issues in this country, preexisting conditions, or the preexisting conditions that are affected by drug abuse. I believe when we passed the Amer-ican Health Care Act in this House, that that addressed preexisting condi-tions, treatment for substance abuse, and, using the words of my colleague, did so more effectively and efficiently than the Affordable Care Act does now. We clearly disagree on that. I respect that, and will continue to work on it. Today, we are dealing with this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage of this bill, because I believe that H.R. 5925 is an important step not only in reauthorizing the Of-fice of National Drug Control, but also in providing additional resources to do so. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5925, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
OVERDOSE PREVENTION AND PATIENT SAFETY ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 949, I call up the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the con-fidentiality of substance use disorder patient records, and ask for its imme-diate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 949, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–75 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 6082 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Overdose Pre-vention and Patient Safety Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONFIDENTIALITY AND DISCLOSURE OF RECORDS RELATING TO SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER. 
(a) C ONFORMING CHANGES RELATING TO SUB-
STANCE USEDISORDER .—Subsections (a) and (h) of section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2) are each amended by strik-ing ‘‘substance abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘substance use disorder’’. (b) D
ISCLOSURES TO COVERED ENTITIES CON-
SISTENT WITHHIPAA.—Paragraph (2) of section 543(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) To a covered entity or to a program or activity described in subsection (a), for the pur-poses of treatment, payment, and health care operations, so long as such disclosure is made in accordance with HIPAA privacy regulation. Any redisclosure of information so disclosed may only be made in accordance with this sec-tion.’’. (c) D
ISCLOSURES OF DE-IDENTIFIED HEALTH  I
NFORMATION TO PUBLIC HEALTH AUTHORI -
TIES.—Paragraph (2) of section 543(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2(b)), as amended by subsection (b), is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) To a public health authority, so long as such content meets the standards established in section 164.514(b) of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations) for cre-ating de-identified information.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Subsection (b) of section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘covered en-tity’ has the meaning given such term for pur-poses of HIPAA privacy regulation. ‘‘(B) H
EALTH CARE OPERATIONS .—The term ‘health care operations’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of HIPAA privacy regu-lation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.038 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5326 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(C) HIPAA PRIVACY REGULATION .—The term ‘HIPAA privacy regulation’ has the meaning given such term under section 1180(b)(3) of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(D) I
NDIVIDUALLY IDENTIFIABLE HEALTH IN -
FORMATION .—The term ‘individually identifiable health information’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of HIPAA privacy regulation. ‘‘(E) P
AYMENT .—The term ‘payment’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of HIPAA privacy regulation. ‘‘(F) P
UBLIC HEALTH AUTHORITY .—The term ‘public health authority’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of HIPAA privacy regu-lation. ‘‘(G) T
REATMENT .—The term ‘treatment’ has the meaning given such term for purposes of HIPAA privacy regulation.’’. (e) U
SE OF RECORDS IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL, OR A
DMINISTRATIVE INVESTIGATIONS , ACTIONS , OR P
ROCEEDINGS .—Subsection (c) of section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd– 2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) U
SE OF RECORDS IN CRIMINAL , CIVIL, OR A
DMINISTRATIVE CONTEXTS .—Except as other-wise authorized by a court order under sub-section (b)(2)(C) or by the consent of the pa-tient, a record referred to in subsection (a) may not— ‘‘(1) be entered into evidence in any criminal prosecution or civil action before a Federal or State court; ‘‘(2) form part of the record for decision or otherwise be taken into account in any pro-ceeding before a Federal agency; ‘‘(3) be used by any Federal, State, or local agency for a law enforcement purpose or to con-duct any law enforcement investigation of a pa-tient; or ‘‘(4) be used in any application for a war-rant.’’. (f) P
ENALTIES .—Subsection (f) of section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd– 2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) P
ENALTIES .—The provisions of sections 1176 and 1177 of the Social Security Act shall apply to a violation of this section to the extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to a violation of part C of title XI of such Act. In applying the previous sentence— ‘‘(1) the reference to ‘this subsection’ in sub-section (a)(2) of such section 1176 shall be treat-ed as a reference to ‘this subsection (including as applied pursuant to section 543(f) of the Pub-lic Health Service Act)’; and ‘‘(2) in subsection (b) of such section 1176— ‘‘(A) each reference to ‘a penalty imposed under subsection (a)’ shall be treated as a ref-erence to ‘a penalty imposed under subsection (a) (including as applied pursuant to section 543(f) of the Public Health Service Act)’; and ‘‘(B) each reference to ‘no damages obtained under subsection (d)’ shall be treated as a ref-erence to ‘no damages obtained under sub-section (d) (including as applied pursuant to section 543(f) of the Public Health Service Act)’.’’. (g) A
NTIDISCRIMINATION .—Section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) A
NTIDISCRIMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No entity shall discriminate against an individual on the basis of informa-tion received by such entity pursuant to a dis-closure made under subsection (b) in— ‘‘(A) admission or treatment for health care; ‘‘(B) hiring or terms of employment; ‘‘(C) the sale or rental of housing; or ‘‘(D) access to Federal, State, or local courts. ‘‘(2) R
ECIPIENTS OF FEDERAL FUNDS .—No re- cipient of Federal funds shall discriminate against an individual on the basis of informa-tion received by such recipient pursuant to a disclosure made under subsection (b) in afford-ing access to the services provided with such funds.’’. (h) N
OTIFICATION IN CASE OF BREACH .—Sec- tion 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2), as amended by subsection (g), is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) NOTIFICATION IN CASE OF BREACH .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION OF HITECH NOTIFICATION OF  
BREACH PROVISIONS .—The provisions of section 13402 of the HITECH Act (42 U.S.C. 17932) shall apply to a program or activity described in sub-section (a), in case of a breach of records de-scribed in subsection (a), to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions apply to a covered entity in the case of a breach of unse-cured protected health information. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘covered entity’ and ‘unsecured protected health information’ have the meanings given to such terms for purposes of such section 13402.’’. (i) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that any person treating a patient through a program or activity with respect to which the confidentiality requirements of sec-tion 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2) apply should access the applica-ble State-based prescription drug monitoring program as a precaution against substance use disorder. (j) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with appro-priate Federal agencies, shall make such revi-sions to regulations as may be necessary for im-plementing and enforcing the amendments made by this section, such that such amendments shall apply with respect to uses and disclosures of information occurring on or after the date that is 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) E
ASILY UNDERSTANDABLE NOTICE OF PRI -
VACY PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with appropriate experts, shall update section 164.520 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, so that covered entities provide notice, written in plain language, of privacy practices regard-ing patient records referred to in section 543(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2(a)), including— (A) a statement of the patient’s rights, includ-ing self-pay patients, with respect to protected health information and a brief description of how the individual may exercise these rights (as required by paragraph (b)(1)(iv) of such section 164.520); and (B) a description of each purpose for which the covered entity is permitted or required to use or disclose protected health information without the patient’s written authorization (as required by paragraph (b)(2) of such section 164.520). (k) D
EVELOPMENT AND DISSEMINATION OF  M
ODEL TRAINING PROGRAMS FOR SUBSTANCE  U
SEDISORDER PATIENT RECORDS .— (1) I
NITIAL PROGRAMS AND MATERIALS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in consultation with appropriate experts, shall identify the following model pro-grams and materials (or if no such programs or materials exist, recognize private or public enti-ties to develop and disseminate such programs and materials): (A) Model programs and materials for training health care providers (including physicians, emergency medical personnel, psychiatrists, psy-chologists, counselors, therapists, nurse practi-tioners, physician assistants, behavioral health facilities and clinics, care managers, and hos-pitals, including individuals such as general counsels or regulatory compliance staff who are responsible for establishing provider privacy policies) concerning the permitted uses and dis-closures, consistent with the standards and reg-ulations governing the privacy and security of substance use disorder patient records promul-gated by the Secretary under section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2), as amended by this section, for the confidentiality of patient records. (B) Model programs and materials for training patients and their families regarding their rights to protect and obtain information under the standards and regulations described in subpara-graph (A). (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The model programs and materials described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall address circumstances under which disclosure of substance use dis-order patient records is needed to— (A) facilitate communication between sub-stance use disorder treatment providers and other health care providers to promote and pro-vide the best possible integrated care; (B) avoid inappropriate prescribing that can lead to dangerous drug interactions, overdose, or relapse; and (C) notify and involve families and caregivers when individuals experience an overdose. (3) P
ERIODIC UPDATES .—The Secretary shall— (A) periodically review and update the model programs and materials identified or developed under paragraph (1); and (B) disseminate such updated programs and materials to the individuals described in para-graph (1)(A). (4) I
NPUT OF CERTAIN ENTITIES .—In identi- fying, reviewing, or updating the model pro-grams and materials under this subsection, the Secretary shall solicit the input of relevant stakeholders. (l) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to limit— (1) a patient’s right, as described in section 164.522 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, to request a restric-tion on the use or disclosure of a record referred to in section 543(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2(a)) for purposes of treat-ment, payment, or health care operations; or (2) a covered entity’s choice, as described in section 164.506 of title 45, Code of Federal Regu-lations, or any successor regulation, to obtain the consent of the individual to use or disclose a record referred to in such section 543(a) to carry out treatment, payment, or health care operation. (m) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) patients have the right to request a restric-tion on the use or disclosure of a record referred to in section 543(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2(a)) for treatment, pay-ment, or health care operations; and (2) covered entities should make every reason-able effort to the extent feasible to comply with a patient’s request for a restriction regarding such use or disclosure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
UR-
GESS) and the gentleman from New Jer-sey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 6082. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.009 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5327 June 20, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, over the course of the past several months, the Energy and Commerce’s Subcommittee on Health held four legislative hearings on bills to address the opioid epidemic and re-ported 57 bills to the full committee. Of those 57 bills, only one received its own discrete hearing. That bill was H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Pa-tient Safety Act, introduced by Rep-resentatives M
ULLIN and B LUMENAUER . b1245 As a physician, I believe it is vital that doctors have all of the appropriate information to determine the proper course of treatment for a patient, en-suring patient safety and privacy, as required by Federal regulation known as HIPAA. The Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act maintains the original intent of the 1970s statute be-hind 42 CFR part 2 by protecting pa-tients and improving care coordina-tion. In fact, the bill increases protections for those seeking treatment by more severely penalizing those who illegally share patient data than under the cur-rent statute. Current part 2 law does not protect individuals from discrimi-nation based on their treatment records and, to this date, there have been no criminal actions undertaken to enforce part 2. This bill has a wide range of support from national and State organizations. Since the bill was introduced, the En-ergy and Commerce Committee has heard from over 100 organizations in its support. Arguably, the most notable support for this legislation comes from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration in the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. Dr. Elinore McCance-Katz, the Assist-ant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, wrote to Mr. M
ULLIN in March, stating that SAMHSA ‘‘is en-couraged to see Congress examine the benefits of aligning part 2 with HIPAA. Patient privacy is, of course, critical but so too is patient access to safe, ef-fective, and coordinated treatment.’’ I agree with Dr. McCance-Katz that in order to ensure patient safety, phy-sicians must have secure access to pa-tient records, including substance use disorder information. When this infor-mation is not provided to healthcare professionals, they may end up pre-scribing medications that have dan-gerous drug interactions or may lead a patient who is in recovery to be inap-propriately prescribed an opioid and fall back into addiction. One particular complication driven by 42 CFR part 2 directly impacts the care for pregnant women and their in-fants. For women who are pregnant, part 2 does not allow redisclosure of substance use disorder medical docu-mentation to the women’s OB/GYN doctor, primary care physician, or health home without their written con-sent. This leads to fragmented care, which opens up the mother and her baby to potential harm. Centerstone, one of the Nation’s larg-est not-for-profit healthcare organiza-tions, notes that ‘‘mothers who con-tinue to use during pregnancy and who do not wish to sign secondary releases to allow their care providers to treat them comprehensively put their un-born children at risk for addiction.’’ Centerstone watches these women and their infants suffer right before their eyes, but, because of part 2, Centerstone cannot share the informa-tion to ensure that the mother and baby are getting proper care. As an OB/GYN physician myself, I cannot imagine having this informa-tion withheld. Such a situation would leave me with the inability to treat the whole patient and ensure that the mother is healthy and her baby is not on a path for addiction. In another situation, a patient was referred to a treatment center fol-lowing an emergency room visit for an overdose. The patient was not able to give written consent to his providers due to acute intoxication. Due to a lack of written consent and 42 CFR part 2, the treatment facility could not communicate to the ER and learn about the patient’s condition or con-firm that the patient had, indeed, en-rolled in a drug treatment center, fur-ther delaying critical care coordina-tion. There is clear evidence that part 2 is a massive roadblock to providing safe, quality, and coordinated care to indi-viduals suffering from substance use disorder. The issue of the stigma associated with substance use disorder has been a constant in all of the discussions that we have had, both in our offices and in our hearings. In April, we heard from numerous individuals who were parents of children who died from opioid overdoses. Some noted that their chil-dren were afraid to seek help from their families or from healthcare pro-fessionals because they were embar-rassed or they felt stigmatized. We should enable physicians to fully care for these patients suffering from substance use disorder as if they had any other disease. The Overdose Pre-vention and Patient Safety Act will do just that. The first step in addressing a prob-lem is admitting that it exists. I would like to pose a question to those who are arguing against this legislation: If we continue to silo the substance use disorder treatment information of a select group of patients rather than integrating it into our medical records and comprehensive care models, how can we ensure that these patients are, in fact, receiving quality care? How can we really treat substance use dis-order like all other complex health conditions? H.R. 6082 ensures adequate patient data protection in accordance with Federal law, with HIPAA. There are provisions in the language that ensure that the data may only be used for pur-poses of treatment, payment, or healthcare operations. Substance use disorder data cannot be used in crimi-nal, civil, or administrative investiga-tions, actions, or proceedings without patient consent or a court order. Additionally, the legislation explic-itly prohibits discrimination against an individual on the basis of their pa-tient needs. Currently, part 2 includes no antidiscrimination protections and no protections for individuals if there is a data breach or improper disclosure. Think about that for a minute, Mr. Speaker. This was a 1970s-era law. There were not data breaches back in the 1970s. 42 CFR part 2 was never in-tended to protect a patient in the in-stance of a data breach. Should any entity or individual share patient data under H.R. 6082, they, in fact, will be severely penalized. There is a reason why SAMHSA and most of the healthcare stakeholder community is asking for this change. Clearly, there is an issue here that must be addressed. This opioid crisis is devastating our country. Passing the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safe-ty Act will enable greater coordination among healthcare providers in pro-viding quality, effective care for indi-viduals across the country who are bat-tling substance use disorder. My thanks to Mr. MULLIN on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee and to Mr. B
LUMENAUER for introducing this legislation that is of utmost impor-tance. I urge strong support for the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act. This legislation would greatly harm our efforts to com-bat the opioid epidemic. If we really want to turn the tide on this crisis, we must find ways to get more people into treatment for opioid use disorder. In 2016, there were about 21 million Americans aged 12 or older in need of substance use disorder treatment, but only 4 million of those 21 million actu-ally received treatment. That means 17 million people are going without the treatment they need. Failure to get in-dividuals with opioid use disorder into treatment increases risk of fatal and nonfatal overdoses as people continue to seek out illicit opioids as part of their addiction. The increasing pres-ence of fentanyl in our drug supply only heightens this concern. Strategies that increase the number of people getting into and remaining in treatment are particularly important because, as these treatment statistics show, major challenges exist to getting people with substance use disorders to enter treatment in the first place. And this House should not—and I stress ‘‘should not’’—take any action that puts at risk people seeking treatment for any substance use disorder, but par-ticularly opioid use disorders. Unfortunately, this bill risks doing just that: reducing the number of peo-ple willing to come forward and remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.041 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5328 June 20, 2018 
in treatment because they worry about the negative consequences that seeking treatment can have on their lives. And this is a very real concern. This bill weakens privacy protections that must be in place for some people to feel comfortable about starting treatment for their substance use dis-order. Ensuring strong privacy protec-tions is critical to maintaining an indi-vidual’s trust in the healthcare system and a willingness to obtain needed health services, and these protections are especially important where very sensitive information is concerned. The information that may be in-cluded in the treatment records of a substance use disorder patient are par-ticularly sensitive because disclosure of substance use disorder information can create tangible vulnerabilities that are not the same as other medical con-ditions. For example, you are not in-carcerated for having a heart attack; you cannot legally be fired for having cancer; and you are not denied visita-tion to your children due to sleep apnea. According to SAMHSA, the negative consequences that can result from the disclosure of an individual’s substance use disorder treatment record can in-clude loss of employment, loss of hous-ing, loss of child custody, discrimina-tion by medical professionals and in-surers, arrest, prosecution, and incar-ceration. These are real risks that keep people from getting treatment in the first place. While I understand that the rollback of the existing privacy protections to the HIPAA standard would limit per-missible disclosures without patient consent to healthcare organizations, this ignores the reality: It may be ille-gal for information to be disclosed out-side these healthcare organizations, but we know, Mr. Speaker, that infor-mation does get out. Breaches do hap-pen. Remember the recent large-scale Aetna breach that disclosed some of its members’ HIV status? But there are also small-scale breaches that don’t make the news that can have devastating con-sequences for patients trying to re-cover and get treatment. For example, a recent ProPublica investigation de-tailed instances where a healthcare or-ganization’s employee peeked at the record of a patient 61 times and posted details on Facebook, while another im-properly shared a patient’s health in-formation with the patient’s parole of-ficer. Breaches such as this are very concerning and could occur more often as a result of this legislation. While I appreciate the sponsor’s ef-forts to alleviate these concerns, I do not believe the potential harm that could be caused by eliminating the pa-tient consent requirement under exist-ing law for treatment, payment, and healthcare operations can be remedied through the measures included in this bill. The inclusion of these provisions cannot compensate for the risk of stig-ma, discrimination, and negative health and life outcomes for individ-uals with opioid use disorder that could result from the weakening of the exist-ing privacy protections, and that is why every substance use disorder pa-tient group has come out in opposition to this bill. According to the Campaign to Pro-tect Patient Privacy Rights, a coali-tion of more than 100 organizations: ‘‘Using the weaker HIPAA privacy rule standard of allowing disclosure of sub-stance use disorder information with-out patient consent for treatment, pay-ment, and healthcare operations will contribute to the existing level of dis-crimination and harm to people living with substance use disorders.’’ The Campaign goes on to say: ‘‘This will only result in more people who need substance use disorder treatment being discouraged and afraid to seek the healthcare they need during the Nation’s worst opioid crisis.’’ This is a risk we simply should not take, and yet the majority is bringing this bill to the floor today, despite the very real concerns of these experts. These groups uniquely understand what is at stake from this legislation because many of their members live with or are in fear of the negative con-sequences that result from the disclo-sure of substance use disorder diag-nosis and treatment information. In fact, the negative consequences that will result from the disclosure of someone’s substance use disorder would solely affect that individual and their family. They will bear the burden if we get this wrong. They could be at risk of potentially losing custody of their child and their freedom by the in-creased risk of improper disclosure of their medical record if this bill be-comes law. These risks may simply just keep them from seeking potentially life-saving treatment. That is why sub-stance use disorder treatment pro-viders have also raised concerns. The South Carolina Association of Opioid Dependence explained: ‘‘Even with the growing awareness that sub-stance use disorders are a disease, the unfortunate truth is that persons with substance use disorder are still ac-tively discriminated against . . . such as a baby being taken away from a new mother because she is on methadone for an opioid use disorder, despite long-standing compliance with her treat-ment and abstinence from illegal drug use.’’ Another provider, Raise the Bottom Addiction Treatment, one of two med-ical-assisted treatment facilities in Idaho, explained that ‘‘our patients come from every walk of life, including professionals and executives within our community. Their anonymity and pri-vacy is of utmost importance because their careers, families, and livelihood often depend on it. ‘‘Knowing that people may seek treatment without fear of backlash and discrimination is often a deciding fac-tor when considering entering treat-ment. ‘‘To undo this protection will deeply affect one’s ability and willingness to seek help. . . . Not only can the mem-bers of our community not afford to lose their right to confidentiality, but we as a nation cannot afford to move backwards in our fight to combat this opiate crisis.’’ b1300 So again, Mr. Speaker, these are the words of experts on the frontline fight-ing this epidemic. People who suffer from substance use disorder should be able to decide with whom to share their treatment records from programs and for what purposes. Those rights are taken away from them under this legis-lation, and I believe that is wrong. As we face a tragic national drug abuse problem, the scale of which our country has never seen, I believe main-taining the heightened privacy protec-tions under existing law remains vital to ensuring all individuals with sub-stance use disorder can seek treatment for their substance use disorder with confidence that their right to privacy will be protected. To do otherwise at this time is just too great a risk, and I strongly urge my colleagues to listen to the experts on the subject and to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Okla-homa (Mr. M
ULLIN ), the principal spon-sor of the bill and a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of my bill, H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act. My colleague Mr. B
LUMENAUER and I introduced this bill to help physicians fight the opioid epidemic. The Over-dose Prevention and Patient Safety Act allows the flow of information among healthcare providers and health planners for the purpose of treatment, payment, and healthcare operations. Unfortunately, there is an outdated Federal Government mandate, 42 CFR part 2, which is creating a firewall be-tween doctors and patients. My bill, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act, will give doctors access to patients’ addiction medical information that can integrate their care, prevent tragic overdoses, and im-prove patient safety. SAMHSA has stated: ‘‘The practice of requiring substance use disorder in-formation to be any more private than information regarding other chronic illnesses, such as cancer or heart dis-ease, may in itself be stigmatizing. Pa-tients with substance use disorders seeking treatment for any condition have a right to healthcare providers who are fully equipped with the infor-mation needed to provide the highest quality care available.’’ When a person violates part 2, it is referred to the Justice Department, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.043 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5329 June 20, 2018 
and there is only a $50 penalty. There have been zero cases—let me repeat that—there have been zero cases in which part 2 was enforced or any ac-tion taken by the Department of Jus-tice or SAMHSA. The penalties for noncompliance un-derneath HIPAA are based on the level of negligence and can range from $100 to $50,000 per violation, with a max-imum of $1.5 million per year. There have been 173,472 HIPAA viola-tions since 2003, with 97 percent of those complaints resolved. Patients, doctors, hospitals, and a broad spectrum of stakeholders agree we need to end this outdated Federal Government mandate helping prevent the private sector’s innovation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to support the Overdose Pre-vention and Patient Safety Act. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. P
ALLONE ’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this bill. I respect his efforts, and I respect a num-ber of his concerns. But I do think that the work that we have done with Mr. M
ULLIN , with the committee, and I ap-preciate the subcommittee’s extra ef-forts to work through these elements, listen to people’s objections, and to do it right. There has been no argument that this provision has cost lives. The failure in emergency rooms, other cir-cumstances, for people to not be able to get the full picture of a patient’s condition ends up sometimes with trag-ic consequences. We have yet to hear any reason why we shouldn’t coordi-nate. Now, I appreciate concerns about pa-tient privacy, but as Dr. B
URGESS and my friend from Oklahoma point out, we are strengthening provisions under this bill for disclosure. People don’t want to stigmatize those with sub-stance abuse, we agree. But having a separate system that people have to go through just for substance abuse im-plies a stigma. People will think there is something wrong with these people. You don’t do this for AIDS anymore. This harmonizes with all the other HIPAA provisions. Candidly, forcing people to go through yet another step probably raises questions about the validity of disclosure, raising questions in the minds of those who go through that. Mr. Speaker, we have made, I think, tremendous progress dealing with stig-ma, dealing with patient protection, what we have done for mental health, which has devastating consequences in some cases if people’s records were re-vealed. Think what has happened with HIV/AIDS. There was a time when that would end up with people not just hav-ing a stigma but at risk of losing their jobs, being ostracized. These are the same provisions in this bill that are there for HIV/AIDS or mental health, for everything under HIPAA. I really do think that we take a step back, understanding that having sepa-rate authorizations complicates the co-ordination and integration of treat-ment. Oftentimes, behavioral health information doesn’t arrive in an or-derly fashion. It is another step of com-plication that could have tragic con-sequences. In fact, the subcommittee’s record demonstrates that. There have been ex-amples where people have died because the medical providers did not have the full picture of the patient. This legisla-tion will fix it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chairman of the full committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Dr. B
URGESS , the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health, for his fine leadership on this issue, along with our colleagues, Mr. M
ULLIN and my friend from Oregon and colleague, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , who put a lot of work into this. I commend my colleague from Oregon for his strong statement in support of this legislation. Combating the opioid epidemic has been a top priority of all of us in this Congress and especially on the Energy and Commerce Committee, which I chair. We have committed the last year and a half to examining the ways we can respond to save lives, to help people in our communities, and to end this dead-ly, deadly epidemic. During that time, I have heard a lot of stories, both at the hearings here in the Nation’s Capital and back home in Oregon, where I have held multiple roundtables and meetings in the com-munities about what we need to do to help the outcome of patients; our neighbors, our friends, in some cases family members, who are dealing with these addictions. An extraordinary array of people, in-cluding patients, parents of those suf-fering with addiction, the Oregon Hos-pital Association, Oregon Governor Kate Brown, physicians, and substance use disorder treatment providers, have all told me and our committee that ex-isting Federal confidentiality regula-tions and statute known as 42 CFR part 2, or simply part 2, are working against—working against—patients and making it harder to effectively treat addiction. There is hardly anyone in the healthcare sector that we have not heard from on this issue. One story that really comes to mind is that of Brandon McKee. Brandon’s brother, Dustin, testified before our Health Subcommittee when we re-viewed a near identical version of this legislation back in May. Tragically, Brandon had died of an opioid overdose at just 36 years of age. He left behind three young children. Speaking about his passing, his brother Dustin told the subcommittee: ‘‘Brandon’s death was preventable. However, in part because of the anti-quated provisions contained within 42 CFR part 2, the medical professionals that prescribed him opiate-based pain medications were not able to identify him as a high-risk individual.’’ You see, Brandon was prescribed opioids after back surgery on two sepa-rate occasions despite his history of substance use disorder. Within a few months of his second surgery, Brandon fatally overdosed on heroin. That is why this bill is so important. Health records for substance use dis-order are the only—only—records that are siloed in this way, preventing phy-sicians from seeing the complete pic-ture of a patient they are treating. The doctors don’t know. All other protected health informa-tion for every other disease falls under HIPAA. The Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act will help align Fed-eral privacy standards for substance use disorder treatment information more closely with HIPAA so that our doctors and our addiction specialists can provide the highest and safest level of treatment. In short, this bill will improve co-ordination of care for patients suf-fering from substance use disorder and save lives by helping to prevent overdoses and dangerous drug inter-actions. Now, I fully respect and understand the privacy concerns that some still have, and the sensitivities about the idea of making changes to a statute that has been in place since the 1970s, long before HIPAA. That is why Rep-resentatives M
ULLIN and B LUMENAUER  worked in a bipartisan fashion to in-clude strong unlawful disclosure pen-alties, discrimination protections, and breach notification requirements in this bill. Doing so, H.R. 6082 will actually im-prove the ability to penalize those who illegally disclose a patient’s informa-tion. This isn’t about using this infor-mation for any other purpose than treating that patient safely. To be clear, there is no legal way for a patient’s substance use disorder treatment information to be used against them under this bill. This bill, instead, expands protections for indi-viduals seeking addiction treatment above and beyond existing law, and it will help us turn the tide on the opioid scourge. I want to thank Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. B
LUMENAUER once again for their work, and the other Members on the com-mittee. This bipartisan bill will save lives. It is critically importantly to our efforts to combat the opioid crisis, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6082. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, proponents of this legis-lation argue that taking away pa-tients’ privacy rights related to sub-stance use disorder treatment records is okay because we would be applying the HIPAA standard that applies to other sensitive health conditions like HIV, but I strongly disagree. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.045 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5330 June 20, 2018 
Individuals with substance use dis-order face risk because of their medical conditions that those with other med-ical conditions do not. According to SAMHSA, those negative consequences include loss of employment, loss of housing, loss of child custody, discrimi-nation by medical professionals and in-surers, arrests, prosecution, and incar-ceration. Unlike other medical conditions, in-cluding HIV, you can be incarcerated, legally fired, and denied visitation with your children due to your sub-stance use disorder. So let me paint this picture with a few examples. A 20-year-old pregnant woman in Wisconsin voluntarily went to a hos-pital to seek treatment for addiction to the opiate OxyContin. Rather than pro-viding treatment, the hospital called State authorities to report this woman. She was taken into custody and held for several weeks before a judge ordered her released. Another example provided to the committee from a provider in Mary-land explained: 
Some time ago, we had a young lady in our methadone maintenance program who com-mitted suicide. She had turned her life around. She was in college, working full time, owned her own car, was purchasing a house, and was no longer using illicit sub-stances. She had to complete probation for her crimes that she had committed while she was actively using these drugs. Her mother did not know she was in meth-adone treatment. She did not want her mother to know because her mother did not agree with methadone, and the judge found out she was in the methadone maintenance program and disclosed it in a court hearing with her mother present. The judge and her mother insisted that she ‘‘get off that stuff,’’ and she complied only because of the pressure from both to do so. She began abusing illicit substances and participating in illegal activity to obtain those substances. The guilt and shame of re-turning to what she described as a life of hell led her to write a suicide note and end her life. 
b1315 Experiences like this, in addition to stories of individuals with substance use disorder who have lost jobs, hous-ing, and child custody because of their substance use disorder, are reasons that some individuals with substance use disorder fear coming forward to enter treatment due to the negative consequences that result. It is why more than 100 groups, including AIDS United, joined the campaign to protect patient privacy rights. They have joined together to fight to protect the heightened privacy protections that exist under existing law. Further, unlike the proponents of this legislation contend, the existing law is not an anomaly. States like Florida have laws requiring written pa-tient consent for the sharing of a pa-tient’s substance use disorder and men-tal health treatment records, while others like New York, Kentucky, and Texas have such requirements for the sharing of HIV records. Other States have such requirements for reproduc-tive health treatment records. Further, the existing law is con-sistent with the confidentiality protec-tions applied to substance use disorder treatment records. In fact, the law gov-erning the confidentiality of VA med-ical records, 38 U.S.C. 7332, is con-sistent with and broader than part 2. Unlike that law, the VA cannot share a patient’s substance use disorder, HIV, or sickle cell anemia treatment records with another provider without written patient consent. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to stress that I do believe that we can learn an im-portant lesson from our response to HIV, particularly during the height of the AIDS epidemic. A critical part of this Nation’s response to the AIDS epi-demic was increasing the privacy pro-tections applied to HIV medical records. Such action was taken because people were afraid to enter treatment for HIV/AIDS because of the negative consequences that could result. In the midst of the opioid epidemic, this bill would result in doing just the opposite: lowering the privacy protec-tions applied to substance use disorder medical records despite the fact that, like during the AIDS epidemic, some individuals with substance use disorder remain afraid to enter treatment be-cause of the negative consequences that result. And in many cases, they only do so out of the part 2 assurances that they can control to whom and for what purposes their treatment record is shared. The increased stigma, discrimina-tion, and criminalization faced by peo-ple with substance use disorder support the maintenance of the heightened pri-vacy protections under existing law, in my opinion. And for some individuals, it is these privacy protections that make them feel safe to enter and re-main in treatment for their substance use disorder. I am afraid that by pass-ing this bill we could be creating a bar-rier that will keep people from getting the treatment they need, and that is a risk I am simply not willing to take. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes for the purpose of re-sponse before I yield to Dr. B
UCSHON . Mr. Speaker, the tragic story that was just related to us really only rein-forces the need to change the statute behind 42 CFR part 2. There are some important facts missing from the de-scription of the situation that oc-curred. It appears evident that at least one or both of the parties involved, the judge, and/or the methadone mainte-nance program, violated existing regu-lations under both part 2 and HIPAA. Under part 2, patient records may only be disclosed without patient con-sent if the disclosure is authorized by an appropriate order of a court of com-petent jurisdiction. There must be a showing of good cause in which the court must weigh the public interest and need for disclosure against the in-jury to the patient, the physician-pa-tient relationship, and treatment serv-ices. Further, the court must impose appropriate safeguards against unau-thorized disclosure. It is not clear from the description provided in the letter how the judge found out about the patient’s partici-pation in a methadone maintenance program. If the information to the judge was provided without an appro-priate court order, then the methadone maintenance program likely violated the requirements under part 2 to safe-guard the patient’s records from such disclosure. If the information was pro-vided as a result of a court order, then it is possible that the judge violated his or her ethical obligations to appro-priately weigh the need for the infor-mation and safeguard the information once received. Under HIPAA, there is still an obli-gation for the parties seeking informa-tion to confirm that reasonable efforts have been made to ensure that the in-dividual has been given notice of the request for personal health information and the opportunity to object or that reasonable efforts have been made to secure a qualified protective order. Compliance with either of these re-quirements appears to have been lack-ing in the situation described in the letter. All of this suggests that part 2 cur-rently is insufficient to protect pa-tients in these situations. The legisla-tion before us today does not decrease the protections against the use of the records in criminal proceedings that already exist under part 2, but HIPAA makes the protections stronger. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), a valuable member of our committee and our sub-committee that has heard the testi-mony on this legislation. Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act. This legislation will improve the ability of medical pro-fessionals to properly care for patients by allowing physicians access to a pa-tient’s full medical record, including information about substance use dis-order treatment, while ensuring robust privacy protections. As a physician, I know that patients don’t always notify their doctors of all the medications they are taking, and not having a complete medical record or knowing a patient’s background can result in potentially life-threatening complications related to medical treat-ment. I have seen this in my own prac-tice, and my wife sees this almost daily in her anesthesia practice. This is commonsense legislation which will ensure patients receive ap-propriate healthcare, while also ensur-ing the medical information remains private. Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 6082. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.047 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5331 June 20, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, some of the proponents of this bill also mentioned the opiate use disorder situations in emergency rooms as a justification for the legisla-tion, but I just want to say, Mr. Speak-er, I think it is important to note that the existing law includes an exception to the patient consent requirement. A provider can access a patient’s sub-stance use disorder treatment records in the case of an emergency as deter-mined by the provider without patient consent. Additionally, nothing in the existing law prevents any provider from asking their patient about their substance use disorder history before prescribing any opioid, especially in the midst of the opioid epidemic. Every provider should ask patients about their opioid use dis-order history, and, therefore, under the existing law and every other privacy law, the doctor can learn of a patient’s opiate use disorder history by simply asking the patient that. That remains, in my opinion, the op-timum way of learning a patient’s med-ical history, because currently our electronic health records aren’t inter-operable in many cases. Those under-lying interoperability issues that pre-vent information sharing, including the part 2 information in cases where a patient has agreed to share their infor-mation with providers, aren’t going to be solved by this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), a valuable member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, it is good to be on the floor with my good friend and colleague, the ranking mem-ber, Congressman P
ALLONE . I know his heart is solid and I know he believes that we are challenging some privacy concerns, and I take that in the spirit intended. As a Republican, I was an early sup-porter of one of our former col-league’s—Sue Myrick’s—Mental Health Parity Act. And the whole intent of that, for many of us, was to say mental health illness is an illness and should be accepted as an illness. But what we have done under the Federal code is to separate it. So I think the intent of what we are trying to do is not sepa-rate it and make it part of the health records. We have heard the debate on both sides, but that is the basic premise from which I come. And we have heard the testimony of people for whom the information was not shared with the regular doctor versus the mental health, and then prescriptions occur-ring and then catastrophic events. The intent of this legislation is to help patients and to help providers bet-ter take care of their patients. This is not about taking away privacy but taking care of people. It is about mak-ing sure people have the appropriate level of privacy for the services they are seeking. We don’t create extra privacy bar-riers so that people with heart disease, HIV, or diabetes can keep their doctors in the dark and withhold critical infor-mation relevant to the insurer benefits that they are using. This goes back to, as we have heard today, a 1970-era man-date. Gary Mendell, the founder of Shat-terproof, lost his son Brian, who was recovering from substance use disorder, after he tragically took his own life. Gary said the following about aligning part 2 with HIPAA: The solution is not to keep this informa-tion out of electronic health records and not available. The solution is to end the stigma and to bring this disease and mental illness into the healthcare system, just like diabe-tes, cancer, or any other disease. 
And I couldn’t agree more with Gary. He also said: 
If there’s an issue related to unintended consequences, let’s fix that. 
I think in this piece of legislation, Congressman M
ULLIN and Congressman B
LUMENAUER intended to do that. Gary also said: 
Let’s not keep this out of the healthcare system, unlike diabetes, heart disease, and cancer, because then we just perpetuate the situation that is causing it in the first place. 
I will continue. Individuals with opioid use disorder die, on average, a decade sooner than other Americans. This is largely because of the strik-ingly high incidence of poorly man-aged, co-occurring chronic diseases, in-cluding HIV/AIDS, cardiac conditions, lung disease, and cirrhosis. Whatever we as a nation are doing to coordinate care for this highly vulner-able population is failing by any rea-sonable measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, an ex-traordinary array of organizations, hospitals, physicians, patient advo-cates, and substance use treatment providers have approached this com-mittee to clearly state that existing Federal addiction privacy law is ac-tively interfering with case manage-ment and care coordination efforts. Ar-guing against this legislation preserved a fatal and deadly status quo. I support this piece of legislation, and I thank my colleague for the time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I mentioned earlier the various groups that are opposed to this legislation because of the privacy con-cerns, and I actually would like to read or go through some sections from this letter that was sent to Chairman W
AL-
DEN and me from over 100 groups, in-cluding the New Jersey Association of Mental Health and Addiction Agencies. And they say, Mr. Speaker: 
Dear Chairman Walden and Ranking Mem-ber Pallone: We, the undersigned national, State, and local organizations strongly support main-taining the core protections of the Federal substance use disorder patient confiden-tiality law and its regulations, referred to collectively as part 2. And they say: 
We remain concerned that using a weaker HIPAA privacy rule standard of allowing dis-closure of substance use disorder informa-tion without patient consent or other pur-poses will contribute to the existing level of discrimination and harm to people living with substance use disorders. This will only result in more people who need substance use disorder treatment being discouraged and afraid to seek the healthcare they need dur-ing the Nation’s worst opioid crisis. We strongly support maintaining part 2’s current core protections for substance use disorder information instead of those weaker HIPAA privacy standards for the following reasons. 
And there are five. 
One, the heightened privacy protections in part 2 are as critical today as they were when they were enacted more than 40 years ago and must be preserved. Two, in the midst of the worst opioid epi-demic in our Nation’s history, we must do everything possible to increase, not de-crease, the number of people who seek treat-ment. 
b1330 
Three, substance use disorder is unique among medical conditions because of its criminal and civil consequences and the rampant discrimination people face. Four, with so much at stake, patients in substance use disorder treatment should re-tain the right to consent when and to whom their records are disclosed, as currently found in part 2. Five, effective integration of substance use disorder treatment with the rest of the healthcare system is critically important, and information exchange in accordance with confidentiality law and current tech-nology is now possible. To facilitate that process, SAMHSA recently amended the part 2 regulations to further promote the integra-tion of confidential substance use disorder information into general health records. 
They finally conclude, Mr. Speaker, by saying: 
We respectfully request that the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee maintain the current confidentiality protections of part 2 to support individuals entering and staying in substance use disorder treatment and re-covery services. 
Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  this letter from these patients. 
CAMPAIGN TOPROTECT PATIENT  P
RIVACY RIGHTS , June 18, 2018. Re Opposition to H.R. 6082—‘‘Overdose Pre-vention and Patient Safety Act’’. Representative G
REGWALDEN , Chairman of the U.S. House of Representatives Energy and Commerce Committee, Wash-ington, DC. Representative F
RANK PALLONE , Jr., Ranking Member of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND RANKING  M
EMBER PALLONE : We, the undersigned na-tional, state, and local organizations strong-ly support maintaining the core protections of the federal substance use disorder patient confidentiality law (‘‘42 U.S.C. 290dd–2’’) and its regulations ‘‘42 CFR Part 2,’’ (referred to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.049 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5332 June 20, 2018 
collectively as ‘‘Part 2’’) to effectively pro-tect the confidentiality of patients’ records. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration (‘‘SAMHSA’’) re-cently amended Part 2’s patient privacy reg-ulations in 2017 and 2018, which accomplishes the bill’s proposed objective of providing co-ordinated care between substance use dis-order (‘‘SUD’’) and other health care infor-mation. We remain concerned that using a weaker HIPAA Privacy Rule standard of allowing disclosures of SUD information without pa-tient consent for treatment, payment, health care operations, or other purposes other than those currently allowed by Part 2—will con-tribute to the existing level of discrimina-tion and harm to people living with sub-stance use disorders. This will only result in more people who need substance use disorder treatment, being discouraged and afraid to seek the health care they need during the nation’s worst opioid crisis. We strongly support maintaining Part 2’s current core protections for SUD informa-tion, instead of those of a weaker HIPAA Privacy standard as described in H.R. 6082 for the following reasons: 1. The heightened privacy protections in Part 2 are as critical today as they were when they were they were enacted more than 40 years ago, and must be preserved. 2. In the midst of the worst opioid epidemic in our nation’s history, we must do every-thing possible to increase—not decrease—the number of people who seek treatment. 3. SUD is unique among medical conditions because of its criminal and civil con-sequences and the rampant discrimination people face. 4. With so much at stake, patients in SUD treatment should retain the right to consent when and to whom their records are dis-closed, as currently found in Part 2. 5. Effective integration of SUD treatment with the rest of the health care system is critically important, and information ex-change in accordance with confidentiality law and current technology is now possible. To facilitate that process, SAMHSA recently amended the Part 2 regulations to further promote the integration of confidential SUD information into general health records. We respectfully request that the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee maintain the current confidentiality protections of Part 2 to support individuals entering and staying in SUD treatment and recovery services. Sincerely, Campaign to Protect Privacy Rights: A New PATH; Addiction Haven; Addictions Re-source Center, Waukesha, WI (ARC, Inc.); Advocates for Recovery Colorado; AIDS United; Alano Club of Portland; Alcohol & Addictions Resource Center, South Bend, IN; American Association for the Treatment of Opioid Dependence (AATOD); American Group Psychotherapy Association; Apricity; Arthur Schut Consulting LLC; Association of Persons Affected by Addiction; Atlantic Prevention Resources; California Consor-tium of Addiction Programs & Professionals (CCAPP); Capital Area Project Vox—Lansing (MI)’s Voice of Recovery; Center for Recov-ery and Wellness Resources; CFC Loud N Clear Foundation; Chicago Recovering Com-munities Coalition; Colorado Behavioral Healthcare Council; Communities for Recov-ery. Community Catalyst; Connecticut Commu-nity for Addiction Recovery (CCAR); Council on Addiction Recovery Services (CAReS)- Orlean, NY; DarJune Recovery Support Serv-ices & Cafe´; Davis Direction Foundation— The Zone; Daystar Center; Delphi Behavioral Health Group—Maryland House Detox; De-troit Recovery Project; The DOOR—DeKalb Open Opportunity for Recovery; Drug and Alcohol Service Providers Organization of Pennsylvania; El Paso Alliance; Faces & Voices of Recovery; Faces and Voices of Re-covery (FAVOR)—Grand Strand-SC; Faces and Voices of Recovery (FAVOR)—Green-ville, SC; Faces and Voices of Recovery (FAVOR)—Low Country: Charleston, SC; Faces and Voices of Recovery (FAVOR)— Mississippi Recovery Advocacy Project; Faces and Voices of Recovery (FAVOR)—Pee Dee, SC; Faces and Voices of Recovery (FAVOR)—Tri-County: Rock Hill, SC; Facing Addiction; Fellowship Foundation Recovery Community Organization. Foundation for Recovery; Friends of Re-covery—New York; Georgia Council on Sub-stance Abuse; Greater Macomb Project Vox; Harm Reduction Coalition; Home of New Vi-sion; HOPE for New Hampshire Recovery; Jackson Area Recovery Community—Jack-son, MI; Latah Recovery Center; Legal Ac-tion Center; Lifehouse Recovery Connection; Long Island Recovery Association (LIRA); Lotus Peer Recovery; Maine Alliance for Ad-diction Recovery; Massachusetts Organiza-tion for Addiction Recovery; Message Car-riers of Pennsylvania; Mid-Michigan Recov-ery Services (NCADD Mid-Michigan Affil-iate); Minnesota Recovery Connection; Mis-souri Recovery Network. National Advocates for Pregnant Women; National Alliance for Medication Assisted Recovery (NAMA Recovery); National Asso-ciation for Children of Addiction (NACoA); National Association of County Behavioral Health and Developmental Disability Direc-tors (NACBHDD); National Association for Rural Mental Health (NARMH); National Center on Domestic Violence, Trauma & Mental Health; National Council on Alco-holism and Drug Dependence, Inc. (NCADD); National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence—Central Mississippi Area, Inc.; National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence—Maryland; National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence—Phoenix; National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence—San Fernando Valley; Navi-gating Recovery of the Lakes Region; New Jersey Association of Mental Health and Ad-diction Agencies; Northern Ohio Recovery Association; Oklahoma Citizen Advocates for Recovery and Transformation Association (OCARTA); Overcoming Addiction Radio, Inc.; Parent/Professional Advocacy League; Peer Coach Academy Colorado; Pennsylvania Recovery Organizations—Alliance (PRO–A). People Advocating Recovery (PAR); Penn-sylvania Recovery Organization—Achieving Community Together (PRO–ACT); Portland Recovery Community Center; Public Justice Center; REAL—Michigan (Recovery, Edu-cation, Advocacy & Leadership); Recover Project/Western MA Training; Recover Wyo-ming; RecoveryATX; Recovery Alliance of Austin; Recovery Allies of West Michigan; Recovery Cafe; Recovery Communities of North Carolina; Recovery Community of Durham; Recovery Consultants of Atlanta; Recovery Epicenter Foundation, Inc.; Recov-ery Force of Atlantic County; Recovery is Happening; Recovery Resource Council; Re-covery Organization of Support Specialist. Revive Recovery, Inc.; Rhode Island Cares About Recovery (RICARES); Rochester Com-munity Recovery Center; ROCovery Fitness; Safe Harbor Recovery Center; SMART Re-covery (Self-Management and Recovery Training); S.O.S. Recovery Community Or-ganization; SpiritWorks Foundation; Springs Recovery Connection; Tennessee Association of Alcohol, Drug & other Addiction Services (TAADAS); The Bridge Foundation; The Courage Center; The McShin Foundation; The Ohana Center for Recovery; The Seren-ity House of Flint; The Phoenix; The RASE Project; The Recovery Channel; Tia Hart Community Recovery Program. Together Our Recovery Center Heals (T.O.R.C.H.), Inc.; Treatment Trends, Inc.; Trilogy Recovery Community; U MARC (United Mental Health and Addictions Re-covery Coalition); Utah Support Advocates for Recovery Awareness (USARA); Vermont Recovery Network; Voices of Hope for Cecil County, MD; Voices of Hope Lexington; Voices of Recovery San Mateo County, CA; WAI–IAM, Inc. and RISE Recovery Commu-nity; Wisconsin Voices for Recovery; Young People in Recovery. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that there are over 100 groups in support of the Partnership to Amend 42 CFR part 2. A letter from that partner-ship says, in part: 
We are pleased that the bill aligns part 2 with HIPAA’s consent requirements for the purposes of treatment, payment and oper-ations, which will allow for the appropriate sharing of substance use disorder records, among covered entities, to ensure persons with opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders receive the integrated care that they need. Additionally, as we do not want patients with substance use disorders to be made vulnerable as a result of seeking treatment for addiction, this legislation strengthens protections and limits the num-ber of institutions that have access to their records. 
I am not going to read all of the names on the list, but some of the no-table ones are the National Alliance on Mental Illness, Mental Health Amer-ica, Hazelden Betty Ford Foundation, National Governors Association, Healthcare Leadership Council, Amer-ican Hospital Association, American Society of Addiction Medicine, Centerstone, New Jersey Hospitals, and National Association of Addiction Treatment Providers. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the entire list of all of the groups in favor of the Partnership to Amend 42 CFR. 
PARTNERSHIP TOAMEND 42 CFR P ART 2—A C
OALITION OF OVER40 H EALTH CARESTAKE -
HOLDERS COMMITTED TOALIGNING 42 CFR P
ART 2 (P ART 2) W ITHHIPAA T OALLOW  A
PPROPRIATE ACCESS TO PATIENT INFORMA -
TION THAT ISESSENTIAL FOR PROVIDING  W
HOLE -PERSON CARE J
UNE15, 2018. Hon. M
ARKWAYNE MULLIN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. E
ARLBLUMENAUER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVES MULLIN AND BLU-
MENAUER : The undersigned members of the Partnership to Amend 42 CFR Part 2 (Part-nership) and additional stakeholder organi-zations applaud your leadership on the issue of substance use disorder privacy records. We strongly support the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety (OPPS) Act, H.R. 6082, which will align 42 CFR Part 2 (Part 2) with the Health Insurance Portability and Ac-countability Act (HIPAA) for the purposes of health care treatment, payment, and oper-ations (TPO). The Partnership is pleased that the OPPS Act was voted out of the Committee on Energy and Commerce with a bipartisan vote. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.013 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5333 June 20, 2018 
The Partnership is a coalition of more than 40 organizations representing stake-holders across the health care spectrum com-mitted to aligning Part 2 with HIPAA to allow appropriate access to patient informa-tion that is essential for providing whole- person care. We are pleased that the bill aligns Part 2 with HIPAA’s consent requirements for the purposes of TPO, which will allow for the ap-propriate sharing of substance use disorder records, among covered entities, to ensure persons with opioid use disorder and other substance use disorders receive the inte-grated care they need. Additionally, as we do not want patients with substance use dis-orders to be made vulnerable as a result of seeking treatment for addiction, this legisla-tion strengthens protections and limits the number of institutions that have access to patient records. Thank you both for your leadership on this issue and we look forward to working with you on helping to address the opioid crisis by passing this important bipartisan legislation on the floor of the U.S. House of Representa-tives. Sincerely, 
PARTNERSHIP TO AMEND 42 CFR PART 2  
MEMBERS  Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy; American Association on Health and Dis-ability; American Health Information Man-agement Association; American Hospital As-sociation; American Psychiatric Associa-tion; American Society of Addiction Medi-cine; American Society of Anesthesiologists; America’s Essential Hospitals; America’s Health Insurance Plans; AMGA; Association for Ambulatory Behavioral Healthcare; Asso-ciation for Behavioral Health and Wellness; Association for Community Affiliated Plans; BlueCross BlueShield Association; Catholic Health Association of the U.S.; Centerstone; Confidentiality Coalition; Employee Assist-ance Professionals Association; Global Alli-ance for Behavioral Health and Social Jus-tice; Hazelden Betty Ford Foundation. Health IT Now; Healthcare Leadership Council; The Joint Commission; InfoMC; Medicaid Health Plans of America; Mental Health America; National Alliance on Men-tal Illness; National Association for Behav-ioral Healthcare; National Association of ACOs; National Association of Counties (NACo); National Association of State Men-tal Health Program Directors (NASMHPD); Netsmart; OCHIN; Otsuka; Pharmaceutical Care Management Association; Premier Healthcare Alliance. 
ADDITIONAL STAKEHOLDER ORGANIZATIONS  ACO Health Partners; Aetna; AMITA Health; Anthem, Inc.; Ascension Health; Avera Health; Banner Health; Baptist Healthcare System; Beacon Health Options; Bon Secours Health System, Inc.; CareSource; Catholic Health Initiatives; Centene Corporation; Change Healthcare; Cigna; College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME). Excellus BlueCross BlueShield; Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity Sponsored Min-istries, Inc.; Greater New York Hospital As-sociation; Henry Ford Health System; Howe Home Designers; Johns Hopkins Medicine; Kern Health Systems; Leidos; Lycoming County; Magellan Health; Marshfield Clinic Health System; Mental Health America of Indiana; Mosaic Life Care; NAMI; NAMI DC; NAMI Delaware. NAMI Greene County Tennessee; NAMI Helena; NAMI of Howard County, MD; NAMI Jefferson County, Washington; NAMI Kauf-man County; NAMI Kershaw County; NAMI Lewistown; NAMI Lexington; NAMI of the Pee Dee (South Carolina); NAMI Piedmont Tri-County; NAMI Sarasota County; NAMI South Suburbs of Chicago; NAMI Sussex, Inc.; NAMI Temple Area; NAMI Utah; NAMI Valley of the Sun. National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) Texas; National Association of Ad-diction Treatment Providers; New Directions Behavioral Health; OPEN MINDS; Optum; PerformCare; Providence St. Joseph Health; SCAN Health Plan; SSM Health; Texas Health Resources; The Center for Health Af-fairs/Northeast Ohio Hospital Opioid Consor-tium; The MetroHealth System; Trinity Health; University of Tennessee Medical Center; Valley Health System; Vizient; Wayne Meriwether. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say in conclusion today, that amidst the worst opioid epidemic our country has ever faced, I think it is really impor-tant that we not take any action that could result in any individual with an opiate use disorder not seeking or re-maining in treatment for this life- threatening condition. I understand the opinions on both sides, but I do think that if we don’t protect the existing privacy and keep the current law with regard to privacy that we will see many individuals not seeking treatment or remaining in treatment. That is why I strongly op-pose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, by continuing to seg-regate substance use disorder records means that we are willing to allow some patients to receive care that is potentially lower quality at a higher cost. Treating patient substance use dis-order in isolation from their medical and mental health conditions—which predominated care in the 1970s—is not the standard for good practice today. There is now overwhelming evidence that patients’ substance use disorders cannot be treated in isolation from other healthcare conditions. In the 1970s when part 2 was written, this was not widely accepted, and treatment for addiction was largely separate from treatment for other illnesses. Mr. Speaker, further, I would say that the problem here is we need to treat addiction just like any other medical illness and improve our out-reach to patients who meet the criteria for treatment. Maintaining a decades old, ineffective confidentiality law sim-ply is not going to do that. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. It is a good bill supported by Mr. M
ULLIN and Mr. B LUMENAUER . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. PALLONE. I am opposed to H.R. 6082. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order against the mo-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Pallone moves to recommit the bill H.R. 6082 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Strike page 1, line 4, through page 8, line 20. Strike page 11, line 8, through page 12, line 9. Page 8, line 21, through page 11, line 7, pro-mote subsection (k) to become a section which reads as follows: 
SEC. 2. DEVELOPMENT AND DISSEMINATION OF MODEL TRAINING PROGRAMS FOR SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER PA-TIENT RECORDS. 
(a) I NITIAL PROGRAMS AND MATERIALS .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in consulta-tion with appropriate experts, shall identify the following model programs and materials (or if no such programs or materials exist, recognize private or public entities to de-velop and disseminate such programs and materials): (1) Model programs and materials for train-ing health care providers (including physi-cians, emergency medical personnel, psychi-atrists, psychologists, counselors, therapists, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, be-havioral health facilities and clinics, care managers, and hospitals, including individ-uals such as general counsels or regulatory compliance staff who are responsible for es-tablishing provider privacy policies) con-cerning the permitted uses and disclosures, consistent with the standards and regula-tions governing the privacy and security of substance use disorder patient records pro-mulgated by the Secretary under section 543 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2) for the confidentiality of patient records. (2) Model programs and materials for train-ing patients and their families regarding their rights to protect and obtain informa-tion under the standards and regulations de-scribed in paragraph (1). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The model programs and materials described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall address cir-cumstances under which disclosure of sub-stance use disorder patient records is needed to— (1) facilitate communication between sub-stance use disorder treatment providers and other health care providers to promote and provide the best possible integrated care; (2) avoid inappropriate prescribing that can lead to dangerous drug interactions, overdose, or relapse; and (3) notify and involve families and care-givers when individuals experience an over-dose. (c) P
ERIODIC UPDATES .—The Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.011 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5334 June 20, 2018 
(1) periodically review and update the model program and materials identified or developed under subsection (a); and (2) disseminate such updated programs and materials to the individuals described in sub-section (a)(1). (d) I
NPUT OF CERTAIN ENTITIES .—In identi- fying, reviewing, or updating the model pro-grams and materials under this section, the Secretary shall solicit the input of relevant stakeholders. At the end, insert the following new sec-tion: 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON PATIENT EXPERIENCE WITH PART 2. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct or support a study that examines information sharing behaviors of individuals who obtain sub-stance use disorder treatment through a Part 2 program. (b) T
OPICS .—The study pursuant to sub-section (a) shall examine the extent to which patients at Part 2 programs agree to share their information, including the following: (1) Patient understanding regarding their rights to protect and obtain information under Part 2. (2) Concerns or feelings patients have about sharing their Part 2 treatment records with other health care providers and organi-zations. (3) Whether or not patients agree to share their Part 2 medical records. (4) The extent of providers with which pa-tients agree to share their Part 2 treatment records. (5) If patients have shared their Part 2 treatment information— (A) at what point in the treatment rela-tionship with the Part 2 program did the pa-tients choose to do so; and (B) what prompted the patients to share the information. (6) What considerations were taken into account by the patient when deciding wheth-er or not and with whom to share their Part 2 treatment information. (7) How did having the choice to decide to what extent and with whom to share Part 2 treatment records affect patients’ decision to uptake or remain in treatment. (8) Would not having a choice to decide the extent to which to share their treatment records from Part 2 programs affect a pa-tient’s decision to participate or stay in treatment. (c) S
COPE.—The study under subsection (a) shall— (1) include a nationally representative sample of individuals obtaining treatment at Part 2 programs; and (2) consider patients of Part 2 programs being treated for various substance use dis-orders, including opioid use disorder and al-cohol use disorder. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Congress on the results of the study under subsection (a). (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Part 2 program’’ means a program described in section 543 of the Pub-lic Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2). (2) The term ‘‘Part 2’’ means the program under section 543 of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 290dd–2). 
Mr. PALLONE (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the mo-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this amendment would maintain the privacy rights provided to individuals with substance use dis-order. Those patients would retain their right to determine with whom and for what purpose to share their substance use disorder treatment records from part 2 programs. Rather than strip away patients’ pri-vacy rights, my amendment would in-corporate section 509 from the bipar-tisan Alexander-Murray bill, S. 2680, the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018, that was reported out of the Senate HELP Committee on a bipartisan basis, and that was incorporated in the un-derlying legislation. That provision requires the Sec-retary to support the development and dissemination of model training pro-grams for substance use disorder treat-ment records under part 2. It would help ensure that more patients, fami-lies, and providers understand how in-formation can be protected and shared under part 2. My amendment would also help us to better understand the privacy needs of individuals with substance use disorder as well as how to balance those needs with the information needs of our health system to provide the highest quality care. Specifically, my amendment would require the Secretary to conduct or support a study to better understand the patient experience with part 2 through the examination of informa-tion-sharing behaviors of individuals who obtain substance use disorder treatment at part 2 programs. This study will provide critical in-sight into the central question under debate today: What is the appropriate level of privacy protections that should be applied to substance use disorder treatment records? While there are a lot of opinions and persuasive evidence to support both sides of this debate, there is a lack of research on this issue generally or as it specifically relates to part 2. Such in-formation will help us better under-stand the level of control individuals with substance use disorders need over their medical records to ensure their privacy concerns are not a barrier for such individuals accessing potentially lifesaving treatment. It would also help us better under-stand what is the appropriate balance between the needs of these individuals regarding the privacy of their sub-stance use disorder treatment informa-tion with the needs of a coordinated healthcare system to best serve its pa-tients. We know that today, under current law, some patients who receive sub-stance use disorder treatment from part 2 programs choose not to share their treatment records with any pro-vider outside of their substance use dis-order treatment provider. On the other hand, there are others who choose to share with only a few of their nonsub-stance use disorder treatment pro-viders. So I just believe it is critical we un-derstand the reasons why such individ-uals have made these decisions as well as how the right to make such a deci-sion affected their willingness to seek or remain in treatment. This amendment is consistent with the recent recommendations from the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission. As part of their June 2018 report to Congress, the commis-sion stated that at this time the com-mission does not recommend align-ment of part 2 and HIPAA. Instead, the commission recommends additional subregulatory guidance, education, and training on part 2. As I have made clear, Mr. Speaker, I have concerns that the underlying bill would hurt our efforts to respond to the opioid epidemic and could increase the odds that fewer individuals with opiate use disorder enter and remain in treatment, a risk I believe too great to take during the worst drug abuse epi-demic our country has ever faced. However, I realize there is another side of this argument as advanced by the proponents of this bill, and we should not be concerned that this bill will affect the uptick of treatment, and, in fact, we should believe that this will only improve treatment. Rather than undertake the 50–State experiment to see which side is right, we should support the thorough study of this issue before taking any action to weaken the privacy protections pro-vided by part 2. In that way, we can de-termine the actual effect on taking away from individuals with substance use disorder the ability to decide how their treatment information is shared. That way we would have no doubt on both the intended and unintended con-sequences of eliminating the patient consent requirement for treatment, payment, and healthcare operation purposes as proposed by the underlying bill. I think the stakes are too high to get this wrong. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to increase the awareness of patients, families, and providers about how their treatment records are protected and can be shared under part 2 as well as to increase our understanding of the privacy needs of individuals with substance use dis-orders. I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I with-draw my point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation of the point of order is with-drawn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.010 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5335 June 20, 2018 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion to recommit as it will destroy the intent of the bill. Eliminating the sharing of records for the purposes of treatment, pay-ment, and healthcare operations com-pletely negates the entire purpose of this initiative. Aligning 42 CFR part 2 with HIPAA for purposes of treatment, payment, and healthcare operations is the entire purpose of the legislation. Opponents of this bill have offered no evidence or findings to back up their claim that HIPAA is inadequate to pro-tect sensitive data contained in sub-stance use disorder treatment records. HIPAA is currently functioning well in protecting sensitive patient infor-mation in a number of areas. Real integration of behavioral health and primary care simply cannot hap-pen until we align 42 CFR part 2 with HIPAA. The opposition of H.R. 6082 is not based on protecting privacy. It is based on very specific distrust of the healthcare community to properly pro-vide care to people with substance use disorder—the very people whom we are asking to help us with this. Yet, the ranking member is strongly in favor of numerous bills that seek to expand access to evidence-based medi-cation-assisted treatment, telehealth and integration with mainstream medi-cine—the very things that demand alignment with HIPAA. So the think-ing, Mr. Speaker, to be kind, is incon-gruous. Prohibiting the sharing of addiction medical records for treatment, pay-ment, and healthcare operations makes it impossible to prescribe the latest substance use treatment medications safely. Like most pharmaceuticals, buprenorphine and methadone have drug interactions and interact with other medicines. Adverse events from drug interactions can lead to emer-gency hospital visits, serious injuries, or death. We must amend part 2 so we can safe-ly prescribe medication-assisted treat-ment for patients. Put simply, stand-ard clinical practices like medication reconciliation are not feasible under the current Federal law. For that rea-son, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit. Vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying motion. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DE-SERVE CARE THAT IS APPRO-PRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS EXECUTION ACT 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legisla-tive days to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill, H.R. 5797. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 949 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 5797. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. B
OST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1345 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individ-uals with opioid use disorders in insti-tutions for mental diseases, with Mr. B
OSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentlewoman from California (Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from California. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the opioid epidemic is ravaging this Nation. Families have been torn apart; lives have been de-stroyed; and communities are endan-gered. This crisis does not discriminate. Americans from all walks of life in all 50 States are being held hostage by the scourge of opioids. Tragically, the opioid epidemic claims the lives of 115 Americans on average each day. In my home of Or-ange County, California, 361 people died from opioid overdoses in 2015. That ac-counts for a 50 percent increase in overdose deaths since 2006. According to the OC Health Care Agency’s 2017 ‘‘Opioid Overdose and Death in Orange County’’ report, the rate of opioid-related emergency room visits increased by more than 140 per-cent since 2005. Between 2011 and 2015, Orange County emergency rooms treat-ed nearly 7,500 opioid overdose and abuse cases. We can put an end to these tragic statistics by providing full access to various treatment options to those seeking help with their addictions. While many of these patients may ben-efit from outpatient help, others need highly specialized inpatient treatment to ensure they are receiving the most clinically appropriate care. The IMD CARE Act will increase ac-cess to care for certain Medicaid bene-ficiaries with opioid use disorder who need the most intensive care possible: inpatient care. Current law prohibits the Federal Government from providing Federal Medicaid matching funds to States to provide mental disease care to Med-icaid-eligible patients aged 21 to 64 in facilities defined as institutes of men-tal diseases, commonly known as IMDs. This IMD exclusion means that Federal dollars may not be provided for the care of Medicaid-eligible patients in this age group for substance use dis-order treatments at hospitals, nursing facilities, or other institutions with more than 16 beds. It is time to repeal the IMD exclusion and remove this outdated barrier to in-patient treatment. The IMD CARE Act would allow States to repeal for 5 years the IMD exclusion for adult Medicaid beneficiaries who have an opioid use disorder, which includes heroin and fentanyl. These beneficiaries would receive treatment in an IMD for up to 30 days over a 12-month period, during which time the beneficiary would be regu-larly assessed to ensure their treat-ment and health needs require inpa-tient care. The bill would also require the IMD to develop an outpatient plan for the individual’s ongoing treatment upon discharge. Throughout the Energy and Com-merce Committee’s work on the opioid crisis, the IMD exclusion is consist-ently identified as a significant barrier to care for Medicaid patients. Not every patient needs treatment in an IMD, but those who do are often among the most vulnerable. What once was a well-intended exclusion on Federal Medicaid spending has since prevented individuals from seeking treatment. In the light of the opioid epidemic, I believe my legislation strikes the right balance. I know some have suggested States continue to seek CMS waivers to allow Medicaid to pay for IMD care. Waivers can be a good option for some States, but not all States want a waiv-er. In fact, less than half of the States have applied for a waiver. Additionally, a waiver can take a substantial amount of time to develop, review, and approve. We are losing too many friends and family members to force States to navigate a lengthy and uncertain waiv-er process. The IMD CARE Act allows 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.055 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5336 June 20, 2018 
States to act now to ensure patients who are suffering from addiction get the care they need. The National Governors Association and the American Hospital Association have endorsed this legislation. Other organizations, such as the National As-sociation of State Medicaid Directors and the National Association of State Mental Health Directors, have sup-ported the idea of Congress addressing the IMD. While the repeal of the IMD exclusion would increase mandatory outlays and add costs to the Medicaid system, the IMD CARE Act is fully paid for by curbing unnecessary Federal and State Medicaid outlays. I want to thank Chairman W
ALDEN  and my colleagues on the House En-ergy and Commerce Committee for their support of this bill, which will provide much needed care to Ameri-cans suffering from opioid use disorder. Through the IMD CARE Act, Congress has a unique opportunity to remove a barrier to care and bring specialized treatment to Medicaid patients who desperately need it. Mr. Chairman, I urge all Members to support this important bill today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I stand in opposition to H.R. 5797, the IMD CARE Act. I think we all agree that we need all the tools available to us to address the opioid crisis. Inpatient treatment cen-ters that focus on the treatment of be-havioral health needs of patients with substance use disorder are part of that. Congress must do what we can to ease access to care. But I believe this legislation, as drafted, is misguided. It is also coun-terproductive and an ineffective use of scarce Medicaid dollars. But more im-portantly, it may undermine the ongo-ing efforts to improve the full con-tinuum of care for people with sub-stance use disorders. This policy spends more than $1 bil-lion in Medicaid to pay for a policy that is far narrower in both scope and flexibility than what many of our States already have and any State could do through Medicaid substance use disorder waivers. In addition, as countless data has in-dicated, there are many gaps in treat-ment for Medicaid beneficiaries with substance use disorder. Yet this bill does nothing to incentivize States to provide the full continuum of care. Community-based services are nec-essary for both people not treated in residential inpatient facilities and also for people who leave residential inpa-tient treatment and need community- based services to continue their treat-ment and recovery. We already face a shortage of com-munity-based care for substance use disorder and should be working with States to increase this capacity. Yet this bill doesn’t tie Federal funds for IMD care to improvements in commu-nity-based services. Without that con-nection, States simply will not pursue these needed improvements. Without incentives to improve access to treatment more broadly, repealing the IMD exclusion to only a narrow population—in this case, opioid use— through legislation may simply en-courage greater use of expensive inpa-tient treatment, including for people for whom it may not be the best op-tion. We can’t push a system where people cycle in and out of institutions. People with substance use disorders need a range of supports to stay well and sober long term, not just a limited stay in an IMD. Existing guidance from both the Obama and Trump administrations al-lows States to waive the IMD exclu-sions if the States also take steps to ensure that people with substance use disorder have access to other care they need, including preventive, treatment and recovery services. So far, there are 22 States, Mr. Chair, that have waivers approved or pending before the administration. I think these waivers are important to sup-port. My home State of New Jersey has ap-proval for a waiver right now. Under that waiver, they expanded access to all substance use disorder services in their Medicaid program. We should build on that policy, which emphasizes the full continuum of care, with any bills that repeal the IMD exclusion. In addition, I have concerns about creating a system in States whereby only some of our Medicaid beneficiaries with substance use disorder have ac-cess to the full continuum of care they need. This bill specifically limits residen-tial treatment to adults with opioid use disorders, with the possible addi-tion of an amendment for cocaine use disorders. But it doesn’t help the over-whelming majority of individuals with other substance use disorders, such as alcohol, which is far more commonly abused. Treatment for substance use dis-order, especially in the midst of our opioid crisis, must include a com-prehensive approach that addresses the entirety of a patient’s medical and psy-chological conditions. This legislation creates a perverse incentive toward in-dividuals reporting opioid abuse or going out and getting addicted to opioids, for instance, in the hopes of gaining access to the treatment they need. Expanding access to inpatient resi-dential treatment in a vacuum I think would undermine State efforts to en-sure the availability of substance use disorder treatment that meets the needs of all patients in the most appro-priate environment. In the short time this legislation has been publicly available, countless stakeholders have weighed in vehe-mently on particulars of this bill, echo-ing my concerns today. In fact, coali-tions with more than 300 groups as well as other mental health, substance use, and disability groups have sent letters in opposition. I think we need to work with stakeholders. This issue is too im-portant to get wrong. For these reasons, Mr. Chair, I op-pose H.R. 5797. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mrs. W
ALTERS for introducing this legislation. Throughout this committee’s and subcommittee’s work on opioids, the IMD exclusion has been consistently identified by many stakeholders in conversations not only in my office but with the subcommittee as a barrier to care for Medicaid patients who need in-patient treatment. In the face of an epidemic that is taking the lives of 115 Americans on average every day, I believe this policy strikes the right balance. The IMD CARE Act targets limited resources to remove a barrier to care by allowing States to repeal the IMD exclusion for 5 years for Medicaid beneficiaries be-tween the ages of 21 and 64 who have an opioid use disorder. This approach will provide States the flexibility to in-crease access to institutional care for those who truly need it. While getting a waiver from CMS for the IMD exclusion is a good option for many States, less than half the States have applied for a waiver. We are los-ing too many of our friends and neigh-bors each day to this crisis to ask States to go through what can be a lengthy and uncertain process to se-cure a waiver. The IMD CARE Act allows States to act now to ensure their patients who are suffering now from a terrible dis-ease can get the care that they need and get it now. I ask my fellow Members to join me in support of Mrs. W
ALTERS ’ bill. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I want to speak briefly on a point that I think is being lost here. This bill presumes that expanding ac-cess to residential treatment is the an-swer, and it is not necessarily. Without any requirement that States address gaps in Medicaid community-based services, I think there is a possibility that we risk more harm than good. The former director of national drug control policy has reminded us that most of these IMD facilities provide de-toxification services. But detoxifica-tion is only the first stage of addiction treatment. Indeed, it may increase the potential for overdose if patients do not remain or have any support when released, since, with detoxification, their tolerance for opioids is signifi-cantly reduced. The proposal before the House will likely create an overreliance on insti-tutional treatment and may exacerbate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.058 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5337 June 20, 2018 
the dearth of community-based health services. b1400 People with substance use disorder often find themselves unable to access intensive community-based behavioral health services when they need it. Likewise, many cannot access services in the community when they are dis-charged following a crisis. Incentivizing inpatient care may ac-tually increase opioid overdose, the very harm that Congress is seeking to prevent. Experts have raised serious concerns with this bill’s institutional focus because recent data suggests that inpatient detoxification is an impor-tant predictor of overdose, largely be-cause many who receive inpatient care aren’t then connected to community- based treatment programs or put on medication, leaving them extremely vulnerable. Again, I am concerned that we may be contributing to this crisis with this legislation. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ), chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I want to thank my colleague M
IMIWALTERS and those who have worked so closely with her on this really, really important legislation. That is why I am here to support it, H.R. 5797, the IMD CARE Act. This is really commonsense legisla-tion, and it will make a meaningful change to the way Medicaid covers opioid use disorder for its beneficiaries. In other words, low-income people in America who get their medical assist-ance through Medicaid are going to get another option and more help to deal with their addiction. We are discussing this bill because a severely outdated policy limits Medic-aid’s coverage in an institution for mental disease—that is what an IMD is, institution for mental disease—for just 30 days. It is old. It is antiquated. It doesn’t work with today’s treatment regimens. This exclusion has been in place for decades—decades—certainly long be-fore the opioid crisis ever hit our coun-try, and it is now a barrier to critical care for low-income people on Medicaid when this vulnerable population needs help with their addiction the most. Representative W
ALTERS ’ thoughtful bill will allow State Medicaid pro-grams, from 2019 through 2023, to re-move this antiquated Federal barrier to treatment for those on Medicaid, age 21 to 64, with an opioid use dis-order, through a State plan amend-ment. In doing so, Medicaid would pay for up to 30 total days of a beneficiary’s care in an IMD during a 12-month pe-riod, year. So this is limited in scope. It is in partnership with the States. It is low- income people getting more help from Medicaid to pay for this extraor-dinarily important treatment. This bill also collects much-needed data on the process. After taking up this option, States will have to report on the number of individuals with opioid use disorder under this plan, their length of stay, and the type of treatment received upon discharge. This will help inform better programs down the line. As a Congress, we have been focused on combating the opioid crisis for quite some time. This is not our first legisla-tive attempt to help people not only avoid this addiction, but overcome it. It will not be our last. We will legis-late; we will evaluate; we will legislate; we will evaluate, as Republicans and Democrats have been doing for some time. It is an important step, this bill, that can help get people a vital treatment to which they now don’t have access. The American Hospital Association, the National Governors Association, Republicans and Democrats, hospitals and Governors across the country, have said: Please do this. This is a need that is unmet. Please help us change this antiquated Federal law. Many stakeholder groups, including the National Association of State Med-icaid Directors, the people who run the Medicaid programs in States; the Na-tional Association of State Mental Health Program Directors, the people who know what is needed most to over-come these situations; and many oth-ers have talked to us in the committee. They have talked to me personally. They are pleading with Congress to get rid of this barrier to care, this out-dated law, and to help people get treat-ment, especially the low-income among us. We have an opportunity to deliver, to help. We have an opportunity to save lives. It is our responsibility, and we need to pass this legislation. Mr. Chair, I commend the gentle-woman from California for bringing this issue to the committee and shep-herding it through. It is so important to pass this legislation. Let’s help these people get the care they need and want. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, in closing and in urging opposition to this bill from my col-leagues, the reason the IMD exclusion was put in place in the beginning was because of the fear that people who had overdosed, who had opiate problems, would be put into institutions, if you will, and then throw away the key. In other words, they put them in there, maybe they get detoxed, and then they come out. But without any treatment or any followup, community-based treatment, they would just go back to the same thing again; they would over-dose again and end up back in the facil-ity. So the fear was that we would have these large facilities where they go in and, without any kind of continuum of care, the cycle just keeps repeating itself. I just want my colleagues to be mindful of that. What happened was, during the Obama administration, States had asked for waivers from the IMD exclu-sion, and the Obama administration de-cided they would do that if they pro-vided a continuum of care and commu-nity-based services so that the problem that led to the IMD exclusion would not repeat itself. I guess my fear is, today, that this seems like such a simple solution: Okay. We will get rid of the 16-bed ex-clusion because we need people to go into these institutions. However, since we are not providing any continuum of care or community care in eliminating this exclusion, it goes back to the same problem, which is we don’t want people to just be warehoused to detox, come out again, overdose again, and go back in without any kind of community services. That is why I am making the argu-ment that the actual waivers that exist now, which I think almost half of the States have, is a much better alter-native than just lifting and getting rid of the exclusion. That is why I believe that this bill is misplaced and why I would urge my colleagues to oppose it, because I think it may actually go back to the days where we were just warehousing people and we are not ac-tually giving them the kind of treat-ment that they need. Mr. Chair, I would urge my col-leagues to vote against the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, the opioid crisis requires us to act now. The IMD exclusion is consistently identified as a significant barrier to care by State Medicaid di-rectors and numerous other stake-holder groups. We need to pass this bill in order to increase access to acute, short-term inpatient treatment. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and help individuals suffering with opioid addiction. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I rise to oppose H.R. 5797, also known as the ‘‘IMD CARE Act.’’ H.R. 5797 allows states to use Medicaid funds to treat adult patients ages 21–64 with opioid abuse disorders in Institutions for Men-tal Disease (IMDs) with more than 16 beds. While expanding access to treatment for sub-stance abuse disorders is an admirable goal, H.R. 5797 is not the way to accomplish this goal. One obvious limitation of H.R. 5797 is that it only applies to opioid and heroin use dis-orders. It does nothing to expand access to treatment for other types of substance abuse disorders, including alcoholism and the abuse of other illegal drugs like methamphetamine, crack, and other forms of cocaine. A second problem with this bill is that it only expands access to treatment in inpatient IMD 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.060 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5338 June 20, 2018 
facilities. It does not provide Medicaid funding for substance abuse treatment services in an outpatient setting, nor does it require states to make such services available. Not all sub-stance abuse patients need to be treated in an institution, and those that do will also need outpatient recovery services after they are re-leased from an IMD. Currently, states can already use Medicaid funds to treat patients in IMD facilities by means of a waiver from the Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services (CMS). In order to qualify for a waiver, states must take steps to ensure that patients are able to obtain sub-stance abuse treatment and services in the community, as well as in institutions. Eleven states already have a waiver for this purpose, and eleven other states have waiver applica-tions pending. Expanding access to inpatient treatment in states that do not provide out-patient services risks forcing patients into treatment that is ineffective and inappropriate for their situation. Another option that is already available for states that want to expand access to sub-stance abuse treatment services is to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. Med-icaid expansion would ensure that all low-in-come people, including those with substance abuse disorders, are able to obtain treatment for their medical conditions. I submitted an amendment that would have required states to expand Medicaid pursuant to the Affordable Care Act as a condition for using Medicaid funds to treat people with opioid abuse disorders in IMD facilities. This amendment would have provided an additional incentive for states to expand Medicaid, which in turn would have expanded access to a broad range of treatment and services for pa-tients with substance abuse disorders. Expanding access to Medicaid will benefit patients with substance abuse disorders, re-gardless of the type of addiction from which they suffer and regardless of whether they would be best served by inpatient treatment, outpatient treatment, or a combination of the two. It is especially ironic that this bill is being considered on the House floor the day after House Republicans unveiled their fiscal year 2019 budget proposal, which would cut $1.5 trillion from Medicaid. If the majority party cares about Americans suffering from an opioid abuse disorder, they would not rob them of the health care services thiey already have. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 5797 and support a comprehensive solution to sub-stance abuse disorders that will meet the needs of all people suffering from these tragic medical conditions. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part C of House Report 115–766, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for pur-pose of further amendment under the 5- minute rule, and shall be considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 5797 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Appropriate and Responsible in its Execution Act’’ or the ‘‘IMD CARE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MEDICAID STATE PLAN OPTION TO PRO-VIDE SERVICES FOR CERTAIN INDI-VIDUALS WITH OPIOID USE DIS-ORDERS IN INSTITUTIONS FOR MEN-TAL DISEASES. 
Section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) S
TATE PLANOPTION TOPROVIDE SERV-
ICES FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS IN INSTITUTIONS  
FORMENTAL DISEASES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to calendar quarters beginning during the period beginning January 1, 2019, and ending December 31, 2023, a State may elect, through a State plan amend-ment, to, notwithstanding section 1905(a), pro-vide medical assistance for services furnished in institutions for mental diseases and for other medically necessary services furnished to eligible individuals with opioid use disorders, in accord-ance with the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts expended under a State plan amendment under paragraph (1) for services described in such paragraph furnished, with respect to a 12-month period, to an eligible individual with an opioid use disorder who is a patient in an institution for mental diseases shall be treated as medical assistance for which payment is made under section 1903(a) but only to the extent that such services are furnished for not more than a period of 30 days (whether or not consecutive) during such 12-month period. ‘‘(B) C
LARIFICATION .—Payment made under this paragraph for expenditures under a State plan amendment under this subsection with re-spect to services described in paragraph (1) fur-nished to an eligible individual with an opioid use disorder shall not affect payment that would otherwise be made under section 1903(a) for expenditures under the State plan (or waiver of such plan) for medical assistance for such in-dividual. ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED IN STATE PLAN  
AMENDMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A State electing to provide medical assistance pursuant to this subsection shall include with the submission of the State plan amendment under paragraph (1) to the Secretary— ‘‘(i) a plan on how the State will improve ac-cess to outpatient care during the period of the State plan amendment, including a description of— ‘‘(I) the process by which eligible individuals with opioid use disorders will make the transi-tion from receiving inpatient services in an in-stitution for mental diseases to appropriate out-patient care; and ‘‘(II) the process the State will undertake to ensure individuals with opioid use disorder are provided care in the most integrated setting ap-propriate to the needs of the individuals; and ‘‘(ii) a description of how the State plan amendment ensures an appropriate clinical screening of eligible individuals with an opioid use disorder, including assessments to determine level of care and length of stay recommenda-tions based upon the multidimensional assess-ment criteria of the American Society of Addic-tion Medicine. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than the sooner of December 31, 2024, or one year after the date of the termination of a State plan amendment under this subsection, the State shall submit to the Secretary a report that includes at least— ‘‘(i) the number of eligible individuals with opioid use disorders who received services pur-suant to such State plan amendment; ‘‘(ii) the length of the stay of each such indi-vidual in an institution for mental diseases; and ‘‘(iii) the type of outpatient treatment, includ-ing medication-assisted treatment, each such in-dividual received after being discharged from such institution. ‘‘(4) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL WITH AN OPIOID USE  
DISORDER .—The term ‘eligible individual with an opioid use disorder’ means an individual who— ‘‘(i) with respect to a State, is enrolled for medical assistance under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan); ‘‘(ii) is at least 21 years of age; ‘‘(iii) has not attained 65 years of age; and ‘‘(iv) has been diagnosed with at least one opioid use disorder. ‘‘(B) I
NSTITUTION FOR MENTAL DISEASES .—The term ‘institution for mental diseases’ has the meaning given such term in section 1905(i). ‘‘(C) O
PIOID PRESCRIPTION PAIN RELIEVER .— The term ‘opioid prescription pain reliever’ in-cludes hydrocodone products, oxycodone prod-ucts, tramadol products, codeine products, mor-phine products, fentanyl products, buprenorphine products, oxymorphone products, meperidine products, hydromorphone products, methadone, and any other prescription pain re-liever identified by the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. ‘‘(D) O
PIOID USE DISORDER .—The term ‘opioid use disorder’ means a disorder that meets the criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Man-ual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition (or a suc-cessor edition), for heroin use disorder or pain reliever use disorder (including with respect to opioid prescription pain relievers). ‘‘(E) O
THER MEDICALLY NECESSARY SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘other medically necessary serv-ices’ means, with respect to an eligible indi-vidual with an opioid use disorder who is a pa-tient in an institution for mental diseases, items and services that are provided to such indi-vidual outside of such institution to the extent that such items and services would be treated as medical assistance for such individual if such individual were not a patient in such institu-tion.’’. 
SEC. 3. PROMOTING VALUE IN MEDICAID MAN-AGED CARE. 
Section 1903(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7)(A) With respect to expenditures de-scribed in subparagraph (B) that are incurred by a State for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2020 (and before fiscal year 2025), in de-termining the pro rata share to which the United States is equitably entitled under subsection (d)(3), the Secretary shall sub-stitute the Federal medical assistance per-centage that applies for such fiscal year to the State under section 1905(b) (without re-gard to any adjustments to such percentage applicable under such section or any other provision of law) for the percentage that ap-plies to such expenditures under section 1905(y). ‘‘(B) Expenditures described in this sub-paragraph, with respect to a fiscal year to which subparagraph (A) applies, are expendi-tures incurred by a State for payment for medical assistance provided to individuals described in subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i) by a managed care entity, or other specified entity (as defined in subpara-graph (D)(iii)), that are treated as remit-tances because the State— ‘‘(i) has satisfied the requirement of sec-tion 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation), by elect-ing— ‘‘(I) in the case of a State described in sub-paragraph (C), to apply a minimum medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.025 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5339 June 20, 2018 
loss ratio (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) that is at least 85 percent but not greater than the minimum medical loss ratio (as so defined) that such State applied as of May 31, 2018; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a State not described in subparagraph (C), to apply a minimum med-ical loss ratio that is equal to 85 percent; and ‘‘(ii) recovered all or a portion of the ex-penditures as a result of the entity’s failure to meet such ratio. ‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), a State described in this subparagraph is a State that as of May 31, 2018, applied a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in such subparagraph under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan) that is equal to or great-er than 85 percent. ‘‘(D) For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The term ‘managed care entity’ means a medicaid managed care organization de-scribed in section 1932(a)(1)(B)(i). ‘‘(ii) The term ‘minimum medical loss ratio’ means, with respect to a State, a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in subparagraph (B) under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan). ‘‘(iii) The term ‘other specified entity’ means— ‘‘(I) a prepaid inpatient health plan, as de-fined in section 438.2 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tion); and ‘‘(II) a prepaid ambulatory health plan, as defined in such section (or any successor reg-ulation).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part D of House Report 115–766. Each such further amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . RUSH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part D of House Report 115–766. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
In section 2, strike ‘‘ INDIVIDUALS WITH  
OPIOID USE DISORDERS ’’ and insert ‘‘ INDIVID -
UALS WITH TARGETED SUDS ’’. In the subsection (l) proposed to be added by section 2 of the bill to section 1915 of the Social Security Act, strike ‘‘eligible individ-uals with opioid use disorders’’ each place it appears and insert ‘‘eligible individuals with targeted SUDs’’ each such place. In the subsection (l) proposed to be added by section 2 of the bill to section 1915 of the Social Security Act, strike ‘‘eligible indi-vidual with an opioid use disorder’’ each place it appears and insert ‘‘eligible indi-vidual with a targeted SUD’’ each such place. Page 5, beginning on line 19, strike ‘‘indi-viduals with opioid use disorder’’ and insert ‘‘eligible individuals with targeted SUDs’’. Page 6, beginning on line 1, strike ‘‘eligible individuals with an opioid use disorder’’ and insert ‘‘eligible individuals with targeted SUDs’’. Page 6, line 7, insert before the period the following: ‘‘and to determine the appropriate setting for such care’’. Page 7, line 12, strike ‘‘opioid use disorder’’ and insert ‘‘targeted SUD’’. In the subsection (l)(4) proposed to be added by section 2 of the bill to section 1915 of the Social Security Act, strike subpara-graph (D), redesignate subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D), and add at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(E) TARGETED SUD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘targeted SUD’ means an opioid use disorder or a cocaine use disorder. ‘‘(ii) C
OCAINE USE DISORDER .—The term ‘co-caine use disorder’ means a disorder that meets the criteria of the Diagnostic and Sta-tistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edi-tion (or a successor edition), for either de-pendence or abuse for cocaine, including co-caine base (commonly referred to as ‘crack cocaine’). ‘‘(iii) O
PIOID USE DISORDER .—The term ‘opioid use disorder’ means a disorder that meets the criteria of the Diagnostic and Sta-tistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edi-tion (or a successor edition), for heroin use disorder or pain reliever use disorder (includ-ing with respect to opioid prescription pain relievers).’’. Strike all that follows after section 2 and insert the following: 
SEC. 3. PROMOTING VALUE IN MEDICAID MAN-AGED CARE. 
Section 1903(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7)(A) With respect to expenditures de-scribed in subparagraph (B) that are incurred by a State for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2020 (and before fiscal year 2024), in de-termining the pro rata share to which the United States is equitably entitled under subsection (d)(3), the Secretary shall sub-stitute the Federal medical assistance per-centage that applies for such fiscal year to the State under section 1905(b) (without re-gard to any adjustments to such percentage applicable under such section or any other provision of law) for the percentage that ap-plies to such expenditures under section 1905(y). ‘‘(B) Expenditures described in this sub-paragraph, with respect to a fiscal year to which subparagraph (A) applies, are expendi-tures incurred by a State for payment for medical assistance provided to individuals described in subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i) by a managed care entity, or other specified entity (as defined in subpara-graph (D)(iii)), that are treated as remit-tances because the State— ‘‘(i) has satisfied the requirement of sec-tion 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation), by elect-ing— ‘‘(I) in the case of a State described in sub-paragraph (C), to apply a minimum medical loss ratio (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) that is at least 85 percent but not greater than the minimum medical loss ratio (as so defined) that such State applied as of May 31, 2018; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a State not described in subparagraph (C), to apply a minimum med-ical loss ratio that is equal to 85 percent; and ‘‘(ii) recovered all or a portion of the ex-penditures as a result of the entity’s failure to meet such ratio. ‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), a State described in this subparagraph is a State that as of May 31, 2018, applied a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in such subparagraph under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan) that is equal to or great-er than 85 percent. ‘‘(D) For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The term ‘managed care entity’ means a medicaid managed care organization de-scribed in section 1932(a)(1)(B)(i). ‘‘(ii) The term ‘minimum medical loss ratio’ means, with respect to a State, a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in subparagraph (B) under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan). ‘‘(iii) The term ‘other specified entity’ means— ‘‘(I) a prepaid inpatient health plan, as de-fined in section 438.2 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tion); and ‘‘(II) a prepaid ambulatory health plan, as defined in such section (or any successor reg-ulation).’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer my amendment that finally addresses a longstanding and discriminatory gap in coverage and expands treatment op-tions for those suffering from addic-tion. This House, Mr. Chairman, should be commended for its work on opioid ad-diction, but let us not forget that we have insidiously ignored another perva-sive and catastrophically destructive addiction that is known as crack co-caine. To remedy this, Mr. Chairman, my amendment would expand the bill to include those individuals suffering from cocaine use disorder and explic-itly clarifies the inclusion of cocaine base, more commonly known as crack cocaine, which, along with opiates, is a double-barrel cause of drug-related deaths in communities like mine all across this Nation. Too often, Mr. Chairman, this House seems to only have focused on issues when they have affected the majority, the White population. This leaves vul-nerable, non-White, minority Ameri-cans without any chance to escape from their illness and their resulting suffering. Too often, Mr. Chairman, the govern-ment’s response to minority Americans has been mass incarceration instead of treatment. Too often, Mr. Chairman, crises that impact the African Amer-ican communities are seen as a crimi-nal justice problem, while those that affect the White community are seen as a public health problem. That phe-nomenon changes today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.021 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5340 June 20, 2018 
I know opponents of this amendment will say that we should be expanding coverage to all those suffering from ad-diction. I wholeheartedly agree, Mr. Chairman, with that statement. How-ever, while more remains to be done, today’s action is a step in the right di-rection. This is an important moment for those who have been addicted to crack and have been denied such access to treatment. Today they will finally get relief as we make historic progress in the fight against addiction and the in-justice that continues to tear commu-nities apart. For this reason, I urge all my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this worthwhile and meaningful amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman from Oregon is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Rush amendment to H.R. 5797, the IMD CARE Act. Earlier today, I spoke in support of the underlying bill. It will make a meaningful change to the way Medicaid covers opioid use disorder for its beneficiaries. The amendment offered by my friend and colleague from Illinois, Represent-ative B
OBBY RUSH, will expand on that definition. It will allow Medicaid to provide coverage for individuals seek-ing treatment from cocaine and crack cocaine usage. Looking at just 2016, opioids and co-caine caused 82 percent of all drug overdose deaths in the United States. Cocaine alone kills more than 10,000 Americans a year. News outlets have also reported fentanyl being mixed in with cocaine, further complicating this tragic opioid crisis. This is an issue that Mr. R
USH has passionately led on in the committee, on the floor, and at home in his com-munity. b1415 We discussed it in the hearing room and at length in private while working to fine-tune this legislation so that the best possible version can become law. So I want to thank Mr. R
USHfor this amendment, and I want people to know that it really will improve and expand the scope of this bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment and support the underlying bill, which will dra-matically aid in our response to the opioid epidemic for all Americans, wherever they live. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), the ranking Democrat on the committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I support Mr. R
USH’s amendment, but I remain in strong op-position to the underlying bill. I sup-port my colleague’s, Mr. R
USH’s, work to add cocaine use disorder. As Mr. R
USHnoted in our committee, cocaine use claims more African Amer-ican lives than opioid use and has been a larger problem than opioid use dis-order for more than 20 years, yet incar-ceration, not treatment, is far too often the response. Unfortunately, adding a single addi-tional drug does not make this legisla-tion whole. Nearly half of all States al-ready reimburse for IMDs for all indi-viduals with substance use disorder. We can and should build on that policy and strengthen the full continuum of care with any IMD policy this body passes. There is no good reason, policy or otherwise, for us to leave the over-whelming majority of Medicaid bene-ficiaries out in the cold because they have the misfortunate to be addicted to, for instance, alcohol or meth in-stead of cocaine or opioids. So, again, I support the amendment, but I remain in strong opposition to the underlying bill. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I con-clude my comments by expressing my disappointment that I have yet to per-suade my friend from New Jersey to support the underlying bill, although I appreciate his support of the Rush amendment. We know that our Governors, we know that our State Medicaid direc-tors, and we know those most involved in helping those with addiction have pled with us to change this antiquated law so that people of all colors, of all backgrounds, from anywhere in this country, especially the low-income, can get access to meaningful, modern, and helpful assistance to overcome their addiction. That is what this bill does. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-leagues to support the amendment, and I encourage them to support the under-lying bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, may I in-quire as to how much time I have re-maining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-ing. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, before I close, I want to, in a most sincere and humble way, thank Chairman W
ALDEN  for his outstanding leadership on this matter, and for his breadth of under-standing of the difficulties that my constituents have as a result of the omission from treatments for crack co-caine and other similar addictions. I do understand the ranking member on the full committee’s problems and concerns. I do understand, and I accept it. But, Mr. Chairman, we have to go forward on this particular amendment and on final passage. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman WALDEN , and all of the staffs, for work-ing with my staff on this critically im-portant issue. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part D of House Report 115–766. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 6, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 6, line 23, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 6, after line 23, insert the following: ‘‘(iv) the number of eligible individuals with any co-occuring disorders who received services pursuant to such State plan amend-ment and the co-occuring disorders from which they suffer; and ‘‘(v) information regarding the effects of a State plan amendment on access to commu-nity care for individuals suffering from a mental disease other than substance use dis-order.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, this leg-islation requires States to submit a re-port on the number of patients served for opioid use disorder at institutions for mental diseases, their length of stay, and the care they received after they were discharged. My amendment would add two requirements to that re-port. The first additional element address-es co-occurring disorders. My amend-ment would require that States include information on the number of individ-uals suffering from these disorders, as well as the type of specific disorders from which they suffer. Co-occurring disorders are a terrible situation in which a person is simulta-neously experiencing a mental illness and a substance use issue. This is espe-cially prevalent in our veteran popu-lation, with the VA estimating that about one-third of veterans seeking treatment for substance use disorder also meet the criteria for post-trau-matic stress disorder. Co-occurring disorders can be espe-cially difficult for doctors to diagnose because of how complex symptoms can be, with one often masking the symp-toms of the other. As of 2016, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration estimates that more than 8 million 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.065 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5341 June 20, 2018 
adults in the U.S. had co-occurring dis-orders. Half of them did not receive proper treatment, and around one-third received no care for mental illness or substance use disorder. If we are going to get these individ-uals the help they need and deserve, we are going to need to know what care is needed and how large the existing treatment gap really is. My amend-ment will help to provide that data. The second element of my amend-ment requires information on access to community care for individuals suf-fering from a mental illness other than substance use disorder. For decades, our country has shifted mental healthcare services away from institutional care into community health providers. That is substantial progress that we certainly don’t want to reverse or endanger. Make no mistake, passing this legis-lation will have a direct effect on ac-cess to community care for people with mental diseases. We should know how much and to what extent that is the case. My amendment will provide Con-gress with the data on whether that ac-cess is increasing or, as a result of this potential legislation, decreasing. We should not, in efforts to combat this epidemic, inadvertently create un-certainty or greater harm for other groups of people, especially such vul-nerable groups as those with mental illness. My amendment will provide Congress with greater information for us to know if we are doing just that. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in op-position, but I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), my col-league, for offering this amendment to H.R. 5797. This amendment seeks to add several components to a State report that is included in H.R. 5797. I appreciate Mr. K
ILDEE ’s work on this amendment. I think that this information would be valuable, and I am happy to accept the amendment. However, I want to note that we will need to talk to States about the information this amendment would have, and then report. Changes may have to be made, depending on that feedback. I am committed to working out the technical details of the amendment as we move into conference. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AL-
LONE ). Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I support my col-league’s, Representative K
ILDEE ’s, amendment to this legislation. It is certainly important to require States to report information on individuals with co-occurring disorders and what disorders are suffered, and it is equally important to have information on ac-cess to community care for individuals suffering from a behavioral health issue other than a substance use dis-order. Mr. Chairman, I want to stress that this information is important, but the underlying problem with the IMD CARE Act continues. I believe this bill is, at best, an ineffective use of scarce Medicaid dollars. More importantly, it may undermine ongoing efforts to im-prove the full continuum of care for people with substance use disorders. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-ciate the comments of both of my col-leagues. This is an effort to make sure that, as we take on this epidemic, whatever path we may take, we do so in a way that gets us the best information we can to determine whether or not we are making the progress that this intends. We have our thoughts about that. This legislation, and this particular amend-ment, would ensure that Congress has the information it needs. I encourage my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
FITZPATRICK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part D of House Report 115–766. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 6, line 7, insert before the period the following: ‘‘or criteria established or en-dorsed by the State agency identified by the State pursuant to section 1932(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Public Health Service Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 949, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, I intend to withdraw the amendment, but I want to take a moment to highlight an issue of crit-ical importance to my home State of Pennsylvania where communities across the Commonwealth have been suffering from the scourge of the opioid crisis. First, I want to thank the committee for tackling the IMD exclusion prob-lem. We must ensure access to treat-ment to get people suffering with ad-diction on the road to recovery. Going forward, we must ensure that States have the flexibility that they need to provide access to treatment and not unintentionally create obstacles or bu-reaucratic barriers to care. This is exactly what I had in mind when I introduced my Road to Recov-ery Act last year. I worked with var-ious stakeholders across the Nation and in Pennsylvania, including Penn-sylvania State Representative Gene DiGirolamo and Deb Beck, the head of the Drug and Alcohol Service Providers Organization of Pennsylvania. I determined that States deliberately tailoring criteria to meet their unique situation, whether it be specific local realities or socioeconomic factors, need flexibility and should not be bound solely to the proprietary criteria of one organization—which, in fact, endorsed my Road to Recovery Act that in-cluded this same State flexibility cri-teria provision. I am concerned for Pennsylvania and other similarly situated States that could be left behind, especially in the public patient and residential treat-ment context. For instance, in Pennsylvania, we currently use the Pennsylvania client placement criteria tool for determining the appropriate level of care for an in-dividual seeking treatment or already within Pennsylvania’s treatment sys-tem. And there are simply differences between the ASAM standard specified in this bill and the criteria used by my home State of Pennsylvania. Additionally, in States that may be transitioning to the ASAM guidelines, much work is needed to implement these changes. So, States need the flexibility and assurances to be able to address facility needs during this tran-sition period. This would ensure access to care if the State sees a necessity for it. Furthermore, the CMS guidance for the States applying for 1115 waivers al-ready gives the ability to use either the ASAM criteria or other patient placement assessment tools. A manual published by SAMHSA dis-cusses the ASAM criteria and notes the following: ‘‘. . . The ASAM criteria were not as applicable to publicly fund-ed programs as to hospitals, practices of private practitioners, group prac-tices, or other medical settings. There-fore, some States supplemented or adapted ASAM criteria.’’ The same manual goes on to say that several States have adopted variations of the ASAM criteria to fit their sys-tems and that many States have made significant improvements in the ASAM criteria to make them more appro-priate to their systems and easier to use. b1430 So as you can see, Mr. Chairman, one size, or, in this case, one criteria, might not fit all for States that need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.068 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5342 June 20, 2018 
to tailor their criteria for their specific public health needs. I look forward to working with the committee and with the Senate in con-ference to ensure that States have the flexibility that they need to provide access to care. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and his team for agreeing to work with us on this issue. Unfortu-nately, this well-thought-out amend-ment would significantly alter the quality standards we have built into the base bill, and such a change would require more substantial vetting with key stakeholders than we have time for at this point. Because of that, we are not in posi-tion of being able to accept the amend-ment at this time. However, we do feel that Mr. F
ITZPATRICK has made a good start, so I will have our team do a com-prehensive vetting of the language and work with stakeholders to see if this is something we could add as we move into conference with the Senate. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his work and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with him on this and other issues and with the Senate as we continue work on this legislation. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chair, I ap-preciate the remarks from the chair-man. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. There being no further amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) having assumed the chair, Mr. M
ITCHELL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid serv-ices for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases, and, pursuant to House Reso-lution 949, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. CASTOR of Florida. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Castor of Florida moves to recommit the bill H.R. 5797 to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Strike all that follows after section 1 and insert the following: 
SEC. 2. MEDICAID STATE PLAN OPTION TO PRO-VIDE SERVICES FOR CERTAIN INDI-VIDUALS WITH SUBSTANCE USE DIS-ORDERS IN QUALIFIED INSTITU-TIONS FOR MENTAL DISEASES. 
Section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) S
TATE PLANOPTION TOPROVIDE SERV-
ICES FOR CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS IN QUALIFIED  I
NSTITUTIONS FOR MENTAL DISEASES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to calendar quarters beginning during the period begin-ning January 1, 2019, and ending December 31, 2023, a State may elect, through a State plan amendment, to, notwithstanding sec-tion 1905(a), provide medical assistance for addiction treatment services and other medi-cally necessary services furnished to eligible individuals with substance use disorders who are patients in qualified institutions for mental diseases, in accordance with the re-quirements of this subsection. ‘‘(2) P
AYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), amounts expended under a State plan amendment under paragraph (1) for services described in such paragraph furnished, with respect to a 12-month period, to an eligible individual with a substance use disorder who is a patient in a qualified institution for mental diseases shall be treated as medical assistance for which payment is made under section 1903(a) but only to the extent that such services are furnished for not more than a period of 30 days (whether or not consecu-tive) during such 12-month period. ‘‘(B) C
ONDITIONS .—As a condition of receiv-ing payment under this paragraph, a State shall satisfy each of the following: ‘‘(i) C
OVERAGE OF CONTINUUM OF CARE REC -
OMMENDED BY ASAM .—Provide medical assist-ance under the State plan for all nine levels of the continuum of care recommended, as of the date of the enactment of this section, by the American Society of Addiction Medicine. ‘‘(ii) C
OVERAGE OF NEWLY ELIGIBLE INDIVID -
UALS .—Provide for making medical assist-ance available under the State plan to all in-dividuals described in subclause (VIII) of sec-tion 1902(a)(10)(A)(i). ‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION .—Payment made under this paragraph for expenditures under a State plan amendment under this subsection with respect to services described in para-graph (1) furnished to an eligible individual with a substance use disorder shall not affect payment that would otherwise be made under section 1903(a) for expenditures under the State plan (or waiver of such plan) for medical assistance for such individual. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
DDICTION TREATMENT SERVICES .—The term ‘addiction treatment services’ means, with respect to a State and eligible individ-uals with substance use disorders who are patients in qualified institutions for mental diseases, services that are offered as part of a full continuum of evidence-based treat-ment services under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan), including residential, non-residential, and community-based care, for such individuals. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL WITH A SUBSTANCE  
USE DISORDER .—The term ‘eligible individual with a substance use disorder’ means an indi-vidual who— ‘‘(i) with respect to a State, is enrolled for medical assistance under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan); ‘‘(ii) is at least 21 years of age; ‘‘(iii) has not attained 65 years of age; and ‘‘(iv) has been diagnosed with at least one substance use disorder. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED INSTITUTION FOR MENTAL  
DISEASES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified insti-tution for mental diseases’ means an institu-tion described in section 1905(i) that— ‘‘(I) has fewer than 40 beds; ‘‘(II) is accredited for the treatment of sub-stance use disorders by the Joint Commis-sion on Accreditation of Healthcare Organi-zations, the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities, the Council on Ac-creditation, or any other accrediting agency that the Secretary deems appropriate as nec-essary to ensure nationwide applicability, in-cluding qualified national organizations and State-level accrediting agencies; and ‘‘(III) employs at least one provider who, for purposes of treating eligible individuals with a substance use disorder— ‘‘(aa) is licensed to prescribe at least one form of each type of medication-assisted treatment specified in clause (ii); ‘‘(bb) provides, with respect to the pre-scription of any such medication-assisted treatment, counseling services and behav-ioral therapy; and ‘‘(cc) can discuss with any such individual the risks, benefits, and alternatives of any such medication-assisted treatment so pre-scribed. ‘‘(ii) T
YPES OF MEDICATION -ASSISTED TREAT -
MENT SPECIFIED .—For purposes of clause (i), the types of medication-assisted treatment specified in this clause are each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(I) Methadone. ‘‘(II) Buprenorphine. ‘‘(III) Naltrexone. ‘‘(D) O
THER MEDICALLY NECESSARY SERV -
ICES.—The term ‘other medically necessary services’ means, with respect to an eligible individual with a substance use disorder who is a patient in a qualified institution for mental diseases, items and services that are provided to such individual outside of such institution to the extent that such items and services would be treated as medical assist-ance for such individual if such individual were not a patient in such institution.’’. 
SEC. 3. PROMOTING VALUE IN MEDICAID MAN-AGED CARE. 
Section 1903(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7)(A) With respect to expenditures de-scribed in subparagraph (B) that are incurred by a State for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2020 (and before fiscal year 2025), in de-termining the pro rata share to which the United States is equitably entitled under subsection (d)(3), the Secretary shall sub-stitute the Federal medical assistance per-centage that applies for such fiscal year to the State under section 1905(b) (without re-gard to any adjustments to such percentage applicable under such section or any other provision of law) for the percentage that ap-plies to such expenditures under section 1905(y). ‘‘(B) Expenditures described in this sub-paragraph, with respect to a fiscal year to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.071 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5343 June 20, 2018 
which subparagraph (A) applies, are expendi-tures incurred by a State for payment for medical assistance provided to individuals described in subclause (VIII) of section 1902(a)(10)(A)(i) by a managed care entity, or other specified entity (as defined in subpara-graph (D)(iii)), that are treated as remit-tances because the State— ‘‘(i) has satisfied the requirement of sec-tion 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regula-tions (or any successor regulation), by elect-ing— ‘‘(I) in the case of a State described in sub-paragraph (C), to apply a minimum medical loss ratio (as defined in subparagraph (D)(ii)) that is at least 85 percent but not greater than the minimum medical loss ratio (as so defined) that such State applied as of May 31, 2018; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a State not described in subparagraph (C), to apply a minimum med-ical loss ratio that is equal to 85 percent; and ‘‘(ii) recovered all or a portion of the ex-penditures as a result of the entity’s failure to meet such ratio. ‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (B), a State described in this subparagraph is a State that as of May 31, 2018, applied a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in such subparagraph under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan) that is equal to or great-er than 85 percent. ‘‘(D) For purposes of this paragraph: ‘‘(i) The term ‘managed care entity’ means a medicaid managed care organization de-scribed in section 1932(a)(1)(B)(i). ‘‘(ii) The term ‘minimum medical loss ratio’ means, with respect to a State, a min-imum medical loss ratio (as calculated under subsection (d) of section 438.8 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on June 1, 2018)) for payment for services provided by entities described in subparagraph (B) under the State plan under this title (or a waiver of the plan). ‘‘(iii) The term ‘other specified entity’ means— ‘‘(I) a prepaid inpatient health plan, as de-fined in section 438.2 of title 42, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (or any successor regula-tion); and ‘‘(II) a prepaid ambulatory health plan, as defined in such section (or any successor reg-ulation).’’. 
Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order on the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order is reserved. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. Ms. CASTOR of Florida (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, the House has been de-bating legislation to combat the opioid epidemic. While many of the bills we heard last week and this week are fine, together they fail to meet the chal-lenge of this very serious public health crisis where in America today, we are losing about 40,000 lives a year due to opioid addiction. Now, in the Energy and Commerce Committee over the past few months, we have had numerous hearings and heard from all sorts of experts and fam-ilies and the DEA and health providers. And then back home, families have been educating us on the challenges of dealing with opioid addiction. Families and public health experts and the medical community, they have reached a consensus that we need a more comprehensive approach to tack-le the opioid epidemic that includes prevention, community-based treat-ment, and integrated recovery plans. But it is very difficult for us to be proactive in a meaningful way on the opioid crisis when the Republicans and the White House continue to press us backwards when it comes to access to affordable healthcare. Just last week, the Trump adminis-tration launched a new attack on Americans with preexisting conditions, and that includes families struggling with opioid addiction. President Trump and the GOP asked a Federal court to strike down the protection that pre-vents insurance companies from deny-ing coverage or charging more for a preexisting condition. This would be a devastating blow to those suffering from addiction, not to mention cancer or diabetes or a heart condition or more. This would leave more families without insurance and more families without addiction treat-ment. President Trump and the GOP were not successful last year in ripping health coverage away from families across this country through legisla-tion, so now they are trying to do this through the court system: take away the guarantee of health coverage for millions of Americans with preexisting conditions. This is wrong and it will make the opioid epidemic worse. In-stead, we should be working together to develop and fund a comprehensive robust plan to combat and treat addic-tion. Mr. Speaker, this is why I am pro-posing an amendment to strengthen the underlying bill. My amendment, most importantly, makes the 5-year limited repeal of the IMD exclusion for individuals with substance use dis-orders contingent on the State expand-ing Medicaid. It is based on the most up-to-date research and everything we know about how important Medicaid and Medicaid expansion is to treating opioid addiction. Mr. Speaker, Medicaid is central to treating addiction, because families can get early intervention and treat-ment, including the important med-ical-assisted treatment. In fact, Med-icaid serves four out of ten of non-elderly adults with opioid addiction. According to a 2016 study by the Na-tional Council on Behavioral Health, about 1.6 million people with substance use disorders now have coverage be-cause they live in one of the 31 States at the time that expanded Medicaid. So they are more likely to receive treat-ment, including access to naloxone and other drugs that help them stay off the opioids. The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality highlighted the impor-tance of Medicaid expansion in increas-ing insurance coverage among people with opioid use disorders just recently. They found that the share of hos-pitalizations in which the patient was uninsured fell dramatically in States that had expanded Medicaid, from over 13 percent in 2013 to just 2.9 percent 2 years later after those States expanded Medicaid. The steep decline indicates that many uninsured people coping with opioid addiction gained coverage through Medicaid expansion. Medicaid is part of the solution to the opioid crisis, and Republicans should not irresponsibly press to cut millions of Americans, take away their lifeline as they propose massive cuts again to Medicaid. The Republican budget came out just yesterday. Surprise, surprise. Again, they go after families who rely on Med-icaid, not just Medicaid expansion that has been so important to treating folks who suffer from addiction, but fami-lies, children, our neighbors with dis-abilities, folks that rely on skilled nursing care, the Republican budget re-leased yesterday says $1.5 trillion in cuts to those families. That is not going to help solve the opioid epidemic. Republicans in Congress cannot, on one hand, say we are facing up to the addiction crisis, and on the other say we are taking away your healthcare, whether it is Medicaid or preexisting conditions. Mr. Speaker, I urge approval of my motion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ITCHELL ). The reservation of a point of order is withdrawn. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in oppo-sition to the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, the Energy and Com-merce Committee has worked hard to make this monumental first step in re-moving a decades-old barrier. Currently the law prohibits Medicaid beneficiaries aged 21 to 64 from receiv-ing care in an institution for mental disease, or IMD. This prohibition was set into law in the 1960s, long before the opioid crisis, and the time to repeal it in a targeted manner is now. Now is the time, because 115 Ameri-cans are dying each day from opioid-re-lated deaths. Now is the time, because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.026 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5344 June 20, 2018 
on average, 1,000 people are treated in emergency rooms for opioid misuse. I am happy to work with my col-leagues on expanding addiction treat-ment services, but that should not dis-tract from what we are considering today: increasing access to specialized inpatient treatment for the most vul-nerable in society who are struggling with an opioid addiction. We are helping to ensure that people get the care they need in the midst of this crisis, and most importantly, it will save lives. A recent MACPAC report clearly stated that the Medicaid IMD exclusion acts as a barrier for individuals with an opioid use disorder and is one of the few instances in Medicaid where Fed-eral financial participation cannot be used for medically necessary and other-wise covered services for a specific Medicaid enrollee population receiving treatment in a specific setting. The IMD CARE Act is vital to help-ing our communities end the opioid epidemic by removing that barrier. This bill provides for a targeted repeal of the IMD prohibition. The bill gives States a quicker alternative than Med-icaid waivers to provide this much needed care. This bill was carefully crafted to ensure that patients are not being held in IMDs for longer than nec-essary and the bill also includes an off-set. For these reasons, the National Gov-ernors Association and the American Hospital Association support the bill. Numerous stakeholder groups have identified the IMD exclusion repeal as one of the most significant reforms we can make to end the opioid crisis. This is such a critical first step. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this motion to recommit and to vote ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 42 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1545 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee) at 3 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to recommit on H.R. 5797; The question on passage of H.R. 5797, if ordered; The motion to recommit on H.R. 6082; The question on passage of H.R. 6082, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5-minute votes. 
f 
INDIVIDUALS IN MEDICAID DE-SERVE CARE THAT IS APPRO-PRIATE AND RESPONSIBLE IN ITS EXECUTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 5797) to amend title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain in-dividuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental diseases, of-fered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 190, nays 226, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 275] YEAS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.074 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5345 June 20, 2018 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—11 
Black Blum Collins (GA) Duffy Ellison Emmer Graves (MO) Lewis (MN) McCarthy Polis Vela 
b1612 Messrs. MARCHANT, GALLAGHER, WALKER, BRADY of Texas, FLORES, BANKS of Indiana, MULLIN, KING of New York, CULBERSON, BILIRAKIS, and COSTELLO of Pennsylvania changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. DEMINGS, Ms. PELOSI, and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 261, nays 155, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 276] YEAS—261 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rush Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—155 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Beatty Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gohmert Gomez Gosar Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Levin Lewis (GA) Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Black Blum Collins (GA) Duffy Ellison Emmer Graves (MO) Lewis (MN) McCarthy Polis Vela 
b1620 Mses. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and LEE changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCING 10TH ANNUAL CON-GRESSIONAL WOMEN’S SOFT-BALL GAME (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to be able to join my sisters on Team Congress for the 10th annual Congressional Women’s Softball Game tonight. Many of you know that our game started in 2009, after our former colleague, Con-gresswoman Jo Ann Emerson, and I came together and hatched a plan that—unlike the men, whom we love and respect and cheer on in the base-ball game—women, being the more col-legial sex, would come together and play on a bipartisan team against the common enemy: the press corps. Those of you who were here will re-member that we lost our minds in the first year and actually thought that we might be able to take on our political staff at the DNC, the RNC, the NRCC, the DCCC, and other assorted alphabet political organizations, and it didn’t go so well. So the next year, we thought better of it and came together to take on the press corps. Through those years, we have had a hearty record where the Members have won three of the nine contests that we have engaged in. But most impor-tantly, we have always played for the Young Survival Coalition to raise awareness and put a spotlight on the millions of young women who are under 40 years old who are diagnosed with breast cancer every year. Many of you know that I am a breast cancer survivor now of 10 years. I am very thrilled to be able to stand in front of you. Back then, I told you that I was so fearful of not being able to see the special events in my children’s lives: their bar and bat mitzvahs, their high school graduations. I have been to all three of their bar and bat mitzvahs, two high school graduations, and one more to go in a few years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.027 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5346 June 20, 2018 
We want to make sure that young women all across this country pay at-tention to their breast health and know what is normal for them so they know when something feels different. I am proud to tell you that, this year, we will have reached a milestone where we have raised $1.4 million for the Young Survival Coalition. So, my sisters, come out and join us tonight at the Watkins Recreation Center, 420 Twelfth Street SE, at 7 p.m. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I just want to say that each of the gentlewomen here all play for an individual who is a survivor or a fight-er. I have a colleague who I have served on the city council with in Mont-gomery, Alabama, for 7 years whose 18- year-old daughter, Courtney, was re-cently diagnosed with leukemia. So I want all of my colleagues to know that these are the faces and the individuals whom we are playing for on the field tonight. I hope that each of my col-leagues will come out. Go, Congress. Beat the press. 
f 
OVERDOSE PREVENTION AND PATIENT SAFETY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 6082) to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records, offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ALLONE ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 175, nays 240, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 277] YEAS—175 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) NAYS—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—12 
Black Blum Collins (GA) Denham Duffy Ellison Emmer Graves (MO) Lewis (MN) McCarthy Polis Vela 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1633 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 357, nays 57, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 278] YEAS—357 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Eshoo Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.080 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5347 June 20, 2018 
Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCaul McCollum McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—57 
Amash Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Clarke (NY) Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette DeSaulnier Dingell Engel Espaillat Garrett Gohmert Grijalva Gutie´rrez Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kuster (NH) Labrador Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Massie Matsui McClintock McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Pallone Pascrell Roybal-Allard Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Scott, David Serrano Shea-Porter Sires Speier Vargas Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman NOT VOTING—13 
Barletta Black Blum Collins (GA) Denham Duffy Ellison Emmer Graves (MO) Lewis (MN) McCarthy Polis Vela 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1644 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Messrs. GARRETT, and RUSH changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and CROWLEY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATIION  
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I missed votes due to an extraordinary circumstances. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 277 and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 278. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 6157, DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2019 Ms. GRANGER, from the Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–769) on the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, which was re-ferred to the Union Calendar and or-dered to be printed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING OPPORTUNITY ZONES IN NORTH CAROLINA’S FIFTH DISTRICT (Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the recently designated op-portunity zones in North Carolina’s Fifth District. Last month, the U.S. Treasury approved 22 opportunity zones in North Carolina’s Fifth District as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Referring to areas with untapped eco-nomic potential, The New York Times called the provision ‘‘the first new sub-stantial Federal attempt to aid those communities in more than a decade.’’ With new incentives for long-term capital investment, opportunity zones allow State and local governments to facilitate increased economic develop-ment in rural and suburban areas often overlooked for new investments as companies are drawn to thriving met-ropolitan areas. Thanks to the tax cuts and regu-latory relief delivered by this united Republican government, the American economy is booming, and opportunity zones will spread that prosperity to communities in need of new capital to create wealth and grow. f 
ZTE POSES A THREAT TO OUR SECURITY (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, ZTE, the Chinese telecom corporation, poses a clear threat to our security. The Pen-tagon has banned the sale of ZTE de-vices on U.S. bases, saying they ‘‘may pose an unacceptable risk to the De-partment’s personnel, information, and mission.’’ Similarly, there is no dispute that ZTE violated sanctions designed to pressure Iran and North Korea. In April, the Department of Commerce in-stituted appropriate penalties. Now, for transparently political rea-sons, President Trump has reversed those penalties, giving ZTE a new lease on life. As elected officials, one of our most basic responsibilities is to keep Ameri-cans safe. In granting ZTE an undeserved reprieve, the President did just the opposite. The failure is dan-gerous and unacceptable. Last week, the Senate approved a bi-partisan NDAA amendment to restore the penalties President Trump re-voked. I am pleased by their success, and I will strongly support efforts to maintain that language in the coming NDAA conference. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do the same. Politics needs to stop at the water’s edge. Congress can and must do what the President will not. 
f 
PAKISTAN IS NO ALLY OF THE USA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, yes-terday, Lieutenant General Austin Mil-ler, the nominee to lead our forces in Afghanistan, testified before the Sen-ate that the biggest obstacle to success in Afghanistan is Pakistan. He echoes the same frustrations the President expressed earlier this year and what others in this Chamber, in-cluding myself, have said for years, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.030 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5348 June 20, 2018 
that Pakistan is providing safe havens for terrorists and playing both sides. Terrorist leaders even arrogantly make public appearances in Pakistan, with the knowledge of the government. When we take action against terror-ists in Pakistan, Pakistan officials typically condemn us, rather than take steps to improve counterterrorism ef-forts. President Trump and the incoming commander for U.S. forces in Afghani-stan hold a realistic view of Pakistan. Pakistan is the problem with success in Afghanistan. There should be no American money sent to Pakistan until they stop their treacherous ways. Otherwise, the 17- year-old war in Afghanistan may never end. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
STOP SEPARATING FAMILIES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, there are babies being ripped away from their parents at the southern border in the name of the American people. Make no mistake, this is part of an evil plot by the Trump administration, and it has to stop. What I want to know is how the Trump administration is keeping track of these children. My triplets didn’t carry identification around when they were little babies. That was my wife’s and my job, to be able to identify them and speak for them. We were with our kids, and we could identify them. If these babies don’t have identifica-tion, how will they be reunited with their parents? How will they be re-united with their families? The American people demand an-swers, Mr. Speaker. The American peo-ple demand an end to this evil, to this new GOP nonprofit, ‘‘Cage the Chil-dren.’’ 
f 
SIX MONTHS OF TAX REFORM (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to reflect on the past 6 months in this country. On December 20, 2017, Republicans in Congress passed the most historic tax reform in three decades, known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. That day will long be remembered as a time when American families and businesses were once again made a priority. As a small-business owner myself, I have spent my time in Congress fight-ing for tax cuts that would allow Main Street to breathe again. Small business optimism is at an all- time high across Texas’ 25th District. Employers are increasing their work-force and raising wages. Tax reform has created more than 1 million jobs, which has brought unem-ployment down to 3.8 percent. That is incredible. Mr. Speaker, all of this is great, but I want the American people to know that we are not done yet. Congress is not done yet. I am continuing to work to strengthen the economy and make tax cuts permanent. We will fight year after year to make America more competitive, keep our Tax Code simpler, flatter, and fairer. Business is simply good. In God we trust. f 
LGBT PRIDE MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize LGBT Pride Month, a time to celebrate the diversity of the LGBT community and honor the strength and courage of LGBT people throughout history. I was thrilled to attend the annual LGBT Pride Fest this past weekend in my home State of Rhode Island, a won-derful celebration that illustrated just how far we have come in the fight for equality. But the struggle isn’t over, Mr. Speaker, and it is more important than ever that we stay strong and vocal. We, as a society, cannot and should not ac-cept that LGBT people face discrimina-tion in this country every day, whether they are in a cake shop, the armed services, or in a school bathroom. That is why I am proud to cosponsor the Equality Act, which was intro-duced by my good friend and colleague from the Ocean State, Congressman D
AVID CICILLINE , and is cosponsored by 196 of my colleagues. Discrimination is never justified. Let’s celebrate our diversity and pro-mote a culture of tolerance and accept-ance, not only during Pride, but every day of the year. 
f 
EMERALD COAST WILDLIFE REFUGE (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the outstanding work of the leadership and volunteers at the Emerald Coast Wildlife Refuge in my district. The wildlife refuge services thousands of animals each year from Escambia, Santa Rosa, Walton, and Bay Counties. They provide services through rescue, rehab, and environ-mental outreach. Our community leaders and volun-teers have shown overwhelming sup-port for this incredible mission that in-cludes educational outreach so that young people can learn more about our environment and the fantastic critters that we share the planet with. I am so proud of the wildlife refuge’s accomplishments over the past decade, and I look forward to the future impact that they will have on their new home in the Navarre community and throughout the great northwest Flor-ida. f 
STOP THE BARBARIC TACTICS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, last night, Ohio was subjected to another Trump administration ICE worker raid involving rounding up 146 workers at meat processing plants in Salem, Can-ton, and Massillon, Ohio, making Ohio among the top States in the union where these workers have been poached. Again, Detroit-based ICE agents swooped into Ohio, fully armed, to round up dozens of workers who toil in one of the least attractive jobs in our Nation, cold, bloody, slippery, and, yes, dangerous, hard jobs in the meat proc-essing industry, jobs U.S. citizens don’t want. My message to President Trump: Stop the barbaric tactics. Stop break-ing up working families. If we don’t fix this system, these ag-ricultural jobs will be offshored, and we will be importing even more of our food. Let us set up a dependable system to regularize the hiring of workers. Heartland States like Ohio are capable of creating a level playing field for businesses and workers from our coun-try and abroad. To take the crime out of seeking em-ployment in the Americas requires amending NAFTA and CAFTA by up-dating those accords to address conti-nental employment standards. The President campaigned on reform-ing NAFTA. Well, Mr. President, we are making you an offer you shouldn’t refuse. Show our workers and our com-panies some respect. We will meet you at any time, at any place to broker a better deal for Ohio and heartland workers. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ). Members are re-minded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
f 
HONORING COACH SAM HARRELL (Mr. BARTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BARTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the new head football coach at Ennis High School, Coach Sam Harrell. Coach Sam Harrell was born in 1975 in Seminole, Texas. He went to high school in Brownwood, Texas, where he was valedictorian. He became, the first time, the high school coach at Ennis back in 1994. Over the next 15 or 16 years, he won three State champion-ships, went to the semifinals twice, was Texas High School Coach of the Year in 1999, became head of the Texas High School Coaches Association, and was in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.085 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5349 June 20, 2018 
the Texas High School Football Hall of Fame. But in 2005, he came down with mul-tiple sclerosis, which was not treatable by conventional therapy. He had to go out of the country for some stem cell treatments. Those were successful. He moved back to this country, continued to live in Ennis, Texas, and stayed ac-tive in the community. And about 2 weeks ago, the school board and school superintendent named him, again, to be the head football coach at Ennis High School. He is a very great coach, but he is also a greater man. He is very Chris-tian. He is good with the kids. He is just an absolute stellar individual. Congratulations to Coach Sam Har-rell, who is, once again, head football coach for the Ennis Lions, who have five State championships in their his-tory. 
f 
b1700 WE ARE FAILING TO LIVE UP TO OUR CORE VALUES (Mr. MOULTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, Amer-ica is keeping kids in cages. America is keeping kids in cages. Many people across our country have risen to say that this is not who we are. It doesn’t represent our values, our ideals, or our Constitution. But the sad reality is that today, this is who we are. You are an American. I am an American. It is fellow Ameri-cans who are ripping toddlers from their mothers and fathers and guarding them in steel cages. And in truth, we have done this be-fore. We herded American Indians into reservations. We turned our backs on Jews fleeing for their lives from the Holocaust. We ripped children from their parents when we sold them as slaves. But we all thought we had learned our lessons, moved past those hateful times. We have been on a march to grow into a country with the courage to live up to our values and serve as a beacon of hope for the world, not re-peat the darkest parts of our history. The families in these detention cen-ters aren’t fleeing to the U.S. to take our jobs, they are running for their lives. They are fleeing a world of rac-ism, ransom, murder, where their sons are being forced into violent gangs, and their daughters are being stolen on their way to school and prostituted as sex slaves. A nation that fails to learn the les-sons of history, that fails to live up to its core values, that can’t abide by the rights enshrined in its own Constitu-tion, is not strong, Mr. Speaker, it is weak. Today, we are stealing kids from their parents and we are weak. And although it is this administra-tion’s policy that is directly respon-sible for this disgusting practice, we are all guilty as fellow Americans so long as it goes on. Life, liberty and the pursuit of happi-ness. These are our core values. Let’s live up to them today. f 
MEMORIALIZING MARTIN MARTINEZ (Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to memorialize Martin Martinez and to draw attention to his story and his struggle. Martin lived for over 30 years here in the United States. He worked hard, paid taxes, learned English. He had two beautiful American children, one of them, Maria, worked for the people of the United States, the House of Rep-resentatives, and for me. Martin was a good American, but he was also an undocumented immigrant, and even though he was putting him-self at risk and he knew it, he and his wife self-reported to the government to declare their status. They followed every instruction they were given, and they stayed out of any kind of trouble, but they were still deported. Soon after the deportation, Martin paid the ultimate price and lost his life on February 27. Now, he had existing heart problems, but his daughter, Maria, will tell you, ‘‘This administration separated my family and my dad died of a broken heart.’’ Maria and her brother are now forced to grieve alone, for their mother was also deported and has been barred from reentering the United States for a dec-ade. Maria and the rest of the Martinez family are forced to suffer the real human cost of this administration’s policies. And it is stories like Martin’s that so clearly demonstrate the need for comprehensive immigration reform. Martin’s story is the story of mil-lions of immigrants. It is our story. And it is our responsibility to learn from it and to act. We can’t bring back Martin Martinez, but we can do some-thing to heal our country. 
f 
I AM STANDING FOR THE CHILDREN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, America is listening to the pain of so many of the Members, my colleagues, as we have experienced the devastation of watching families torn apart from their babies, their toddlers, their young children. I spent my Sunday and Monday, Fa-ther’s Day, looking at those who just simply wanted an opportunity, holding baby Roger in my hands, whose mother had died and whose sister was ripped away from him and prosecuted crimi-nally for entering the United States. Or baby Leah, who was 1 year old and was obviously fussy and had been in such a way that she was experiencing trauma. And yet, we now have this executive order that looks as if the President has done something that he could not have done a few hours ago, which is picking up the telephone and telling the people at the border to cease and desist. Those are good people who work there. They are only following orders. But this is a tragic executive order—it has no heart to it—because what it does is, yes, it keeps the families to-gether in a criminal posture and houses them in the same conditions, now on military bases, rather than allowing them to proceed through court pro-ceedings. In my southern district of Texas we have 50,000 cases in backlog because, as I go to the Budget Com-mittee, this administration refuses to give us more judges. Well, they are trying to open one of these places in my congressional dis-trict. And I want to congratulate Hous-ton, because Houston is standing for humanity; it is standing, as the Pope has said, because everyone deserves dignity. This executive order is not worth the paper it is written on because it could have been a phone call, not a demand that it is all of Congress’ fault. But I am standing for the children, and we are going to save them. f 
THE IMPORTANCE OF NATURAL GAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, the pur-pose of this House Energy and Com-merce Special Order is to talk about America’s energy dominance, espe-cially with natural gas. This conversation is very important today because the World Gas Con-ference happens in this town, Wash-ington, D.C., next week. What a dif-ference a decade makes. When I joined Texas Senator Phil Gramm’s office in 1998, one ugly word described American oil and natural gas. That word was peak. Experts, here and around the world, said America had peaked in our produc-tion of oil and natural gas. Every year, we would buy more oil and gas from foreign sources, and we had to buy oil from some companies that didn’t like us very much and hurt us by taking oil away. No one cared about a group called OPEC until they stopped the flow of oil that they had and that we needed. OPEC was led by Arab nations who were upset that we resupplied our best ally ever, Israel, when they were in-vaded by their neighbors. It happened 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.087 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5350 June 20, 2018 
in 1973. It happened again in 1979. Gas prices doubled overnight. In 1979, I had just gotten my driver’s license. My job was to take our family cars and fill them with gas that had gotten down to a quarter of a gallon in the tank. I got in line for 45 minutes or maybe as long as an hour. We could only purchase 20 gallons of gasoline. We could only buy that gasoline on days per your license plate. If the last number was odd, buy gas on an odd day. Even, even day. Heck, a guy on a lawn mower was be-hind me getting gas one day. That is how bad it was just one decade ago. But thanks to the American private sector and our ingenuity, hydraulic fracturing and directional drilling, America has a whole new world order for energy. We have global energy dominance, and that is what we are here to talk about today, that special happening right now in America. Right now, our country, America, is the number one producer of oil and gas in the entire world. Our natural gas in-creasingly powers our homes and our businesses, making our air cleaner and our economy stronger, especially on the Gulf Coast, where I am from. OPEC knows their days of control-ling the market and punishing people for bad actions they perceive are over. They have right now, as we speak, flooded the market with oil to try to keep prices low and stop America’s newfound energy dominance. They have tried and they have failed. We had more oil and gas than they had. We have that gas, and now we are letting the free market take over, and we have a lot more who can tap that in a moment’s notice. And this doesn’t just mean affordable power and gasoline at home. It also means American jobs. One study last year said over 800,000 jobs in the gas and oil industry came to our country for this renaissance. This renaissance, this dominance, has al-lowed us to export natural gas and oil for the first time since 1975. Over 40 years not on the market. We are going from basically zero ex-ports of natural gas to 10 billion cubic feet per day in exports. It wasn’t long ago we were building terminals to import natural gas, and now we are reversing them to export natural gas. That is what American en-ergy dominance looks like. And as we say in Texas, there is a new sheriff in the global natural gas market, and that sheriff’s name is Uncle Sam. And these huge exports of natural gas are helping America export liquid freedom to friends we want to help, and hurt those who use energy as a weapon to control other countries. For too long, a former KGB spy and Russia’s de facto dictator, Vladimir Putin, has controlled nations that es-caped the Iron Curtain when the Berlin Wall fell in 1991. Nations like Lith-uania, Estonia, Poland, and Ukraine were still beholden to what T
EDPOE calls the Napoleon of Siberia, Mr. Putin. If they did not do what Mr. Putin wanted, they lost all power. Summers were scorching; winters were bitter cold. Comply or punish. You are not free. America, right now, is taking these weapons away from Mr. Putin. Cheap natural gas takes away the hooks of tyranny. This is important even for countries that don’t buy our gas because our gas is making the market a true market with competition and lower prices. That market puts a lid on bad actors and what they can charge. But sadly, this explosion, this domi-nance, caught the previous administra-tion by surprise and we were way be-hind the curve in getting our natural gas on the global market. Good news: The Energy and Com-merce Committee stepped up in this Congress to make sure we get these ex-ports going and these projects approved quickly. b1715 We made sure they are safe, great for our environment, with minimal im-pacts, and we take all of the local con-cerns into account. But red tape and these silly delays hurt us. We have stopped that and have got a free mar-ket going in so many important ways. In this Congress, the 115th Congress, we are using this new opportunity to expand our Nation’s energy dominance with natural gas. This means, for the whole world, cheaper, cleaner power, the jobs that come with that, and it brings American jobs back home from overseas. Right now, America is exporting free-dom to friends and allies and taking away a monopoly from bad actors. Get ready, world. Uncle Sam is coming to your neighborhood, your hometown. I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Texas, the vice chairman of the Energy Sub-committee, who has just been a real leader on energy issues across the country and around the globe. Mr. Speaker, I just want to talk about the shale revolution and what it has really meant not only for jobs and growth in America, but energy world-wide. The shale revolution and the dra-matic increase in domestic oil and nat-ural production has really been re-markable. American innovation did this. Technological advancements did this. It transformed the United States from an importer of natural gas to a major exporter. The positive effects, the enormous ef-fects are being felt around the globe. OPEC and the established gas suppliers like Russia, they all bet against the United States. And guess what. They have lost. Now, as American energy exports reach world markets, they are losing their stranglehold on supply and prices. U.S. LNG exports are going to markets across Asia, North America, Europe, and, yes, to even some of our allies in the Middle East. The rise of the U.S. as a global en-ergy superpower means that energy markets are more open. They are more transparent and competitive than ever before. And we are creating great American jobs here. We really are. If you look at these regions where these finds have been discovered and now are being developed, people are getting good wages, good jobs. They are build-ing out, and it makes us stronger. President Trump didn’t want to say, ‘‘We want to be energy independent’’; he wanted to say, ‘‘America is going to be energy dominant.’’ And that is what we are becoming. That is a good thing. By the way, as we find this new nat-ural gas and we build out more gener-ating facilities, we are also reducing our carbon emissions. We are below the 1995 levels. I don’t think there is a country on the planet that has reduced emissions more than the United States during this period, so we are making progress there, too. The increase in LNG exports around the globe over the past 2 years will help us and is the result of continuing expansion in the U.S. LNG export ca-pacity. Two LNG projects, Sabine Pass in Louisiana and Cove Point in Mary-land, have been online since 2016. That has increased the U.S. LNG export to 3.6 billion—that is with a B—cubic feet per day. There are four more projects sched-uled to come online in the next couple of years: Elba Island LNG in Georgia and Cameron LNG in Louisiana in 2018, and Freeport LNG and Corpus Christi LNG in Texas in 2019. Once completed, U.S. LNG export capacity is expected to reach 9.6 billion cubic feet per day by the end of 2019. That is the end of next year. Meanwhile, in my home State of Or-egon, work continues on the Jordan Cove LNG export facility in Coos Bay. As export capacity continues to in-crease, the United States is projected to become the third largest LNG ex-porter in the world by 2020, following closely behind Australia and Qatar. As chairman of the Energy and Com-merce Committee, I have prioritized a progrowth, proconsumer, all-of-the- above, and, frankly, all-of-the-below approach to energy that includes a focus on natural gas. We have held a number of hearings. We have looked into the overall im-pacts of natural gas development, the enormous number of new jobs, good family wages, middle class jobs and economic growth, the increased use of natural gas for power generation, the reduction in carbon emissions, the need for new infrastructure, and the advan-tages for domestic manufacturing and global competitiveness. We have looked at all of that in the Energy and Commerce Committee, and my colleagues, many of whom you will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.089 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5351 June 20, 2018 
hear from tonight, Mr. Speaker, have really led on this. My colleague from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ) has really been a fine leader on the Energy Sub-committee. I encouraged our Members to work across the aisle. Growing American en-ergy and great-paying jobs should be a bipartisan effort. We need to improve the regulatory process so we can solve some of the challenges that may pre-vent us from reaching our full Amer-ican potential. This is our century. This is the American century, and we are seeing great progress. We cut taxes. We are growing a million jobs and have the lowest unemployment rate in decades. We have more job openings than people to fill them, and a lot of that has to do with energy. For example, members of the Energy and Commerce Committee have intro-duced and the House has passed legisla-tion that would modernize the permit-ting processes for interstate and cross- border natural gas pipelines and LNG export facilities. These bills all passed the House on a bipartisan basis, Repub-licans and Democrats getting together, getting things done. I am encouraged by the support they are receiving in the Senate, too. While these bills have not yet been signed into law, the Trump administra-tion is very receptive to our approach to improve coordination and permit re-views and dedicate a single Federal lead agency. Part of the swamp back here is there are so many people, so many agencies, and so many duplica-tive processes that have been accumu-lating for decades. And if you are the innovator who wants to do something new, if you want to grow jobs in your community, your State, your region, you have got to navigate this morass of red tape and regulation and permitting. About the time you think you have got it done, some other agency shows up, and then somebody else and then somebody else, and your enormous investment lan-guishes out there for years and years and years. We can do better than that. You can maintain all of the important environ-mental law, but if we have a lead agen-cy, we can find some efficiency. I think the vice chairman would agree that we might be able to find ef-ficiency in the Federal Government. I think it is possible. And I think with the lead agency, we can. This one-agency, one-decision proc-ess is now being rolled out because of the Trump administration, with a goal to cut down permitting time to 2 years or less. I think you can probably do it faster than that, but, hey, we will take 2 years or less. That is a big win. Our energy security is stronger today than at any point in America’s history, due in large part to natural gas. Nat-ural gas has contributed to jobs and economic development both here in America, here at home, and it is im-proving the efficiency of our power generation fleet. It is increasing the competitiveness of our manufacturers who use it as both a fuel and a feed-stock. It is strengthening our hand dip-lomatically, and it is creating jobs, jobs, jobs, good-paying jobs. It is a win- win across the board. And so I appreciate the vice chair-man’s leadership on this special time for us to come to the House floor and share the great progress of the Energy and Commerce Committee and the country, the bipartisan work we are doing, and the great innovative future that lies before us. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman W
ALDEN for his comments to remind the American people and the entire world that this American domi-nance of natural gas has made Amer-ica’s air cleaner for global emissions. As the chairman knows, America has reduced gas emissions 11 percent in the last decade. I told that to people in India this past March and they were stunned. How did you guys do that? Our air is so dirty? What should we do? It is simple: Buy American liquified natural gas. And they are doing that right now. The next speaker is a good friend from Ohio, a man who Mr. Putin fears because he has control of what is called the Utica shale play in Ohio. A man from India, Prime Minister Modi from India, loves B
ILLJOHNSON  from the great State of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and col-league, Representative P
ETEOLSON , for partnering with me to colead this Spe-cial Order tonight on the benefits of natural gas and liquified natural gas exports, especially as the United States prepares to hold the World Gas Con-ference next week. I am honored to share this floor time with Mr. O
LSON to talk about this very important topic, and I also want to thank many of my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee for participating in this Special Order to-night to talk about this important topic. I represent rural eastern and south-eastern Ohio, which is no stranger to the benefits of natural gas. My district sits on top of, as Representative O
LSON  just mentioned, the Utica and the Marcellus shale plays, which have led to a growing interest in new and excit-ing manufacturing opportunities like ethane cracker plants and ethane stor-age opportunities. In fact, one recent report led by Shale Crescent USA and IHS Markit forecasts that this region will supply 37 percent of the Nation’s natural gas pro-duction by 2040. This same report fore-casts that natural gas liquid produc-tion from these two plays will increase from 0.53 million barrels per day in 2017 to 1.37 million barrels per day in 2040, an increase of over 150 percent. Other studies predict that the region has suf-ficient ethane feedstock to support up to five ethane cracker plants. These opportunities are huge. These are massive construction projects, put-ting upwards of 10,000 construction workers to work over a 6-year period, with upwards of 1,000 permanent em-ployees once those plants go oper-ational. Additionally, ethylene projects with-in the region will have a comparative advantage because of the access to ample supplies of locally produced, low-cost ethane and because of the fact that the region is in close proximity to over two-thirds of U.S. polyethylene consumption. And that is only half the story. The economic and geopolitical bene-fits of exporting our excess gas are equally exciting as these benefits are helping to encourage oil and gas activ-ity throughout Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. As you will hear from multiple col-leagues tonight, the U.S. is now the world’s leading producer of oil and nat-ural gas, and we are projected to be-come a net energy exporter by 2026. Natural gas production is at an all- time high, and reserves are so large that they are predicted to meet domes-tic demand for almost a century. Ohio alone reached new heights in October of 2017 as natural gas produc-tion reached 5.5 billion cubic feet per day. Simply put, we must do every-thing we can to take complete advan-tage of this abundance, and that in-cludes LNG exports. However, the window of opportunity for American LNG exports will not re-main open indefinitely. The U.S. is in fierce competition with other LNG-ex-porting nations, and if America misses our opportunity to get into these inter-national markets in a big way, our share of the global gas market could be greatly reduced. Subsequently, oppor-tunities to support our national secu-rity and strengthen the energy secu-rity of our allies through American LNG will diminish as well. So we must continue to elevate and promote the United States as a reliable source of natural gas onto the world market, which will diversify our friends’ and allies’ energy sources, greatly reduce their vulnerability to a single monopolistic supplier, and change the conversation at the table with the likes of Russia’s Vladimir Putin. Additionally, studies have found that LNG exports support thousands of American jobs, many of them within manufacturing. ICF International, Inc., estimates that these jobs will occur across the entire value chain, trans-lating into millions of dollars in new wages for American workers. In fact, the Department of Energy once again highlighted the benefits of LNG exports with a study it released just this past week. This study, which is in addition to four other studies commissioned by DOE since 2012, pre-sented data that demonstrates just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.090 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5352 June 20, 2018 
how LNG exports are a net benefit to our economy. Additionally, these exports increase our GDP. They lower the trade deficit. And it is for those reasons, these rea-sons, that I have led the effort to en-sure the U.S. does all it can to take ad-vantage of our ability to export nat-ural gas. Most recently, the Energy and Com-merce Committee passed H.R. 4606, the Ensuring Small Scale LNG Certainty and Access Act, out of committee in a bipartisan fashion. I was proud to au-thor this bill, which seeks to codify the Department of Energy’s recent efforts to encourage exports of small volumes of natural gas. There is a significant interest in po-tential for U.S. natural gas in the Car-ibbean, Central America, and South America, although not in the quan-tities that the current large-scale do-mestic exporting facilities were built to address via conventional liquefied natural gas tankers. H.R. 4606 will help the U.S. to act on these interests through greater regulatory certainty and a reduction in administrative regu-latory burdens. b1730 Now, when I first came to Congress in 2011, I worked hard to advance the idea that energy independence and se-curity are the next great frontiers for America. Today, energy independence and se-curity have been replaced by a new concept. Mr. Speaker, you have heard Representative O
LSON mention it, and you have heard Chairman W
ALDEN  mention it. It is called energy domi-nance; and with it, all the global eco-nomic and geopolitical implications that come with being the king of the energy hill. Such an energy vision that harnesses America’s innovative exceptionalism will lead to new discoveries and tech-nologies around domestic energy pro-duction, storage, distribution, and usage; and will lead us to greater eco-nomic prosperity and job growth. I am excited to help further that vi-sion which includes natural gas and LNG exports. I am excited for all the great opportunities that lie ahead for our country, and I appreciate the op-portunity to speak on those benefits tonight. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Ohio. I also thank my dear friend for reminding me that Utica is the Marcellus in your district. It also reminded me over and over of the bene-fits the gentleman has had in Ohio. Rough parts in the country had some bad years, some down times. We have something that Texas called the Eagle Ford shale play that goes down from basically San Antonio to Laredo, a rough part of Texas, not very much growth there. When Zavala happened back home—I was down there about 3 years ago—a man got his first royalty check. He was thrilled. He goes to his bank to deposit, in his Sunday best suit, and says to the guy there: Put this in my account. His banker said: Great, I got it. He puts it in his account. He comes back and says: Okay, that is 100,000— whoa, whoa, whoa—100,000? I thought it was 1,000. His mind could not see the zeros, the periods, and the commas. We changed his world with American ingenuity. The next person up is the former leader of this committee, the chair-man, a proud Texas Aggie, and the sin-gle most strongest force to get the crude export ban lifted that was in-stalled in 1975, Chairman JOEBARTON  from Ennis, Texas. Mr. BARTON. I thank Congressman O
LSON for his leadership as vice chair-man of the subcommittee and a tireless leader on behalf of energy in this coun-try. Also, I want to thank Congressman J
OHNSON for his strong efforts and also compliment him on his playing in last week’s Congressional Baseball Game. Congressman D
UNCAN was also on the team and played well as shortstop. Oil was discovered in Pennsylvania back in the mid-1800s. As the oil indus-try began to develop, they more and more would run into what we would today call associated gas. Every now and then while drilling for oil they would hit a well that didn’t have any oil, but all it had was what today we call natural gas. They didn’t know what to do with it. They used the oil to make kerosene, lu-bricants, and home heating oil and things like that, but they didn’t have a real purpose for natural gas. So they would just flare it, just literally in the field, light a match, put a flare pipe up and flare it. As time went on, they dis-covered that it had a fairly high Btu energy content, and they discovered a way to contain it, to store it, and to transport it through pipelines. Because it was a gas, it was not a liquid in its natural state, so while it was not as valuable as oil, it had enough value that it was worth looking for and worth keeping. You rock along and you rock along, and in the 1950s and 1960s, we began to set price controls on natural gas in interstate commerce. The Federal Gov-ernment would regulate the price and as a consequence people stopped look-ing for it, because it wasn’t economic to find it unless you could find a well that you could sell in intrastate com-merce, within the State. When I ran for Congress in 1984, I ran on the platform of repealing what was called the Natural Gas Price Act of 1978 where Congress had set a price control on interstate natural gas in some cases as low as 2 cents per 1,000 cubic feet. Gas in the intrastate market, deep gas, was selling as high as $15 per 1,000 cubic feet. There is a big difference be-tween $15 and 2 cents. One of my first accomplishments in Congress under President George Her-bert Bush, the first President Bush, was to see the NGPA repealed. The Natural Gas Policy Act of 1978 was re-pealed, and it was my amendment that did that. So I was very proud of that. Rock along a few more years, and in 2005, I was chairman of the Agriculture Committee, and we were doing a major energy bill, the Natural Gas Policy Act of 2005. We did a lot of things in that bill. We felt at that time that there was going to be a shortage of natural gas in this country. Some of the States, States like Massachusetts, California, and New York, were trying to prohibit import terminals for nat-ural gas, for liquefied natural gas, LNG, being built. The States would not give the permits. So in the infinite wisdom of the Con-gress, we passed, as a part of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005, a section, an amendment to the bill, that gave ulti-mate decisionmaking authority to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion, or FERC. Because we thought we were going to need to build these im-port terminals to import natural gas and the States were going to try to thwart it, we required a consultation with the States. The States had to be involved in the process, but the ulti-mate decision would be made by the Federal Government under the aus-pices of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. A funny thing happened, Mr. Speak-er. Some oil producers and gas pro-ducers down in Texas—one of them was a Texas Aggie, a guy named George Mitchell—decided that you had all these shale formations, and there were hydrocarbons in them, but they were like rock. Literally, if you look at a core sample of some of these shale for-mations, which you all had mentioned today in this Special Order, it is just like solid—it is solid rock. George Mitchell and others decided, by golly, we can get natural gas out of that if we fracture the rock under pres-sure and create tiny little cracks where natural gas can escape from. Come to find out it worked. Then they also de-cided: Do you know what? Instead of drilling the classic vertical well, what if we bent the drill bit at a 90-degree angle and drilled horizontally? Son of a gun if that didn’t work too. So the combination of hydraulic frac-turing with horizontal drilling made all of these shale formations economic, and the result was an absolute bonanza of natural gas available at economi-cally recoverable prices in the United States of America. Congressman J
OHNSON has mentioned some of the formations up in his part of the country, the Marcellus and the Utica. Of course, Mr. O
LSON talked about the Eagle Ford shale down in Texas, the Barnett shale in my part of Texas. All over this country—Pennsyl-vania, even in New York, California, Colorado, Texas, New Mexico, Lou-isiana, Arkansas, Ohio, and Kansas— there are shale formations—literally almost everywhere in the United States—and in most of those shale for-mations, it is economically recoverable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.092 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5353 June 20, 2018 
to drill for natural gas—and in some cases for oil also—but tonight we are talking about natural gas. Funny things happened. We didn’t need to import natural gas. We had so much of it, we could export it. We used that provision we put in the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to begin to license, not import terminals but export termi-nals. Congressman O
LSON , Congress-man J
OHNSON , and Chairman W ALDEN  have talked—and I am sure Mr. B
UCSHON and Mr. D UNCAN will talk later—about the economic con-sequences of that. We are exporting or going to export about 2 billion cubic feet a day this year of liquified natural gas. We are going to quadruple that in the next few years. If you look at the eco-nomic value of that, if you assume that you are selling it overseas about $4 per 1,000 cubic feet, this year we will ex-port three-quarters of a trillion dol-lars—a trillion dollars is a thousand billion. And not in the near future, we are going to be exporting several tril-lion dollars worth of natural gas every year, hundreds of thousands of jobs, just an economic—I don’t know what you would call it—a bonanza. It is not a windfall because it is not luck. It is hard work. It is American ingenuity and American technology. It is revolu-tionizing the energy markets. As has been pointed out, we are also beginning to export oil as a con-sequence of the ban being repealed for crude oil exports. That is a story for another Special Order. The future for natural gas in this country as a source of fuel is unlim-ited. The economic benefits are obvi-ous, but there is another benefit, and it is the ability to export freedom. When we export our natural gas, in many cases we are exchanging the source of the supply from a totalitarian—not quite totalitarian, but certainly not a totally democratic country like Rus-sia—with a free country like the United States. Now, it has been mentioned that Qatar, Algeria, and Saudi Arabia are also large exporters of natural gas, and they are allies of the United States, friends of the United States. But they don’t have, as of yet, the purely demo-cratic institutions, the totally free markets, and the free market capital-istic system that we have here. So when we send our natural gas overseas, we are also sending to the countries that use it, economic, and in some cases, political freedom. They cannot be held hostage to sources of supply that don’t have the same demo-cratic values that we do. So, as Congressman J
OHNSON pointed out earlier, the World Natural Gas Con-ference is here in Washington next week. A number of us will participate in that conference. It is really a tribute to the natural gas industry in the United States that they have used the American innovative spirit and Amer-ican technology to create a product which brings benefits economically not only here but overseas, and it really helps, in my opinion, put freedom in the driver’s seat. So this is a great Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman OLSON for leading it and the other members of the Energy and Com-merce Committee for participating. I am proud to be a part of this group. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Texas. I want to thank my dear friend for also saying the name of George Mitchell. As you know, George Mitchell revolutionized our energy with hydraulic fracturing, directional drilling of the Barnett shale play by Fort Worth. It took Mr. Mitchell 35 or 36 wells to drill before the first one came back viable. b1745 That money was private sector money, not money from D.C. The pri-vate sector made this revolution pos-sible. I thank the gentleman for re-minding us about what happened. By the way, people think the gentle-man’s car may be there, the Corvette convertible, in the background. It looks like a 1959, maybe a 1963. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), a good friend and also a doctor Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. O
LSON and Mr. J OHNSON for hosting this Special Order. Manufacturing is a key industry that helps drive Indiana’s strong economy. According to the National Association of Manufacturers, Indiana manufactur-ers exported $33.78 billion in goods and employed 16.8 percent of the Hoosier workforce in 2016. Much of the credit for such a strong manufacturing pres-ence in Indiana is its relationship with natural gas. In 2016, a comprehensive study was released detailing the positive effects that domestic natural gas brought to communities across the Nation. The study prepared by the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers provides ex-amples of how natural gas is increasing the industrial strength and worldwide competitiveness of American compa-nies. Among the findings, the study said that the natural gas industry has added nearly 1.9 million total jobs to the economy and saved working American families an average of $1,300 in dispos-able income in a single year through the production and use of shale gas. According to the study, the U.S. sup-ply of natural gas is projected to in-crease by 48 percent throughout the course of the next decade, resulting from the growing demand for this en-ergy source. During periods of high commodity prices, companies that rely on a high volume of natural gas to manufacture products can find it difficult to main-tain a competitive advantage in an in-creasingly global market. However, an abundant supply of domestic natural gas has led to a reduction in natural gas prices. In turn, this increased af-fordability is allowing these companies to increase their manufacturing out-put. Further, the transportation of nat-ural gas through an expanding national pipeline network means that this clean-burning natural resource is also becoming more accessible for American companies and presents a growing number of manufacturing opportuni-ties. Through the increased production of domestic shale gas alone, more than a million American jobs were created to help meet the demand for the energy source. Additionally, the need for the manu-facturing of new natural gas trans-mission pipelines across the Nation added several hundred thousand jobs on top of that. This surge in new jobs, coupled with the monetary profits gained from additional natural gas pro-duction, has led to a GDP hike of $190 billion. Ultimately, this translates into more disposable income in the pockets of hardworking Americans. Finally, the use of natural gas, both as a fuel source and a raw material, has resulted in environmental benefits as well, and we should not lose sight of that. With the International World Gas Conference just 1 week away, I am proud of the continued growth and suc-cess of our domestic natural gas indus-try, which is helping to power this country’s economic and manufacturing growth. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHN-
SON), my cohost, to follow up the com-ments of Dr. B
UCSHON as we transition to going overseas. Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Texas mentioned it; Chairman W
ALDEN mentioned it; Mr. B
ARTON mentioned it. We should be celebrating, and that is what we are doing here tonight. All America should be celebrating the good fortune that we have to be blessed with such an abun-dance of natural gas. In my home State of Ohio, and many other areas in the Midwest and Appa-lachia, the production of natural gas and its valuable liquid byproducts is providing a much-needed boost to our local economies. Let me give you some figures. From 2011 to the end of May 2018, we had drops in unemployment in the counties that comprise my 18-county district by more than 48 percent. Some of those counties, especially the ones that have the heavy shale plays, have seen drops of unemployment upward of 60 percent. It is unbelievable. In addition to the direct benefits, the natural gas industry also supports hun-dreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs across the country and supplies our industries with a reliable and af-fordable source of domestic energy. Next week, as thousands of visitors and dignitaries from around the world arrive here in D.C. to attend the World Gas Conference, we should reflect on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.094 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5354 June 20, 2018 
our country’s energy dominance—you have heard that term several times— and how that affects our standing on the world stage. According to the Energy Information Administration, the United States has remained the world’s top producer of natural gas ever since 2009, when we surpassed Russia in production levels. Additionally, last year, we set a record in natural gas production, with gross withdrawals reaching almost 91 billion cubic feet per day. I am telling you, Mr. Speaker, this is a big deal for America. It is charting the way for a new future of energy dominance and leverage not only in the economic energy markets, but also on the international stage. So there are a lot of reasons to be op-timistic about where America is going on the energy front because of natural gas. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, may I in-quire how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 15 minutes re-maining. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ), from the home of Wil-liam Barret Travis, the commander of the Alamo. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for holding this Special Order and for rec-ognizing South Carolina’s role in help-ing the Republic of Texas. You heard the words from the gen-tleman from Ohio about the economic impact on his State, and on America, with America’s energy independence and the renaissance that we are experi-encing. In a tax reform committee hearing today, Chairman W
ALDEN talked about the economic benefits of tax reform on the energy sector, but also on America. We are blessed in this country with natural resources. We have an abun-dance of natural gas. What does an abundance of natural gas mean? That means that, last year, for the first time since 1957, we are an exporter of natural gas. Now what does that mean not only for American producers that are pro-viding the natural gas and the LNG terminals that are being built along the coastal regions in Houston and Louisiana—and, hopefully, one day in South Carolina, we will have an LNG terminal to help us play a part in that—but what does that mean for our allies and friends around the world? Well, just think about it. Mexico is a huge importer of U.S. LNG. Not only are they importing nat-ural gas through a pipeline from the plays down in Eagle Ford and Barnett in Texas, but they are also importing LNG. We all know the situation in Ven-ezuela. Venezuela is imploding. So many countries in South America, Latin America, are relying on Ven-ezuelan energy. The Caribbean nations are relying on Venezuelan energy. South American countries are relying on that. If we can provide, through LNG ex-ports, sustainable, reliable energy sources for the Caribbean nations, that is a game changer for them, the Pan-ama Canal being a distribution hub for U.S. LNG to be distributed all through Latin America. I was in Spain recently and talked with the Spanish folks. They want to be the LNG importer of American LNG so they can distribute across Western Europe so that Western Europe can be less reliant on Russian gas. Europe is reliant on Russian gas, and Russia definitely has used the spigot for energy sources as a political tool against Europe. In fact, the Lithuanian President recently said this: ‘‘U.S. gas imports to Lithuania and other Euro-pean countries is a game changer in the European gas market. This is an opportunity for Europe to end its ad-diction to Russian gas and ensure a se-cure, competitive, and diversified sup-ply.’’ American LNG exported to our friends and allies around the world is a game changer for the geopolitics of en-ergy. We can provide abundant natural gas that we have produced in this coun-try to folks around the world and less-en their dependence on less reliable sources. American businesses will ben-efit from that, and our neighbors and friends will benefit from that. That is why it is so important. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for holding this Special Order tonight and for allowing me to speak about something I am very passionate about and that is using the abundant re-sources we have in this country to change lives around the globe. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, since I have known the gentleman, he has been a champion for American energy independence. Drill, baby, drill. Frack, baby, frack. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), the chair-man of the Environment Sub-committee. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, it is great to be here tonight to talk about something that we have talked about quite a bit. I am glad to see the gen-tleman has, obviously, the LNG ter-minal and the Lithuanian-flagged Inde-pendence. I also brought it down. I don’t have to be as complete in my comments, because I have heard the comments of easing and helping Euro-peans be independent of imported Rus-sian natural gas. Lithuania is on the Baltic Sea. I am the chairman of the Baltic Caucus. We have Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia. I have spent a lot of time watching them and encouraging them in their actual leadership of Eastern Europe. They set out in 2014 to become independent of Russian gas. So they went through the process of getting the LNG terminal. I love the name. It is called the Inde-pendence so they can be independent and free. They have a history of being extorted by the Russians in the crude oil department. There is a refinery there called Mazeikiu Nafta, which a U.S. company bought and then the Russians turned off the oil. So those are the extortions and the concerns. Now what they have is the ability to compete in the open market. They had their first LNG gas come from the United States earlier in 2017. They now have an ability to negotiate for the best price, which helps a lot. First of all, it helps their citizens. It helps, obviously, their businesses. It also helps the allies in surrounding countries. What they have now been able to do is negotiate through the Bal-tic region of pipelines and storage, and we have had talks, as you know, on smaller export LNG vessels to be able to get to smaller communities. We are a party of all-of-the-above technology. We believe in having the energy resources compete for lower prices. I am glad the gentleman from Texas came down here and is expound-ing the virtues of freedom it has pro-vided for the Baltic countries, and I look forward to continuing shipping U.S. liquefied natural gas, which helps our balance of trades and creates jobs in America, to our allies and friends around the globe. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this was not coordinated. We came together with pictures of the Independence. But my friend knows this better than I do. How many people turn out—those are ordinary people—to watch a tanker come into port? Why are they coming out to watch that tanker? It is because they know that tanker is their freedom from Mr. Putin and Russia. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GAETZ ). The gentleman from Texas has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IP-
TON). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. This is really about creating jobs on American soil, creating opportunities, literally, for our families to be able to have better prospects for the future. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to be able to talk about, not only America, but the world’s energy future. In my dis-trict of Colorado, we benefit from vast energy resources. In 2016, we learned that one of these resources, natural gas, has even greater potential than initially thought. b1800 The U.S. Geological Survey an-nounced that the Mancos shale forma-tion in Piceance Basin had the poten-tial to be the second largest natural gas deposit in the United States. The abundance of natural gas in western Colorado puts us in the unique position to be able to create jobs here at home and also to supply American allies with reliable sources of energy well into the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.095 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5355 June 20, 2018 
For too long, our Nation’s adver-saries have supplied America’s allies with energy resources. We cannot let countries like Russia lead in the global energy market when the U.S. has the resources to be able to supply countries in Europe and Asia with affordable and reliable energy. Last year I called on the administra-tion to examine a project that would allow for the U.S. to send LNG to Asian markets. The proposed Pacific Con-nector Gas Pipeline would transfer the natural gas from Piceance Basin in western Colorado to the Jordan Cove terminal in Coos Bay, Oregon. The Jordan Cove terminal is esti-mated to have the capacity to be able to transport 7.8 million metric tons of LNG annually to the Pacific Northwest and Asia. Unfortunately, under the pre-vious administration, the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission denied the application for the Jordan Cove project, citing a lack of global demand. Not long after the application was de-nied, Jordan Cove procured an agree-ment for 75 percent of the pipeline’s ca-pacity, proving that there is demand for U.S. LNG in Asia. It is my hope that FERC will soon approve the resubmitted application for the Jordan Cove project and we can bring good-paying jobs to western Colo-rado and send clean, affordable, and re-liable energy to Asia. As the U.S. works to advance tech-nologies that decrease the environ-mental footprint of energy production, it cannot be ignored that countries like China and India continue to be some of the world’s top polluters. We can re-sponsibly develop U.S. natural gas re-sources to be able to benefit commu-nities across our Nation and by trans-porting our energy resources to coun-tries around the globe. The United States can have a measurable impact on the economies and environmental health of communities overseas. The United States cannot sit back and let other countries lead the world into the energy future. The time for re-sponsible development of natural gas is now and to be able to create jobs here at home. Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for his comments. The gentleman is always welcome here. I thank my friend for pointing out the fact that, we think oil and gas in America, we think the coasts: the Gulf Coast, Pacific Coast, Atlantic Coast. But my friend enlightened us. It is not just the coasts. It is the heart and soul of America, the interior, States like Colorado, Wyoming, North Da-kota. All these States have shale plays. All these States are booming now with American energy production. I would like to close with a couple comments and maybe take a tour of the world as it stands today. We started exporting our natural gas less than 2 years ago. Right now, 29 countries have received American liquified natural gas. Those countries are Argentina, the Bahamas, Barbados, Brazil, Chile, China, the Dominican Re-public, Egypt, India, Italy, Japan, Jor-dan, Kuwait, Lithuania, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Pakistan, Panama, Po-land, Portugal, Russia, South Korea, Spain, Taiwan, Thailand, Turkey, UAE, and the UK. American energy has touched the en-tire world. They are feeling our domi-nance in a very healthy and great way. We are giving them their freedom. Liq-uid American freedom is on the market right now. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to my Republican friends for pointing out the advantages of natural gas. I might add that we had, in the last Congress, a hearing about what was the world’s largest solar plant. This wasn’t a plant that had solar panels. It had thousands of mirrors pointing to three different towers that would superheat the water, which would turn to steam and would drive turbines to produce electricity. I have one article here. This was from February 2014. It talked about the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating Sys-tem, sprawling across roughly 5 square miles of Federal land; that is Mojave Desert area near the California-Nevada border. It had opened, and it was glori-fied. There was $1.6 billion in Federal loans, $600-some-odd million in grants to help them make their payments. Years later they paid 7 million—well, 2 years ago, they had paid back, I think they said, $7 million of the $2.2 billion. Anyway, this article was about the world’s largest solar plant scorching birds in the Nevada desert. From testi-mony we heard, apparently this solar plant, as birds would fly through the superheated sunlight, it would cause them to explode in flames, which is why the locals called them flamers. Originally, they were not expecting to have to spend a lot of money clean-ing mirrors with water. They thought it would just be dust. They didn’t an-ticipate all the flaming bird debris— some of them endangered species, I am quite sure. In a period of February through June, there were 290 of those flamers that exploded in flames and scattered their bird debris. Anyway, that was the solar side of it. Since they had a contract to provide all this electricity and they had used up their $2.2 billion, what do you do when you don’t have $2.2 billion and the ability to burn up endangered spe-cies and you don’t have that kind of government grant? Well, you take just a little bit of money and you do what they did: you use natural gas—very en-vironmentally friendly. You can create a natural gas elec-trical plant very, very cheaply and make up for what the fire, the flaming birds, and all the other things did to slow down this great solar-powered plant. So there is a lot to be said for natural gas. We did have a hearing yesterday, and one of the things I did not get to point out that I had highlighted but just didn’t have enough time to ask the in-spector general about, since his conclu-sion was, even though there were hun-dreds of pages that clearly reflected not just bias, but angry, hateful ani-mus against Donald Trump, Repub-licans—but certainly Donald Trump— the IG, it seemed very clear to me, with hundreds of pages documenting the overwhelming bias among those who were supposed to be fair and im-partial, figuratively depicting justice being blind, well, it was as if IG Horo-witz decided: Well, we have got all this overwhelming bias, so that will make the Republicans happy. But I have got so many Democratic friends, I don’t want to get them permanently upset with me, so I will just conclude that there is no evidence that bias affected the investigation at all. Yet, in his own report, IG Horowitz said, and this is in the executive sum-mary, page 9: ‘‘Most of the text mes-sages raising such questions pertained to the Russia investigation, and the implication in some of these text mes-sages, particularly Strzok’s August 8 text message (’we’ll stop’ Candidate Trump from being elected) was that Strzok might be willing to take official action to impact a Presidential can-didate’s electoral prospects. Under these circumstances, we did not have confidence that Strzok’s decision to prioritize the Russia investigation over following up on the Midyear’’—the Hil-lary Clinton—‘‘related investigative lead discovered on the Weiner laptop was free from bias.’’ Boy, is that an understatement. Here it is established beyond any reasonable doubt Strzok not only hated Trump, was trying to impress his mistress, but clearly, things he did showed their bias; and it is IG Horowitz’s own words that it was Strzok’s decision, heading up this investigation into Hillary Clin-ton’s emails. Here they had tens or hundreds of thousands of emails that were found on the Anthony Weiner laptop, and it was Strzok’s decision. He had the authority to decide, and he did decide: We are not going to real-ly investigate that. We are not going to make that a priority. We are going to push that aside and, instead, go after this so-called Russia investigation in-volving Trump. That, even standing alone, is over-whelming evidence of bias that affected the investigation. I know Mr. Horowitz apparently was just trying to keep from making all of his Democratic friends mad, so he threw them this lit-tle gift: Clearly, there was all kinds of bias, but I will say in my conclusions that I couldn’t find that bias affected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.097 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5356 June 20, 2018 
the investigation where clearly it did. He said it in his own words it was Strzok’s decision, and he decided not to follow up on that. In fact, with all of my friends across the aisle who continue to repeat the mantra that Comey’s October press conference cost Hillary Clinton the election, despite the evidence that she was not a good candidate, she didn’t do what was needed to honestly and open-ly win an election, when it came to these emails that needed to be inves-tigated, it sounds a whole lot more like what happened was that even Comey calling that October press conference was a cover for Hillary Clinton, be-cause the alternative—kept hearing from sources, I believe, that there were FBI agents who had found all these emails of Hillary Clinton’s that were supposed to be gone. They didn’t have them. They were destroyed. They were unavailable because she had obstructed justice. She had obstructed justice by destroying evidence. They thought all these emails were gone, and all of a sudden FBI agents are in possession of these massive num-ber of Clinton emails. And so Comey sat on them. If Comey had not called that press conference, then it appears what was likely going to happen, you were either going to have FBI agents who learned from Comey how you go about leak-ing—and we saw the information from IG Horowitz that apparently there were agents at the top who were quite good at leaking information, even get-ting tickets and different things in re-turn for their leaking, that those agents would have leaked that infor-mation. And when it came out that they knew they had found all these missing Clinton emails and Comey was sitting on it, he was obstructing justice, then that would have doomed the Clinton campaign. She would have lost by a whole lot bigger once it came out that Comey was blocking, obstructing, not allowing them to investigate these newfound—well, they had been found for a month. They were sitting on them. We found out at the hearing yester-day that, actually, Rosenstein made the decision not to allow Congress to have those for the last month. Who knows how long he may have known about them. He really does need to be fired. He needs to go. Clearly, he has obstructed Congress’ investigation. The question is how much obstruction of justice did Rosenstein do back in 2016. We don’t know. But we do know there was ob-struction. Apparently, according to Horowitz, it was Strzok who had the authority to decide are we going to dig into these newly found or month-long found emails from Hillary Clinton or are we just going to set those aside because they might hurt Hillary Clinton’s elec-tion and, instead, go after this Russia investigation—totally bogus—based on purchases by the Clinton campaign. b1815 And Strzok—his decision—he de-cided, I am not going to pursue this evidence that actually blows Hillary Clinton’s claims out of the water. In-stead, we are going to pursue Trump. That is one overwhelming piece of evidence where the bias affected the in-vestigation. It could have blown the campaign out of the water where it wouldn’t have even been close. But rather than Comey allowing it to leak out, there were also rumors—and, like I say, I had good sources and oth-ers had good sources and indications that we might even have one or more FBI agents resign over Comey and Strzok obstructing the Clinton email being investigated. If FBI agents had either resigned and had a press con-ference and disclosed how Strzok and Comey were obstructing justice and preventing the investigation into Hil-lary’s emails that had been in their possession for a month, that would have devastated the Clinton campaign far worse. So Comey, not wanting to hurt the Clinton campaign, preferring to hurt Trump, called a press conference. As I said in some interview back in October when I was asked about whether or not this was a serious investigation, I said: Well, if he comes back in 2 or 3 days and says there is nothing there, then we will know for certain that this was simply an effort to protect Hillary Clinton, because, clearly, they could not properly investigate all of those emails in such a short period of 2 or 3 days. Sure enough, just a couple of days later, Comey comes out of a press con-ference: Gee, we have investigated this massive number of emails, and Hillary Clinton is clean. So, rather than destroying her cam-paign, Comey’s action, it appears— more likely, actually—saved her cam-paign and allowed it to be closer. So that is just a little bit of informa-tion that I didn’t get to yesterday. Now, it is absolutely incredible what has gone on, not on our southern bor-der—that is amazing enough—but all of the mayhem that has been raised by the media. All of the outrage that has been expressed by Democrats is really extraordinary when we look at the facts about what has been going on since 1997—not new laws, not terribly new laws that this administration is working with. Unlike the Obama ad-ministration, this administration has not seen fit to just speak new laws into existence. Like with DACA, President Obama, like any good totalitarian monarch, spoke that he wanted this law. He didn’t even sign the new royal edict; he just spoke it into law. Then Jeh John-son, head of Homeland Security, draft-ed some memos to create it. Now, it overruled existing law, overruled law that had been passed by bipartisan ef-forts here in the House and Senate, signed by people like Bill Clinton and others. But, anyway, he spoke it into law. Here we have an administration that really does want to follow the law. I had been down on the border all hours of the night and day as well. But dur-ing the Obama Presidency, I had been down on our border. I had seen children separated from the adults they were with talking to Border Patrol agents. We have heard from ICE. Of course, what is being thrown figuratively and literally at ICE agents is really out-rageous. What is being hurled in the way of both words and actions toward people simply following the law that even Democrats helped create is really outrageous. There is an article here by Michelle Mark dated June 19 from Business In-sider: ‘‘Several former Obama adminis-tration officials took to social media and news outlets last month to explain a gallery of years-old photos that showed immigrant children sleeping in shoddy conditions at a government-run holding facility in Arizona. ‘‘The images, which the Associated Press first published in 2014, resurfaced recently for reasons that remain un-clear, and quickly prompted viral out-rage on Twitter. One particularly dis-turbing image showed two children sleeping on mattresses on the floor in-side what appeared to be a cage.’’ That was the Obama administration, the very thing that people are going nuts about, screaming and hollering. ‘‘A number of prominent liberals— and even a former Obama administra-tion official—shared the photos, mis-takenly believing they depicted the Trump administration’s treatment of immigrant children who were forcibly separated from their parents.’’ Obviously, these former Obama offi-cials did not realize that this was what they did to children. And then to be holier-than-thou with an administra-tion that simply is enforcing the law the Obama administration often vio-lated when they were guilty of actually following the law themselves? They could have made better conditions. I am happy to report that the condi-tions I see under the Trump adminis-tration down on our southern border are much better than they were under the Obama administration. The facili-ties for children are much, much bet-ter. I mean, there were some really ter-rible situations that the Obama admin-istration created down on our border during President Obama’s terms, espe-cially the second term. It was a bit shocking what was happening to chil-dren then. It has been amazing. There was one child holding on to a fence, and that was used to show how terrible it was for this sweet little child. It turns out that was part of an immigration pro-test. This kid wasn’t in any kind of cage. In fact, the other pictures that have now been discovered show that it was apparently some adult figure who was part of the protest and dragged the kid there, but it certainly was not someone caged by the Trump adminis-tration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.098 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5357 June 20, 2018 
But this goes on to say: ‘‘Jon Favreau, who worked as a speechwriter for former President Barack Obama, tweeted, ‘This is happening right now, and the only debate that matters is how we force our government to get these kids back to their families as fast as humanly possible.’ ‘‘Favreau said he later deleted the tweet after social media users pointed out that the photos were taken during the Obama administration. But by that point, critics had already rushed to ac-cuse him of concealing Obama’s own harsh immigration tactics while con-demning Trump’s. ‘‘Favreau said in a series of tweets that he made a ‘mistake’ by not check-ing the date of the photos before shar-ing them on Twitter. He explained that the photos were taken in 2014, when the Obama administration faced ‘an influx of unaccompanied minors who showed up at the border, fleeing violence from Central America.’’’ Well, I can tell you, there were many of these people I saw all hours of the night that weren’t fleeing violence, but they had heard they had opportunities. I have been there when small children were being passed among—well, the Border Patrol is at one end of the group of people that had come in ille-gally asking questions, and they are shuffling around trying to decide who is going to claim this child. And then, on some occasions, they say: Oh, no, no, no, not with me, not with them. No, they are by themselves. Well, I watched you just walk up here taking care of this child. No, they were unaccompanied. It is also interesting, with all of the outrage about the 12,000 children that were being so well taken care of, 10,000 of the 12,000 came unaccompanied, was the claim, and 40 percent of those com-ing are teenage males of gang age. We know, it turns out, many of them are gang members. We know, just recently, there was an MS–13 member claiming a child. It may have been his child. But that child did not need to be with a MS–13 gang mem-ber. We know, during the Obama adminis-tration, during the George W. Bush ad-ministration, and during the Clinton administration, it was not uncommon to separate children from a parent if they believed the parent might not be in the best interest of the child, may be a threat to the child. Again, for heaven’s sake, these chil-dren, whether accompanied or unac-companied, were placed by their par-ents in a position to cross deadly terri-tory, be subjected to sex trafficking themselves, be subjected to becoming drug traffickers. If those things happen in this country, I have seen it as a judge when there were hearings—I didn’t do juvenile law, but I saw it. I had seen hearings. You have parents, if they let their child here in Texas, in America, do the things that parents from other coun-tries allowed their children to go through, there is a good chance, at least in Texas, Child Protective Serv-ices would have grabbed that child and said: This is an unfit parent to let them go across a desert, to let them be in the hands of gang members, or to let them be subjected to sex trafficking and drug trafficking. I have also been there when the Bor-der Patrol has asked—it wasn’t on their list—but frequently they would ask: How much do you pay to the gang or the drug cartel to bring you in? $5,000, $6,000, $7,000, $8,000. Where did you get that kind of money? You didn’t have that kind of money. Often, the final answer, after, $1,000 or $1,500 here, or $2,000 there, or some-body from America sent this: Well, where did you get the rest? Often the final answer was: They are going to let me work that off when I get to where we are going. Well, how do you work it off? It is either drug trafficking or sex trafficking is the way that normally got worked off. Any parent that would subject their children to that—like I say, 10,000 out of 12,000 were unaccom-panied who are down there right now when they are trying to figure out what is to be done. The outrage ought to be with parents that would allow that to happen, and the outrage ought to be with a political party or with any political people that would hang out a shiny object of a great life here—free benefits, welfare— if you will just come across a desert, risk sex trafficking, risk drug traf-ficking, come on. Now, the border has to be secure. That is the humane thing to do. If we stop the $80 billion or so in drugs that came across our border, estimated last year by some, then the corruption in Mexico and Central America dries up to next to nothing. Those people would end up with a better economy, a better life, and better jobs. That is what we would do if we were a true caring, lov-ing neighbor. We would make sure that our wall made a good neighbor stop the drug trafficking. And these poor people who made to be drug mules, made to be drug traf-fickers, they are poisoning Americans. I mean, it is a matter of national secu-rity. Donald Trump is exactly right to be so concerned and to want a zero-toler-ance policy, and so is Jeff Sessions. b1830 We can deal with this issue, but it is a very small percentage that are actual parents that are being separated from children. And there were parents being separated from children in the prior ad-ministration, even though the Dallas Morning News obviously either doesn’t want to admit it or wants to remain in total blissful ignorance. So these things have happened, and the Trump administration is trying to fix them and do things correctly. Now, it turns out that when our Homeland Security Secretary Nielsen was at a Mexican restaurant Tuesday night, she had people screaming at her trying to ruin her dinner and accusing her of doing what others in the Obama administration had done. It turns out one of those was an employee at the Department of Justice. Some would say, but, again, political beliefs shouldn’t adversely affect a job with the government. Well, it should when that job is en-forcing the law. When you work for the Department of Justice and you are going to scream at people because they are following the law, then you should not be at the Department of Justice. This person that was screaming and becoming a nuisance and creating prob-lems and screaming out in ignorance should not be working at the Depart-ment of Justice, just as anybody who is biased for Hillary Clinton or against Hillary Clinton should not have been investigating Hillary Clinton. Anybody biased for or against Donald Trump should not have been investigating Donald Trump. It does matter. I guarantee you Democratic criminal defense attorneys, even though there was some expressed feigned outrage, if they had a client who had run for office that was on trial for a criminal charge, that criminal defense attorney would want to know which jurors supported their client and which were totally op-posed to their client in the last elec-tion. They would want to know that. Maybe you do that in chambers, maybe you do that at the bench, but I have a feeling—I have heard those claims from defense attorneys about the right to know about things. Sometimes it is very personal information, but if it tells a defense attorney about some-one’s bias or prejudice within a poten-tial juror, that defense attorney really does have a right to know in order to protect their client and to ensure that justice is done by fair and impartial ar-biters. But we have got people at the Justice Department still that are not fair, they are not impartial. There is a new record here, according to Paul Bedard’s article yesterday from the Washington Examiner, ‘‘New Record, 99 Percent of Seized Border Kids From Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador.’’ Obama prosecuted nearly half a mil-lion illegal aliens. He did. I think in those situations, they were trying to follow the law. The only reason I bring that up is the feigned outrage. For some people, it is not feigned; they are really outraged, because they really don’t realize what has gone on before. Some of us have seen it. Now, a 100 percent no-tolerance pol-icy, that is much stricter than the Obama administration. But President Obama and Hillary Clinton are both on video talking about how they were going to do those type of things to dis-courage people from coming in ille-gally. And now they really are feigning outrage, and it needs to stop. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.099 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5358 June 20, 2018 
Let’s work together for a solution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AMERICAN IMMIGRATION IS AN AMERICAN PROBLEM, NOT AN IMMIGRANT PROBLEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Rus-sell) for 30 minutes. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kevin Portteus, professor at Hillsdale College, made an interesting observa-tion in his excellent study, ‘‘Immigra-tion and the American Founding’’: 
America’s immigration problem is not with immigrants, but with Americans. In order for the Founders’ policies to be intel-ligible and effective, America must return to the Founders’ principles of justice. If Amer-ica is not based on those principles, then it is like the other nations, and the idea of America as an asylum becomes muddled and incoherent. If we accept feudal obligation and its modern incarnation, birthright citi-zenship, then the ideas of government by consent and the right to emigrate become obscured. If we forget that consent is recip-rocal and that the purpose of government is to protect the inalienable natural rights of its citizens, then the right and duty to re-strict immigration and naturalization be-comes nothing but an expression of racism and nativism. If we forget our heritage as a refuge for the virtuous and oppressed of the world, then we lose a significant part of what makes America exceptional. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not an immigra-tion expert. I do, however, know and love the history of our great Republic. I speak before America, not as a mem-ber of any party, but as an American who has nearly given my life on mul-tiple battlefields in defense of her Con-stitution. As such, I am disturbed at the abandonment of principle by both sides of the aisle, the acceptance of sound bites in lieu of facts, and the framing of popular, even if opposing sentiments that are used to leverage political power. In our national immigration debate, we suffer much bitter contention, with political power being used to divide America on her foundations in the hopes that one side may force the other into its will. But what of it? What if we had no respect for the law? What if we closed the door to the poor and wretch-ed masses? What if we had no security on our borders? What if we allowed privileged classes to have distinction in immigration? Either side prevailing on such a course would end the great experiment of liberty and equality among mankind as embodied in the very fabric of our Nation. And with all the critique about the use of Biblical passages to support var-ious views on immigration, how about this one from Proverbs 29:12 that can be leveled against both sides of our na-tional government: 
If a ruler pays attention to lies, all his servants become wicked. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Portteus is correct that America’s immigration problem is not with immigrants, but with Ameri-cans. We should take his counsel to ex-amine how a people bound by liberty and equality, rather than birthright and obligation, should govern them-selves and accommodate those seeking the same. Our Founders were driven by the premise that all are created equal, en-dowed by the Creator with certain in-alienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. In that vein, they categorically rejected the notion of obligation to government or servitude to landholders simply by the happenstance of one’s birth. Washington framed it simply, but ef-fectively: ‘‘The bosom of America is open to receive not only the opulent and respectable stranger, but the op-pressed and persecuted of all nations and religions; whom we shall welcome to a participation of all our rights and privileges, if by decency and propriety of conduct, they appear to merit the enjoyment.’’ Thomas Jefferson conveyed it along these lines: If an individual chooses to depart from the regime of his birth and to as-sociate with a new one, he has an in-herent right to do so. Jefferson, in his first address to Con-gress, put it this way: ‘‘Shall we refuse the unhappy fugitives from distress . . . hospitality . . . ? Shall oppressed humanity find no asylum on this globe? . . . Might not the general char-acter and capabilities of a citizen be safely communicated to every one manifesting a bona fide purpose of em-barking his life and fortunes perma-nently with us.’’ To redress the dilemma of various States creating a patchwork of stand-ards for who should be allowed or not allowed as immigrants, the framers of the Constitution settled the issue by granting Congress the power to ‘‘estab-lish an uniform naturalization rule.’’ Enjoying the fruit of such immigra-tion policy, the French-born immi-grant J. Hector St. John de Crevecoeur, in his ‘‘Letters from an American Farmer’’ praised the polit-ical liberty and economic prosperity of America, saying: ‘‘Europe contains hardly any other distinctions but lords and tenants; this fair country alone is settled by freeholders, the possessors of the soil they cultivate, members of the government they obey, and the framers of their own laws, by means of their representatives . . . It is here that the idle may be employed, the useless be-come useful, and the poor become rich.’’ The first Federal naturalization law passed by this Congress under the Con-stitution required 2 years’ residency in the United States, 1 year’s residency in the State he was applying for citizen-ship, an oath of loyalty, and as an indi-cation of the times, rather than many of the framers’ expressed wishes, that the applicant be a free white person. Subsequent statutes increased the length of time to as much as 14 years, but by 1802, Congress settled on the 5- year residency requirement that per-sists to this day. No other restrictions were imposed. No incentives or encour-agements by class were instituted. Later, Congress abolished the immi-gration slave trade in 1808 and further eliminated the notion of class struc-ture with the Passenger Act of 1819 to end indentured servitude immigration. It would take another 50 years to se-cure the rights of all men under the law, but the steady efforts of many were realized without any alteration of the framers’ original principles. After the Civil War, the Fourteenth, Fif-teenth, and Sixteenth Amendments simply and rightly applied those prin-ciples to all Americans, naturally born, freed, or naturalized. American anathema to class distinc-tion guided her well in the first cen-tury, culminating with the Civil War, as all men truly became equal under the law along the framework of the Founders’ principles. Rejected was an obligation to government by birth, but rather, the American ideal was to vol-untarily consent to government by choice. This ideal in its purist sense was upheld until the 1898 Supreme Court decision United States v. Wong Kim Ark which somewhat returned the feudalistic citizenship by birthright contrary to the views of many of the Founders. While doing good in securing certain rights for certain individuals, it also set up the construct to elimi-nate the rights of those not naturally born who wished to associate as law abiding immigrants by choice. American immigration historically has largely been driven by world events. Prior to the Great Depression and World War II, annual immigration comprised .64 of 1 percent of the United States population, with spikes as high as 1.61 percent. Immigrants expanded the country, cultivated the fields, spiked the railroads, and laid the cities across the Nation. By the time we en-tered the First World War in 1917, fully one-third of the Nation’s population had been born overseas or had a parent who was an immigrant. A full 20 per-cent of the doughboys we sent to France in World War I were not even born in the United States, fighting to secure our liberty and also a new place in the world in what became an Amer-ican century. Immigration dropped sharply due to economics, fear, and war with the Great Depression and World War II, but migrant workers still came by the hun-dreds of thousands during the war. La-borers from Mexico and Central Amer-ica entered the agricultural fields and farms as we fed our armies and our-selves. An inseparable bond between agri-culture and the guest worker resulted in demand for farm workers and indus-trial labor during the war. The United States Government recognized this with the Bracero accord that allowed for these workers to come annually to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.101 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5359 June 20, 2018 
meet a crisis during the war and a vi-brant economic growth thereafter. Succumbing to fears about uncapped workers in our fields and farms or on our machines at home, this Congress ended the Bracero accord in 1964. And with the institution of new immigra-tion caps in 1965, an almost immediate spike in illegal immigration rose as seasonal workers, with no guarantee that they would make the next sea-son’s quota, stayed instead. The prob-lem became so bad, that Congress again struggled with what to do and by 1986, took a stab at accommodating those that some argued would have likely been citizens at normal immi-gration rates in exchange for strength-ening our southern border. We only got the immigrants when both were sorely needed. Now we are here today. Only .32 per-cent of our population are immigrants arriving annually. That is markedly lower than when we were fighting the Civil War. While the agricultural in-dustry and the housing and construc-tion industries are symbiotically en-twined, we instead address immigra-tion issues separate from what used to be handled under the Bracero accord. b1845 And while the economic drivers are pulling immigrants to seek a better life in our country, we, in turn, will re-strict already small percentages of our population to even smaller ones, de-spite the fact that our unemployment numbers are lower than our job open-ings for the first time in American his-tory. What could we do? Some low-hanging fruit would be to secure our border and to provide some type of permanent residency for minors known as DACA recipients to address the immediate need. A bipartisan majority could read-ily vote for such a clean measure. Then, once that is done, we can estab-lish a uniform naturalization rule to address further issues. Yet the solutions offered to us this week, instead, are to demonize family migration, accommodate only those with some station in life or those able to pay a million bucks to get a perma-nent residency and, thus, end the hopes of those wishing to come here legally with an already reduced system. We have many claims floating around these august Chambers. Here are some of them: Immigrants are taking our jobs; Immigrants are destroying our Amer-ican way of life with chain migration; We are flooded by a wave of illegal and legal immigration unlike any time in our Nation’s history. Here’s the reality: The percentage of native-born workers to fuel our con-struction and agricultural economies do not exist. We can either import workers or we can import our food. In a study published in 2013, econo-mist Michael Clemens did a 15-year analysis of data on North Carolina’s farm labor market, concluding there is virtually no supply of native manual farm laborers in the State. This was true even in the depths of a severe re-cession. In 2011, with 6,500 available farm jobs in the State, only 268 of nearly half a million unemployed North Carolinians applied for those jobs. More than 90 percent of them—a whopping 245 peo-ple—of those applying, were hired, but just 163 even showed up for the first day’s work. Only seven native workers completed the entire growing season, filling only one-tenth of 1 percent of the open farm jobs. This is not an abnormality. Since World War II, migrant workers have fueled America as the breadbasket of the globe. That may change. As I stat-ed, we can either import workers or we can import food. The problem with the workforce may be even deeper than we know. In 2017, according to the Centers for Disease Control, there were about 60 births per 1,000 women ages 15 to 44, which is 3 percent lower than the rate in 2016 and the lowest recorded rate of birth since the government started tracking birth rates in 1909. Our actual birth rate is now 1.84. A nation must have at least a 2.1 birth rate to sustain itself. Plus, we abort about 1.2 to 1.5 million children a year. We immigrate approximately 1 million people a year, and many of those have children. If one were to subtract the 39 million immigrants in our population since Roe v. Wade, our actual birth rate would even be lower. As in the past, immigrants are sustaining our national growth in spite of ourselves, and just barely. The issue of family immigration, now demonized as chain migration, was originally conceived as a way to ensure immigrants arriving had a support base structure, negating or reducing the need for government assistance. It has largely achieved that aim. Now, if cur-rent proposals become law, instead of acquiring a more stable and skilled workforce, the opposite is likely to occur, as it did before family migration was instituted. And what of this dastardly diversity lottery? Is it the ‘‘diversity’’ name that offends us? The reality is the diversity lottery visas ensure immigrants come from a wide spectrum of nations rather than just those south of the border. Further, a study published just a couple of months ago showed that di-versity lottery recipients and family migrants, far from being unskilled and ignorant, are actually better educated than naturally born citizens. The study showed that 47 percent had a college degree or higher, as compared to 29 per-cent of the naturally born American population. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, we could use more of this type of igno-rance and lack of skill. Americans of all generations have had concerns about immigrants: Irish, Dutch, German, Chinese, Eastern Euro-pean, Mexican, Vietnamese, Persian, Lebanese, Syrian. We fret over lan-guage, even though studies show sec-ond-generation Americans are fully en-gaged lingually, and third-generation Americans speak virtually nothing of their old tongue. In our current national debate, immi-grants south of the border carry such worrisome traits as strong in their faith, close-knit families, hardworking, and small business entrepreneurs. As a conservative, it sounds a lot like the things that I stand for. As an Amer-ican, it sounds a lot like the America I fought for. Immigrants of all stripes have de-fended this country with their lives. Forty percent of the soldiers I lost in Iraq were immigrants or had immi-grating parents. One was not even a citizen but earned his citizenship post-humously. While our Nation has ever been sus-tained by immigrants defending their newfound freedom along with ours, we must reject a dangerous proposal creeping into the immigration meas-ures on this floor, namely, that non-permanent residents can earn a resi-dency by military service. Now, we have long accommodated permanent residents to earn their citi-zenship, but to place people with no status or allegiance into uniform makes us no better than a foreign le-gion or, worse, a Roman legion. The Statue of Liberty does not wear a blindfold. That is reserved for Lady Justice. Ms. Justice must continue to hold her scales in balance, with the laws of Americans on one hand bal-anced by those seeking citizenship to also, themselves, be law-abiding in pur-suit of a new citizenship. Americans are not flooded by immi-grants. We are well below the norm, historically. We are, however, starved by restrictive, unaccommodating pol-icy that meets neither the lamp lit by our Founders nor the economic engines needing hands to turn them. Lady Liberty must continue to raise her arm and keep her torch burning brightly rather than exchange it for a stiff arm and a middle finger. The words inscribed at her base must not say ‘‘Send me only your physicians, your scientists, and your Nobel laure-ates.’’ If we use our passions, anger, and fear to snuff out liberty’s flame by xenophobic and knee-jerk policies, the enemies of liberty win, and what makes America exceptional dies, pe-riod. We have so lost our way on immigra-tion that we even have those across our land rejecting those fleeing tyranny. I want you to listen carefully to these statements by Members of Congress in response to a refugee bill—not illegals, not permanent residents, but refugees, people fleeing for their lives. Listen to these statements by Members of Con-gress: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.103 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5360 June 20, 2018 
Fighting immigration is ‘‘the best vote-getting argument . . . The politi-cian can beat his breast and proclaim his loyalty to America.’’ ‘‘He can tell the unemployed man he is out of work because some alien has his job.’’ Here’s another one. Congress must ‘‘protect the youth of America from this foreign invasion.’’ And how about this one? ‘‘American children have first claim to America’s charity.’’ There are many more, but these quotes were from 1939. The refugee bill was not for Muslim and Christian Syr-ians or Iraqi Muslims, Christians, and Yazidis. It was for German and Eastern European Jews. Namely, it was for 20,000 children whom they were trying to receive into the country. Not only could we not allow 20,000 Jewish children to enter our country in 1939, that same Congress, with the same speech and rhetoric I am hearing in recent days in this august Chamber, passed hurdle after hurdle to make it more difficult for those refugees and immigrants to enter our country. See the gap during that time? They were, unfortunately, successful. Mr. Speaker, America protects her liberty and defends her shores not by punishing those who would be free. She does it by guarding liberty with her life. Americans need to sacrifice and wake up. We must not become enemies of the very liberty in the fabric of our Republic. The enemies of liberty win if we give up who we are and, even more so, without a fight. We guard our way of life by vigilance. We must be watchful. We have to have each other’s back as Americans, not as Republicans and Democrats. By main-taining who we are amidst the threat, amidst the hatred, amidst the trials, we win. Patrick Henry did not say: ‘‘Give me safety and economy or give me death.’’ He said: ‘‘Give me liberty.’’ We have defended our way of life for roughly 240 years. Now we as Ameri-cans must defend it again. We must de-fend it when the critic sitting on the couch eating his bag of cheese puffs is pecking out hatred and vitriol. We must defend it and have courage when voters are caught up with sincere pas-sion, demanding security that might kill our liberty based on facts that are not true. We must defend it with our warriors who have worked hard to keep the fight for freedom off of our shores. We will always have threats to secu-rity and economy, but liberty, when lost, takes generations, if ever, to re-gain. Will and Ariel Durant, those epic re-corders of human history, wrote this warning: ‘‘Civilization is not inherited; it has to be learned and earned by each generation anew; if the transmission should be interrupted . . . civilization would die, and we should be savages again.’’ I am asking all Americans to please pray for this Congress and specifically for our President. How much time have we really spent on our knees at home for our leaders, regardless of what we think of them? How much counsel have we sought from the Almighty? It is God who has given us the spark of freedom. It is God we must return to. He will take us and guide us in times of crisis if only we ask Him and humble ourselves and seek His face as a nation. The Apostle James instructs us: 
If any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask of God, who gives to all liberally and without reproach, and it will be given to him. 
Mr. Speaker, maybe our lack of doing that is how we got here in the first place. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 57 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2230 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
URGESS ) at 10 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4760, SECURING AMERICA’S FUTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–770) on the resolution (H. Res. 952) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 6136, BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRATION REFORM ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–771) on the resolution (H. Res. 953) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immigration laws and pro-vide for border security, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4760, SECURING AMERICA’S FUTURE ACT OF 2018 Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 115–772) on the resolution (H. Res. 954) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 21, 2018, at 9 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5231. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter stating that the Department’s Inventory of Contracted Services FY 2017 final report is expected to be submitted to Congress by the end of Sep-tember 2018, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2330a(c)(1); Public Law 107-107, Sec. 801(c)(1) (as amended by Public Law 114-328, Sec. 812); (130 Stat. 2269); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5232. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s re-port to Congress on Corrosion Policy and Oversight Budget Materials for Fiscal Year 2019, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2228(e)(1); Public Law 107-314, Sec. 1067(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 114-328, Sec 954(a)(1)); (130 Stat. 2376); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5233. A letter from the Chairman, Ap-praisal Subcommittee, Federal Financial In-stitutions Examination Council, transmit-ting the Council’s 2017 Annual Report, pursu-ant to 12 U.S.C. 3332(a)(5); Public Law 101-73, Sec. 1103 (as amended by Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1473(b)); (124 Stat. 2190); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 5234. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulations, Office of General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Removal of Cross Ref-erences to Previously Removed Appendices and Subpart [Docket No.: FR-6102-F-01] (RIN: 2501-AD88) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 5235. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Na-tional Telecommunications and Information Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision to the Manual of Regulations and Procedures for Federal Radio Frequency Management [Docket No.: 180131107-8107-01] (RIN: 0660-AA35) received June 19, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5236. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Unexploded Ordnance Detonation, Gulf of Mexico, Pensacola, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0531] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN7.105 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5361 June 20, 2018 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5237. A letter from the Associate Bureau Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 10-90] re-ceived June 18, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5238. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Coordination of Protection Systems for Per-formance During Faults and Specific Train-ing for Personnel Reliability Standards [Docket No.: RM16-22-000; Order No.: 847] re-ceived June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5239. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5240. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-105, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5241. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-055, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5242. A letter from the Administrator, En-vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to the Congress from the Office of Inspector Gen-eral, covering the prior 6-month period end-ing March 31, 2018, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978 (Public Law 95-452); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 5243. A letter from the Director, Environ-mental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s FY 2017 No FEAR Act report, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107- 174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5244. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Office of General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting an action on nomination, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5245. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s FY 2016 Federal Equal Oppor-tunity Recruitment Program Report to Con-gress, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7201 and 5 C.F.R. Part 720 Subpart B; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5246. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Tred Avon River, between Bellevue, MD and Oxford, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0088] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5247. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Colum-bia River, The Dalles, OR [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0536] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5248. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lewis River, Ridgefield, WA [Docket No.: USCG- 2018-0535] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 5249. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Corpus Christi Bay, Corpus Christi, TX [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0458] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5250. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River, mile marker 27.8 to mile marker 28.2, Vanport, PA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0308] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 19, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5251. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Blazing Paddles 2018 SUP Race; Cuyahoga River, Cleveland, OH [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0242] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 19, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5252. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Appomattox River, Hopewell, VA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0330] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5253. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake Pontchartrain, Mandeville, LA [Docket Number USCG-2018-0529] (RIN: 1625-0529) re-ceived June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5254. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Guidance to grantors and contribu-tors of tax-exempt organizations on deduct-ibility and reliance issues [Rev. Proc. 2018-32] received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 5255. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only — Credit for Indian Coal Production and In-flation Adjustment Factor for Calendar Year 2017 [Notice 2018-36] received June 19, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 5256. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s 2016 annual Report to Congress on Defense Envi-ronmental Programs, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2711(a); Public Law 112-81, Sec. 317(a); (125 Stat. 1359); jointly to the Committees on Armed Services and Energy and Commerce. 5257. A letter from the Labor Member and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the 27th Actuarial Valu-ation of the railroad retirement system, pur-suant to 45 U.S.C. 231f-1; Public Law 98-76, Sec. 502 (as amended by Public Law 104-66, Sec. 2221(a)); (109 Stat. 733) and 45 U.S.C. 231u(a)(1); Aug. 29, 1935, ch. 812, Sec. 22(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-90, Sec. 108(a)); (115 Stat. 890); jointly to the Commit-tees on Ways and Means and Transportation and Infrastructure. 5258. A letter from the Labor Member and Management Member, Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the 2018 annual report on the financial status of the Railroad Un-employment Insurance System, pursuant to 45 U.S.C. 369; Public Law 100-647, Sec. 7105; (102 Stat. 3772); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Transportation and In-frastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 5925. A bill to cod-ify provisions relating to the Office of Na-tional Drug Control, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–767, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3392. A bill to provide for stability of title to certain land in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–768). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. GRANGER: Committee on Appropria-tions. H.R. 6157. A bill making appropria-tions for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–769). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 952. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–770). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 953. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immigration laws and provide for border security, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–771). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 954. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–772). Referred to the House Calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEES  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), and Appro-priations discharged from further con-sideration. H.R. 5925 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20JN7.000 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5362 June 20, 2018 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself and Mr. C
ICILLINE ): H.R. 6156. A bill to prohibit States from suspending, revoking, or denying State- issued professional licenses or issuing pen-alties due to student default; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TIPTON (for himself, Mr. C
LAY, and Mr. M
EEKS ): H.R. 6158. A bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to exclude affiliates and subsidiaries of insured depository institu-tions in the definition of deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6159. A bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to conduct a study about the impact of electronic logging devices and re-port the findings to Congress; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 6160. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the au-thority to issue regulations regarding cer-tifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 6161. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to waive fees for Purple Heart recipients serving on active duty for loans guaranteed under the home loan program of Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia): H.R. 6162. A bill to amend the Commodity Exchange Act to exempt certain small enti-ties dealing in foreign exchange that serve small- and medium-sized businesses from certain capital and margin requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6163. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to reform the Consumer Financial Civil Penalty Fund and to prohibit the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection from serving as the ad-ministrator of redress payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6164. A bill to prohibit the National Endowment for the Arts to make grants for housing; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. O’HALLERAN (for himself, Mr. K
NIGHT , and Mr. M OULTON ): H.R. 6165. A bill to improve the treatment of opioids under the pharmacy benefits pro-gram of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. ROSEN (for herself, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. M
ACARTHUR ): H.R. 6166. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to develop a solar workforce training course for certain members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. R USH, Mr. K INZINGER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. B
OST, Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S
CHNEIDER ): H.R. 6167. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5707 South Cass Avenue in Westmont, Illi-nois, as the ‘‘James William Robinson Jr. Memorial Post Office Building‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 6168. A bill to assist aviation-im-pacted communities in mitigating the noise burden that they face and to increase Fed-eral Aviation Administration engagement and responsiveness to communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 6169. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram for long-term rental assistance for families affected by major disasters in 2017; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Ms. G
ABBARD , and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H.R. 6170. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Interior to establish a demonstration program to adapt the successful practices of providing foreign aid to underdeveloped economies to the provision of Federal eco-nomic development assistance to Native communities in similarly situated remote areas in the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H. Con. Res. 124. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the United States should resume normal diplo-matic relations with Taiwan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H. Res. 951. A resolution expressing con-cern with respect to the Government of Tur-key’s anticipated purchase of Russian S-400 surface-to-air missile batteries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. H
ARRIS , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. L
EVIN): H. Res. 955. A resolution affirming United States support to the nations of Ukraine, Georgia, and Moldova in their effort to re-tain political sovereignty and territorial in-tegrity; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, Mr. CICILLINE introduced a bill (H.R. 6171) to authorize the Coast Guard to issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel Oliver Hazard Perry, and for other purposes; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 6156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, To make rules for the government and regulation of land and naval forces By Ms. GRANGER: H.R. 6157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 6160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 6161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 6162. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 6163. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L20JN7.100 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5363 June 20, 2018 
By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6164. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7 By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 6165. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 6166. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1, 12, 13, 14, and 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 6167. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 {Page H2755} By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6168. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 3—‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18—‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 6169. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 6170. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Ms. CICILLINE: H.R. 6171. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 6: Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 154: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 184: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 448: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 519: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 754: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 786: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 809: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 852: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 858: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 936: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 959: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1150: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 1171: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 1204: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. B ARR. H.R. 1225: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1450: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1566: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1587: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1651: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 1661: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 1676: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1953: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2043: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2101: Mr. S
HIMKUS , Mr. R OYCE of Cali- fornia, and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 2309: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mr. M CEACHIN . H.R. 2358: Mr. K
ILMER and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 2366: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 2418: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 2572: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2584: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2598: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2651: Ms. T
ITUS and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2902: Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 2917: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2918: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2944: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3124: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 3148: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3207: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 3222: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3459: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 3626: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 3645: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 3713: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3742: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3875: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 3945: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 4099: Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 4328: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 4382: Mr. M
EADOWS , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Mr. T AYLOR . H.R. 4734: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4843: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 4846: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 4886: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 4915: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 5031: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 5060: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 5105: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK . H.R. 5147: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 5191: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 5222: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 5232: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 5241: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 5248: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 5324: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 5358: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. C OOPER . H.R. 5385: Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5410: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5414: Mr. F
OSTER and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 5564: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 5638: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 5658: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 5671: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 5693: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5697: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 5732: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 5747: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 5765: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 5771: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 5794: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 5814: Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 5900: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 5950: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 5988: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 6016: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 6031: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6048: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 6073: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 6079: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 6081: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 6084: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 6103: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 6111: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 6134: Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. B
UDD, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. JONES , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 6135: Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 6136: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B ACON , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 6142: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 673: Mr. K
HANNA . H. Res. 697: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H. Res. 750: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H. Res. 870: Mr. H
UNTER . H. Res. 915: Mr. M
OULTON . H. Res. 927: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. R
UIZ. H. Res. 930: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 4760 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 4760 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. CONAWAY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Agriculture in H.R. 4760 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. O
FFERED BYMR. FOXX The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Education and the Work-force in H .R. 4760, Securing America’s Fu-ture Act of 2018, do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. GOWDY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform in H.R. 4760 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. MCCAUL The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4760 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. ROYCE  The provisions of H.R. 4760 (Securing America’s Future Act of 2018) within the ju-risdiction of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions of H.R. 4760, the Securing America’s Future Act, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.037 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5364 June 20, 2018 
OFFERED BYMR. THORNBERRY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Armed Services in H.R. 4760 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. CONAWAY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Agriculture in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. OFFERED BYMR. GOWDY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax bene-fits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. MCCAUL The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. ROYCE  The provisions of H.R. 6136 (Border Secu-rity and Immigration Reform Act of 2018) within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Foreign Affairs do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  The provisions of H.R. 6136, the Border Se-curity and Immigration Reform Act of 2018, that fall within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of House Rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. THORNBERRY  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Armed Services in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 6136 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. O
FFERED BYMR. WOMACK  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 6136, the Border Security and Immigration Re-form Act of 2018, do not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:59 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN7.038 H20JNPT1dlhill on DSK9F9SC42PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4253 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 20, 2018 No. 103 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable R
AND P
AUL, a Senator from the Common-wealth of Kentucky. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, who has created human-ity in Your image, look upon us and hear our prayers. Today, give our law-makers the desire to do Your will and the energy to complete the tasks that will glorify Your Name. That which they don’t know, reveal it. That which they lack, supply it. And that which they doubt, verify it. Keep them blame-less in Your service, so that their lives will be living letters that will cause people to exalt Your Name. Strengthen their minds for Your service, so that Your wisdom will permeate their every endeavor. Remind them to not forget the lost, the lonely, the least, the last, and the left out. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable RANDPAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. PAUL thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5895, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
Pending: 
Shelby amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute. Alexander amendment No. 2911 (to amend-ment No. 2910), to make a technical correc-tion. McConnell (for Crapo) modified amend-ment No. 2943 (to amendment No. 2910), to in-crease funds for a nuclear demonstration program. McConnell (for Baldwin/Portman) amend-ment No. 2985 (to amendment No. 2910), to set aside funds for cooperative agreements and laboratory support to accelerate the do-mestic production of Molybdenum-99. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, as I discussed on the floor yesterday, re-turning to regular order in the appro-priations process is at the forefront of the Senate’s agenda. Thanks to the bipartisan work of the Appropriations Committee, led by Chairman S
HELBY , Ranking Member L
EAHY , and the subcommittee chair-men, it is actually becoming a reality. Their efforts have already produced thoughtful legislation for the full Sen-ate to consider, beginning this week with the combined measures for the Legislative Branch, for Energy and Water, and for Military Construction and the Veterans Administration. It is those last components I would like to discuss this morning. This year, 2018, has already brought significant legislative progress for America’s men and women in uniform. Earlier this year, Congress and the President did away with arbitrary funding limits that had eroded our forces’ comparative advantage. We de-livered the largest year-on-year in-crease in funding for our troops in 15 years. Now, with the Military Con-struction-VA funding bill before us this week, the Senate can keep the ball rolling. The committee’s package would de-liver mission-critical maintenance and improvements that are needed on in-stallations both at home and abroad. It would support Active-Duty personnel, as well as National Guard and Reserve units. It would allocate significant re-sources for projects that reinforce key alliances and extend our influence around the world. In my home State of Kentucky, it would mean major improvements to training facilities at both Fort Knox— home of the Army Cadet, Human Re-sources, and Recruiting Commands— and at Fort Campbell, where the 101st Airborne Division and Special Oper-ations forces prepare for evolving mis-sions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.000 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4254 June 20, 2018 
But while underpinning the ongoing missions of our Active Forces, the leg-islation before us would also take crit-ical steps to meet the individual needs of America’s warfighters and their fam-ilies here at home. It would allocate over $1.5 billion to operate and main-tain military family housing facilities. It would provide for vital safety up-dates at overseas American military schools, part of a system that serves more than 66,000 children. Hundreds of millions in additional funding would go to build and improve the network of military medical facilities, which pro-vide care to nearly 10 million service-members and military families. Finally, within the Military Con-struction legislation is important fund-ing to support our veterans. In addition to funding the maintenance and upkeep of VA health facilities, it goes further in allocating targeted resources to ad-dress the system’s shortcomings. Especially when we talk about access to prompt, quality care, the status quo is simply not good enough for Amer-ica’s veterans. For the more than 300,000 Kentucky veterans and for the millions of veterans nationwide, we can and we must do better. That is why this bill includes billions of dollars to improve claims processing and to cut down on backlogs. There is funding for treatment, mental health services, and preventing opioid misuse. There are plenty of good reasons to support this appropriations package, but one of the most compelling is the support it will deliver to our all-volun-teer military and those who have served our country in uniform. So let’s keep this legislation moving this week. 
RESCISSIONS BILL  
On another matter, Mr. President, speaking of government spending, we will soon have an opportunity to save some of the money taxpayers entrust to us. Thanks to the hard work of Members, including Senator L
EEand Chairman E
NZI, we will soon turn to a House-passed bill that acts on the President’s request to rescind nearly $15 billion in previously appropriated money that has gone unspent. This modest belt-tightening would in no way infringe on the bipartisan spend-ing deal that Senators on both sides agreed to earlier this year. This sav-ings package is 100 percent unrelated to that agreement. Let me say that again. This savings package is 100 percent unrelated to the bipartisan agreement we reached ear-lier this year. It is totally separate. It simply pulls back a small amount of unspent funds from a variety of govern-ment accounts. If we, the people’s elected representatives, want to speak seriously about stewarding taxpayer money, surely we can vote to recapture these unspent funds that are not even currently in use. The President’s modest rescissions request is entirely reasonable. It should be without controversy. I look forward to voting for it myself, and I urge my fellow Members to do the same. TAX REFORM  
Now, on one final matter, Mr. Presi-dent, today marks 6 months since the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed Congress. On Friday, it will be 6 months since the President signed it into law. What a 6 months it has been. Already, Americans have seen their paychecks grow as the IRS withholds less of what they earned. Already, fam-ilies are reaping the fruits of a new business tax code that gives American employers more ability to increase pay and create jobs. Six months in, these tax cuts have already led employers to issue tax reform bonuses, raises, and new benefits to 4 million workers and counting. That is welcome relief for middle-class families. But what about the long term? Republicans know that enduring prosperity needs thriving businesses competing to hire American workers. So we designed tax reform to flip the Obama-era script and make America a more attractive place to invest, ex-pand, and create jobs. For large companies, capital invest-ment might mean breaking ground on new locations or purchasing state-of- the-art technology. If you are a midsized employer, it might mean fill-ing your factory floor with new equip-ment. If you are a Main Street family business, it could mean expanding into the vacant storefront next door or buy-ing new tools that will transform your day-to-day operations. In every case, you are placing a bet on your community and on your coun-try. You are betting on American land, American equipment, and, most impor-tantly, the future of the American workforce. You are putting down roots here instead of shipping jobs overseas. This is precisely what we have seen in the past 6 months. Earlier this year, Apple announced plans to make $30 billion in capital in-vestments over the next 5 years—new facilities, new data centers, and more than 20,000 new jobs. Chipotle Mexican Grill announced a $50 million investment in upgrading and refurbishing their restaurants. Carpenter Technology is using tax re-form to speed up a new $100 million fa-cility in Redding, PA. Their new state- of-the-art mill will allow them to com-pete in precision electronics manufac-turing. New equipment can’t be easily outsourced; neither can the jobs it will create. Sure enough, Carpenter is partnering with a local community col-lege to train a 21st century workforce. Remember, these businesses aren’t just creating new opportunities them-selves. These projects also mean pros-perity for American contractors and construction crews, and it is not just the big guys. In West Palm Beach, FL, tax reform means new kitchen appliances for the Don Ramon Restaurant. In my home State of Kentucky, at Glier’s Meats, tax reform meant a new quarter-mil-lion-dollar machine to speed up produc-tion of their famous sausages. For a small business with fewer than 30 em-ployees, that is a noteworthy oppor-tunity. Everywhere you turn, busi-nesses large and small are going all in on the future of the United States. There is one more interesting thing the last 6 months have revealed: just how impossible it is for our Democratic colleagues to set aside their outdated, tax-and-spend ideology. Every Demo-crat in the House and in the Senate voted on party lines to block tax re-form. They insisted the law wouldn’t help American workers one bit. They said that it would be a disaster. Of course, the facts have debunked those predictions. But are our Democratic friends admitting they were wrong? No. They are doubling down on this silli-ness. By now, we are all familiar with the House Democratic leader’s comments from January. She laughed at the four- figure bonuses that working families were celebrating and called them ‘‘crumbs.’’ Earlier this month, she dou-bled down: 
Hip, hip hooray, unemployment is down. But what does that mean for me? 
Well, my Democratic friends seem hopeful they can convince Americans that tax cuts, bonuses, and a stellar job market are nothing to celebrate. Talk about a tall order. But while those rhetorical gym-nastics keep them busy, Republicans will keep up the fight for middle-class families. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that in whatever order you choose, Senators C
RAPO , B
ALDWIN , and W HITEHOUSE each be given a minute, then I be allowed to speak in leader time, and the vote come immediately after that. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Idaho. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2943, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, in a few minutes we are going to vote on the Crapo-Whitehouse amendment. I stand to support that amendment and en-courage my colleagues all to vote in favor of it. I first want to thank my colleague Senator W
HITEHOUSE . He and I have worked together on a number of issues, building bipartisan support to advance our ability to utilize nuclear energy in the United States. I also thank Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator F
EINSTEIN for their work to complete this Omnibus appropriations bill and to continue to push to bring our appropriations process to regular order. Our amendment focuses on the devel-opment of fuel sources for our ad-vanced nuclear reactors. The United States currently lacks both the supply of high assay low-enriched uranium, called HALEU, and a process to make HALEU for advanced reactor designs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.002 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4255 June 20, 2018 
Advanced reactor startup cores re-quire a high assay low-enriched ura-nium containing less than 20 percent fissile content. At the end of naval fuel’s life, it contains highly enriched uranium with an average enrichment of 80 percent. Current operating naval reactors have the potential to create a total of 100,000 tons of spent nuclear fuel, and the Department of Energy es-timates disposal of this spent nuclear fuel will cost about $100 billion. However, advanced nuclear reactors have the potential to reuse this spent nuclear fuel and to reduce the overall disposal cost. HEU repurposing, from materials like spent naval fuel, can be done using hybrid processes that use advanced dry head-end technologies followed by material recovery, which creates the fuel for our new advanced reactors. Repurposing this spent fuel has the potential of reducing waste that would otherwise be disposed of at taxpayer expense, and approximately 1 metric ton of HEU can create 4 useable tons for our new reactors. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, first, let me say what a pleasure it has been to work with Senator C
RAPO on these issues. Our situation is pretty simple. We have a U.S. Navy that generates spent nuclear fuel through its operations; we have a U.S. industry of next-generation nuclear technology that needs that spent fuel in order to test those inno-vative technologies; and we have ex-traordinary National Labs with world- class expertise in handling that nuclear material and supporting that innova-tion. This amendment brings those three together. It allows the U.S. Navy’s spent fuel to be delivered to National Labs so that pursuant to a law we just passed in the Senate recently, the co-operation between the National Labs and the nuclear innovation community can move forward. We have already passed that bill. I hope we will pass this bill. I will close by saying there is some-thing else in this that I think is worth our consideration. We have an enor-mous national liability with respect to our existing stockpiles of nuclear waste. Presently, we have no realistic plan for dealing with that. There is a prospect—it is definitely a maybe; I don’t want to overpromise anything— there is definitely a prospect and it is the intention of some of these next- generation technologies that we will be able to develop nuclear technologies that will go through our nuclear waste stockpile and turn that into productive electricity generation. If we can get there, that would be a terrific Holy Grail. In the meantime, this is a smart and efficient way to support American innovation in these technologies. I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes. I, again, appreciate Senator CRAPO ’s leadership on this and the ex-traordinary National Lab that he has in his home State. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Wisconsin. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2985 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support my bipartisan amendment regarding an essential medical isotope. This amend-ment that I have introduced, along with Senator P
ORTMAN , would achieve three simple goals: It would safeguard and improve patient access to critical health screenings, it would promote medical innovations needed for cut-ting-edge diagnostics and new treat-ments, and it would move us away from our dependence on foreign sources of medical isotopes, while supporting America’s medical innovation indus-try. Let me explain quickly why my amendment is needed. The United States does not currently produce the medical isotope our healthcare system uses the most. This isotope is used in medical screenings and helps 50,000 pa-tients per day in the United States by providing early detection and enabling treatment of cancer and heart disease. U.S. patients are currently relying on supplies of this key isotope that come from Canada, the Netherlands, and South Africa. This raises costs and risks supply disruptions. Mind you, this isotope only lasts for 3 days. For security in the healthcare sys-tem and certainty in patient access to essential medical tests, which are often needed in urgent situations, we must develop a domestic supply of these iso-topes. The Department of Energy has been working diligently with the pri-vate sector to develop sources that are made in America, and this amendment would dedicate $20 million to ensure that work continues so we can secure domestic production as soon as pos-sible. I urge my colleagues to support this important and bipartisan amendment. I yield back. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I am on leader time. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. President, as the purposeful, cyn-ical, and shameful humanitarian crisis of family separation at the border con-tinues to unfold, the vast majority of Americans are looking to President Trump’s administration, which started this practice, to end it. The Associated Press recently re-ported that the Trump administration has been sending babies and young children to what they call tender age facilities. It is unconscionable—uncon-scionable—that the Government of the United States is warehousing babies and toddlers alone in an institutional setting. The crisis was willfully and purpose-fully created by this President through his zero tolerance policy at the border. It can and should be ended by the same mechanism. With the simple flick of a pen, the President can end this policy. If the President wants to borrow my pen, he can have it. He can do it quick-ly and easily if he wants to. It is on his back. The administration must end this gratuitously cruel and counter-productive policy that has brought such pain to innocent children and so much shame on this Nation. No law re-quires the separation of children from their families, no law says you must send babies to detention facilities, and no law is required to end it. Nineteen Republicans in the Senate have already called on the Trump ad-ministration to reverse or suspend this policy administratively, without any congressional action. If our Republican colleagues and the Republican leader-ship in particular want to solve this problem, they ought to be directing their attention to the other side of Pennsylvania Avenue, to the White House, because that is where it can get done, done well, and get done quickly. This is at the administration’s door-step to stop or sustain. This is Presi-dent Trump’s responsibility. He could fix it this morning if he actually want-ed to fix it. Instead, he points fingers of blame, he prevaricates, and he makes things up because he doesn’t even want to own this policy. He knows how un-popular it is with the American people, but at the same time, he sort of wants to tell his base: I am with you. I am with you. It is awful. There is this idea that Congress could step in and pass legislation to deal with family separation. That is highly, highly dubious and unlikely. When has this Congress ever success-fully passed immigration legislation in the last few years? Never. It is an illu-sion. Color us dubious that Congress— the House and Senate, with Republican majorities and strong rightwing ele-ments who hate any change in immi-gration—could successfully pass legis-lation. Here are the problems: First, would Speaker RYAN agree to pass and put on the floor a narrow bill that just deals with this issue? Has he ever done that before? Never. Never. Even if the Senate passed something, in the House, it would be dragged into a morass. Second, would the President sign something that—it was reported in the newspaper that Sarah Huckabee Sand-ers said he would not sign the bill that Senator C
RUZis talking about. So what is the point? We want to solve this problem. Third, will both Republican leaders, House and Senate, guarantee that a narrow bill will not have poison pill riders that are unacceptable to large percentages of this body added to any legislation? Let’s get those guarantees—no poi-son pill riders, Senate leadership and House leadership agree, and Speaker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.004 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4256 June 20, 2018 
RYANhas the votes to pass something before we move on a legislative path, when there is such an easy alternative path available, which is the President taking his pen and undoing what he has done. The bottom line, my colleagues, is that there is only one real solution, as much as we would dream for another; that is, for the President to solve this problem. The odds of any legislation being able to pass—without poison pill riders—the House and Senate and be signed by the President is just about zero, while the percentage that the President could solve this problem if he wants to is just about 100 percent. I have to say one other thing. T
ED C
RUZ—a leading anti-immigration ad-vocate—must be feeling the heat. He has never been for modifying our immi-gration laws in any way that helps im-migrants. Read some of his past state-ments. I ask the question, Is something cyn-ical going on with some people? They want to get this off their backs because they feel the heat, but they really don’t want to solve the problem, be-cause if they did, Senator C
RUZand the others would do what 19 Republicans have correctly done: Ask the President to solve the problem himself. 
TRADE  
Mr. President, on a different subject entirely, our trade relationship with China. For too long, China has taken advantage of America’s unwillingness to strongly confront its rapacious trade policies. For too long, China has dumped artificially cheap products into our markets, stolen the intellec-tual property of blue-chip American companies, and denied our most profit-able companies access to its markets. I am heartened that President Trump, after making a debacle of a deal on ZTE, has taken a tougher ap-proach to China in recent days. His in-stincts to be tough on China are right on the money. President Trump needs to stay strong. If he backs off at the first sign of trouble, after the first company calls to complain, after President Xi calls to complain, then China will know we are weak and unserious. China is waiting to see if it can ride this out. We need to show China that America means business because the stakes are too high. Business relocations to China have costs too many American jobs. The theft of our intellectual property has been called ‘‘the greatest transfer of wealth in history’’ by a four-star gen-eral and commander of U.S. Cyber Command. The lifeblood of the Amer-ican economy is on the line. I urge President Trump to stay strong on China. Don’t mistake my support on this issue for what the President is doing with our allies. The tariffs leveled against Canada and our European allies are misguided and counterproductive. China is the real threat. And China should be the President’s focus. REPUBLICAN TAX BILL  
Mr. President, 6 months ago today, the Republican majority jammed through a partisan tax bill that lav-ished tax cuts on big corporations and the wealthiest few. It is an appropriate time to look back on how the tax bill is fairing. While the Republican leader, on a daily basis, celebrates vague statistics about business confidence, here are some cold, hard facts. Since the beginning of 2018, corpora-tions have announced plans to repur-chase more than $475 billion in stock buybacks—a record pace. Meanwhile, the Bureau of Labor statistics report that real average hourly earnings have dropped by 0.1 percent. According to a recent analysis by Just Capital, only 6 percent of the cap-ital allocated by companies from the tax bill’s savings has gone to employ-ees, while nearly 60 percent has gone to shareholders. Remember, President Trump prom-ised that the Republican tax bill would give a $4,000 raise for the average American family. In reality, American families are not seeing close to that figure. A recent Washington Post head-line sums it up best: ‘‘The Republican tax bill’s promises of higher wages and more jobs haven’t materialized.’’ The truth is, the tax law has failed to deliver for American workers and American families. Corporations are reaping record profits as a result of the tax bill and are refusing to pass much of those savings onto their workers. And whatever benefits American fami-lies are getting from the tax bill—if they are getting benefits at all—are starting to get wiped out by sky-rocketing health care costs, the result of Republican sabotage. All in all, that is why that today, 6 months since it passed, the Repub-licans’ signature legislative accom-plishment remains deeply unpopular. I yield the floor. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2943, AS MODIFIED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question occurs on agreeing to Crapo amendment No. 2943, as modified. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are nec-essarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 9, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 132 Leg.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—9 
Feinstein Flake Gillibrand Harris Markey Merkley Sanders Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cardin Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2943), as modi-fied, was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2985 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is on the Baldwin amendment No. 2985. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 30 sec-onds on the Baldwin-Portman amend-ment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, Sen-ator B
ALDWIN spoke a moment ago about this amendment we are about to vote on. It is $20 million to the National Nu-clear Security Administration’s domes-tic isotope program. This is something this body voted for back in 2012. CBO says it has no budget authority impact. It is really important because we are getting this all from overseas. We have no domestic source. We want to get away from using highly enriched ura-nium for national security reasons. I encourage you to all vote for this. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.005 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4257 June 20, 2018 
and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 95, nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 133 Leg.] YEAS—95 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—2 
Flake Paul 
NOT VOTING—3 
Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2985) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I have just returned from South Florida where I went to a detention facility in Homestead, FL. There are 1,000 chil-dren in this detention facility, and 94 of 1,000 are children who have been sep-arated from their families. Despite being the senior Senator of Florida, despite having oversight re-sponsibility of the Department of HHS, despite the fact that in that oversight capacity, we have the funding responsi-bility for the Department of HHS and one of its components, the Office of Refugee Resettlement—these children separated from their families are han-dled by that office—despite all of that, the Deputy Secretary of the Depart-ment of HHS refused to allow me to enter this facility and said that it was the Department’s policy that you have to fill out a form, which we had done, but you have to wait 2 weeks before being allowed to enter the facility. The question is, Why do they not want the Senator from Florida to get into this detention facility where there are children who have been separated from their parents? It must be that not only is this Department policy, but this is being directed by the President in the White House. They don’t want me to see it because they don’t want us to know what is going on in there. I have subsequently found out that in addition to those 94 children, there are 174 children being held in my State of Florida who have been separated from their families. This is the current de-bate: Children have been ripped apart from their moms and dads, and it has always been an American value to keep families together, even when you are adjudicating the lawful or unlawful status of the parents. You always keep those children together on an immigra-tion question, yet President Trump has now altered that policy. Despite all the finger-pointing and the deflection, President Trump and his administration know this is their policy; he doubled down on it last night. But there is nothing in the law that requires them to tear parents away from their children. There is nothing in the law that requires the administration to rip an infant from a parent’s arms, some young enough still to be nursing. The decision to enact this quite hor-rendous and shameful policy was a de-cision by this administration—and this administration alone. That is why this Senator went to Miami yesterday. I wanted to see it for myself. I wanted to see: Is the facility clean? Are the chil-dren sleeping in beds? Are they sleep-ing on the floor? Do they have ade-quate care? If they were, I could report that it was a good news story. I also wanted to be able to talk to the young children, the ones who had been separated. I had already gotten word from Senator VANHOLLEN , who had been in Texas on Saturday and met a mom who said that her child had been separated from her and that child was in a detention facility in Florida. I wanted to see that child. I am very proud of all of our col-leagues who have come together to support legislation to keep these fami-lies together, and 49 of us on this side of the aisle have signed on as cospon-sors. The policy of this legislation is simply this: Don’t separate families in this question of immigration. It would prohibit the separation of those fami-lies. That has been the policy, and all the President would have to do is to say it, but in taking the position he has, maybe the only recourse is for us to pass this law. I am proud of our colleagues on that side of the aisle who have rightfully stood up and publicly condemned this practice because every American knows that taking children from their parents is just not right. If a family is legitimately fleeing violence, repres-sion, and conditions that most of us cannot imagine, they have a right under American law to present them-selves at the border and ask for asy-lum. Past administrations of both par-ties have recognized this, which is why they acted with compassion and re-fused to do what the Trump adminis-tration is doing now. It is certainly time that we return to our true Amer-ican value of keeping families to-gether. Because the passage of a statute is a long shot, it is really not up to us. It is up to the President. He could say it, and it would be done. No matter what we do here in this Chamber, the power to end this shameful chapter in our Na-tion’s history lies with the President and his pen. He can sign an Executive order today, just as easily as he can sign a law that we pass here in Con-gress. Either way, it is up to him. He doesn’t need Congress to act. He and he alone is allowing this shameful prac-tice to continue, and he alone can stop it right now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, I first want to respond to something that was said a moment ago. It is not he and he alone who can solve it. Congress is, in fact, the policymaking body within the Federal Government. We are the law-making body within the Federal Gov-ernment. We can make changes to the law, and we can’t lose sight of that fact. f 
MOTION TO DISCHARGE—H.R. 3 Mr. LEE. Madam President, pursuant to title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974, I have a discharge petition at the desk and move to discharge from the Senate Committees on Appropriations and Budget H.R. 3, to rescind certain budg-et authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to section 1017(b) of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974, there will now be up to 1 hour of debate on the motion to discharge, equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees. Who yields time? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, over the next 10 years, our national debt is set to balloon from $21.16 trillion today to more than $33.9 trillion in 2028. With interest rates set to increase, the payments on the debt will also likely double over the next 10 years as a percentage of total economic output. Consider for a moment the fact we are paying a little more than $300 billion a year to service our debt. It is not that much more than we were paying a cou-ple of decades ago when our national debt was roughly one-fifth, one-sixth of its current size. The only reason our debt service payments are as low as they are today is that our interest rates are at all-time historic lows. Our Treasury yield rates are artificially, historically, aberrationally, severely low. The situation gets a lot worse if our artificially, historically low inter-est rates increase or start to return to their historical averages at a pace quicker than has been projected, as is easily possible. For example, if interest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.003 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4258 June 20, 2018 
rates were to return just to historical norms—I am not talking about a re-bound above the historical average, just a rebound to historical norms— taxpayers would soon be drowning in trillion-dollar annual interest pay-ments just for the interest on our debt, which means just the difference be-tween what we are paying in our debt service payment now and what we would be paying then, possibly a few short years from now. It is more than we spend on the Department of De-fense. This is really frightening, and this is why it is such welcome news that there is some movement on this front. That is why it is such welcome news that on May 8 President Trump sent to Congress a request to rescind $15.4 bil-lion worth of extraneous spending. This is something Congress used to do all the time. This is something that in decades past would occur dozens, even scores of times, during a single Presi-dential administration, and it was a bi-partisan matter, of course. Returning unused taxpayer money isn’t just good government; in a republic, it should be expected, and it should be the norm. In 1981, President Reagan and a divided Congress rescinded more than $15 bil-lion in Federal spending and another $16 billion in 1985 and 1986. President Clinton made three rescission requests in 2000, totaling $128 million. Now we have the chance to take up the mantle again. President Trump’s specific proposals draw back unused funds from expired programs, obsolete programs, and accounts that the Con-gressional Budget Office says are wild-ly, needlessly overfunded. In fact, ac-cording to CBO, none of the funds in the requested rescissions would alter current Federal programs in any way. For instance, CBO has certified that the $7 billion CHIP rescission would not affect either outlays or the number of Americans with health insurance. And I should note that Congress has re-scinded CHIP funding in every enacted Labor-HHS appropriations bill since 2011, more than $50 billion in total dur-ing that time period. The spending targeted for rescission is either expired or rendered unattain-able by current eligibility require-ments. The $15 billion is just sitting, unused, in agency accounts. So how does it help to cut spending if this money is just sitting there? This is the real sticking point, for Congress has this cute little habit of paying for new spending by raiding these unused funds. It is a budgetary trick, a gim-mick, if you will. The money may not be used this year, but it can be recy-cled into budget gimmicks in future years. Rescinding it now takes the $15 billion out of circulation for those kinds of shenanigans in the not-too- distant future, and, of course, that is the real reason why it will not pass unanimously. Now, to its credit, the House of Rep-resentatives has stepped up. On June 7, the House of Representatives passed its own $14.8 billion rescissions package. Now it is our chance. Now we have the opportunity to do the same. This is the Senate’s chance to show the American people that we retain some modicum of attention and of seriousness when it comes to the spending habits of the Federal Government and when it comes to fiscal restraint in Washington, DC. Cutting spending that isn’t actually going to be spent may not be a profile in courage, but it is at least a sign of a pulse, and in Washington that is something. That is something impor-tant that we can and we should show today. It is a step toward fiscal respon-sibility and away from the cynicism and the waste that has turned this city into what is known as ‘‘the swamp.’’ In Congress we face a lot of difficult decisions—gut-wrenching, heart- wrenching decisions—but this is not one of them. President Trump’s request is as reasonable as can be imagined. Now, $15 billion may be a drop in the bucket compared to $15 trillion or $21 trillion, but that is a reason to support this legislation, not to oppose it. Con-gress needs to retrain its atrophied muscles in preparation for the far larg-er tasks that lie ahead. If we do not find the will—if we can’t somehow muster the willpower nec-essary to reduce Federal spending our-selves now, long before the laws of mathematics and economics force us to do so—we will regret it. If we wait until those laws catch up with us, it will be a whole lot more painful later than it will be if we start making more modest adjustments now. Every day that passes without action represents more of our national debt being thrown onto our children’s backs—another line item on the fiscal indictment that we are writing, how-ever unwittingly or unknowingly, against ourselves. We have to change course. This bill provides us with a good chance to take one small step toward sanity. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of the motion to discharge. 
DISCHARGE PETITION —H.R. 3 We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with title 10 of the Congressional Budg-et and Impoundment Act of 1974, hereby di-rect that the Senate Committees on Appro-priations and Budget be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 3, a bill to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be re-scinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congres-sional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974. Mike Lee, Patick J. Toomey, Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, David Perdue, Jeff Flake, Joni Ernst, Ron Johnson, John Ken-nedy, Marco Rubio, Thom Tillis, Steve Daines, Mike Rounds, John Cornyn, Ben Sasse, James Lankford, Tom Cot-ton, John Barrasso, Mike Crapo, James Risch. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I have been in the Senate long enough to think that maybe the Senate can start to go back to being the Senate. A Sen-ate that votes on things and debates things and reflects the will of the peo-ple—not what is dictated from the White House. Perhaps that was wishful thinking on my part, because in just the latest example of the ‘‘cut first and ask questions later’’ policies of the Trump administration, we are now going to vote on a bill that will claw back billions of dollars from children’s health insurance, affordable housing investments, infrastructure, rural de-velopment, and innovative energy pro-grams. This is the same White House that just forced through Congress a $1.9 trillion—not billion, but trillion—tax giveaway, most of which goes to bil-lionaires and corporations. Then, they say we have to cut children’s health in-surance because we have to reduce the deficit. We can give billionaires and corporations $1.9 trillion, but this might increase the deficit. So we have to cut children’s health insurance, af-fordable housing investments, infra-structure, rural development, and inno-vative energy programs. That goes be-yond laughable. It is unconscionable. President Trump is seeking to cut $7 billion from funding for children’s health insurance. If you strip this fund-ing from the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program, we leave children unpro-tected from unforeseen events like a flu outbreak or a natural disaster. This takes away the ability of Con-gress should be able to make critical investments in healthcare and edu-cation. Even if the money can no longer be dedicated to CHIP, we should reinvest it in other important pro-grams as we have done in the past— programs that support our Nation’s children and families. I don’t think there is any Member of this body who, when they are campaigning, doesn’t talk about how important children and their families are to them. I hope those same families will ask them: How much money did you take out from children and families? Earlier this year, the Congress did what they were supposed to. Repub-licans and Democrats came together to direct this funding to the Federal re-sponse to the opioid epidemic, the childcare and development block grants, Head Start, and the National Institutes of Health. These are invest-ments in our country. They are not tax giveaways. They are investments in our country. If you strip this funding, it is penny wise and pound foolish. President Trump wants to claw back billions of dollars from infrastructure programs. I see so many of these photo ops he does, speaking about how we want to have better infrastructure. However, we don’t want to pay for it so we will take the money back. Let’s look at what the money is that he wants to take away. It is programs to do everything from supporting loans to helping factories produce more effi-cient vehicles to building bridges in small communities. These are pro-grams that directly support American jobs. They are not jobs overseas. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.009 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4259 June 20, 2018 
are jobs right here, and now they want to take the money out. For an administration that is perpet-ually in ‘‘infrastructure week,’’ it doesn’t make sense if you are trying to cut funding for infrastructure. How do we put ‘‘America first’’ when you strip funds that support Americans jobs? In a continued push to leave rural America behind, Mr. Trump’s rescis-sion package would cut millions of dol-lars from rural development programs. Every single Senator in this body has rural areas in their State, and they know that these programs help to en-sure that the same basic services are offered in rural areas that we see in urban areas—things that we rely on, like schools or healthcare, for instance, or police stations. Are we saying that only urban areas can have that but rural areas can’t? In the Appropriations Committee, Senator S
HELBY and I have been fo-cused on moving forward through the fiscal year 2019 process. We are trying to return the committee to regular order—something that most Repub-licans and Democrats in this body say they want. We have successfully kept poison pill riders and controversial au-thorizing language out of the appro-priations bills, whichever side of the aisle they came from, and we passed, by an overwhelming margin, seven bi-partisan bills out of our committee. It has been years since we have seen that happen. Here we have seven bipar-tisan appropriations bills come out of committee, and almost all Republicans and all Democrats voted for them. Even with the Interior appropriations bill—that is a bill that has been his-torically bogged down with poison pill riders and usually forced into a mas-sive omnibus appropriations bill be-cause we could not reach an agree-ment. In the past we had to put it in an omnibus bill because we couldn’t agree on it—guess what happened. We passed it out of committee unanimously. I don’t recall that happening in nearly a decade. Now, if we go forward with this re-scission package, it is going to derail the process. The rescission bill undermines the bi-partisan budget deal that Republicans and Democrats struck just four months ago. If we go forward with this package, another will fall, and another, and an-other, even further undermining the agreement. I will remind everybody that if they haven’t gotten around to reading the Constitution, it does grant Congress the power of the purse, not the execu-tive branch. Congress decides spending priorities, not the President. We ought to actually do our job. We should exer-cise our right. We should reject this re-scissions package. We should uphold the bicameral, bipartisan budget agree-ment. So I urge all Senators to reject this rescissions package and to oppose the motion to discharge. Madam President, I don’t see any other Senator seeking the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TAX REFORM  
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise in celebration of the 6-month anniver-sary of passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I know there were a lot of re-marks about the benefits of tax cuts right out of the gate, but many of the benefits from the reform of the old, broken, and outdated Tax Code will ac-cumulate over the long run. I rise to talk about some of the bene-fits from the new Tax Code that can be witnessed by hard-working families right now. For example, the typical family of four making the median fam-ily income of around $75,000 a year is right in the middle of the first year of our cuts. Those typical families are going to see their taxes cut by more than half. We also doubled the child tax credit and expanded its refundability to ben-efit more working families. The Tax Code also makes filing taxes easier and more straightforward for the typical middle-class family. That is because the standard deduction was nearly dou-bled. Taken all together, provisions like these are the reason the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation found that the overall distribution of the new tax bill is directed toward the middle class. This is happening everywhere. Take my home State of Utah, for ex-ample. According to some recent num-bers from the Tax Foundation, citizens of Utah can expect, on average, a tax cut of nearly $1,500, or 2.4 percent of their income. Take advantage of those hundreds of dollars and start paying off your car a little sooner. Maybe go out to see a baseball game or take your family on a road trip to see some of the beautiful national parks around our country and especially throughout the State of Utah. All of those things are now that much more possible because of our tax reform. Those direct tax cuts are just a part of the larger picture ushered in by tax reform. More broadly, tax reform has provided a shot in the arm to a long- ailing economy. After cutting the cor-porate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, businesses have been able to reinvest, build new facilities, hire new workers, and start innovating now more than ever. Recent polls by the National Associa-tion of Manufacturers, the Business Roundtable, Gallup, and the National Federation of Businesses show that op-timism, and plans to expand hiring and growth for businesses of all sorts and sizes are at alltime highs. This opti-mism, along with lower costs of in-creasing investments and doing busi-ness, has already started to result in real changes for the middle class. Take, for example, the list of more than 100 different utility companies that have cut their rates across the country. According to one compilation, the American people are on track to pocket more than $2.8 billion just this year off those savings. Some might also argue that this is a normal period of expansion and growth in the economy. As one journalist re-cently noted, tax reform has poured ‘‘jet fuel’’ on a growing economy. According to the most recent reports in June, the total number of workers receiving unemployment benefits is running at the lowest levels in 44 years, and that is just in terms of num-bers of people drawing unemployment benefits, not even taking into account the massive population growth since December 1973. For the first time since record-keep-ing began in 2000, the number of avail-able positions exceeded the number of job seekers, according to the informa-tion from the Department of Labor. This is just the initial boost. I tend to think positive economic outcomes are most often created by hard work and good policy, like our tax reform pack-age. That is why activity in the labor market has been especially robust, with more than 1 million jobs already created in this year alone. That is why wage growth has been trending upward, and that is why business investment has been robust. More Americans now have access to more of their own hard- earned money. As Republicans pre-dicted, we are already seeing the mid-dle class and the economy generally benefit. Mark my words, there is a lot more growth we should anticipate coming down the pike as more and more people start to realize how much tax reform actually does, and will, affect their families, their businesses, their com-munities, and our country as a whole. As business investment and produc-tivity pick up due to higher expected aftertax returns from investment, wage growth, too, will continue to pick up. All told, these changes are creating a paradigm shift. More than ever before, Americans can expect things to be bet-ter tomorrow than they are today. Personally, I am more excited than ever for my great-grandchildren, my grandchildren, and my children. I am grateful to everyone who has made this possible. After all, major tax reform like this is truly a once-in-a-genera-tion opportunity for all of us. Just 6 months in, we have seen so many positive results from the tax re-form that the list is too long to cover in just one speech. Make no mistake, the list of positives from tax reform for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.011 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4260 June 20, 2018 
American families and businesses will continue to grow larger and longer. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Tennessee. 
TARIFFS  
Mr. CORKER. Madam President, I rise to talk about the abuse of author-ity that is taking place with the ad-ministration’s use of section 232 of the Trade Act to implement taxes on the American people. Let me say this one more time. The President, and the ad-ministration, abusing section 232 of the Trade Act, have decided on their own accord to tax the American people. They have put in place a 25-percent tariff on steel and aluminum and are getting ready to do so on some other products. Yet, this is Congress’s re-sponsibility—Congress’s responsi-bility—to generate tariffs or deal with taxes. The administration, by citing section 232—a national security issue—is tax-ing goods coming into America from Canada, from Europe, and our allies on a national security basis. Today I wrote a letter to Secretary Ross, our Secretary of Commerce, be-cause it is my understanding—actu-ally, today, in a hearing with the Fi-nance Committee, he said there were 22,506 requests from companies in the United States asking for exclusions— exclusions—from being taxed for goods that come in to support their compa-nies. I will say to my friends here, on what basis do we think these exclusions might be granted? We have already had an abuse of authority in using 232. I guess my question to Secretary Ross is, on what basis is he going to be granting these exclusions? Are they going to be friends of the administra-tion who get exclusions? Are they going to deny exclusions to opponents of the administration or are they going to use the national security reason, if you will, to grant exclusions? I want to say, again, I think this is our responsibility. I realize that when additional tariffs go in place in July— when these other countries retaliate, which is their plan on July 1—my guess is this issue may become more ripe for action, not unlike what is happening at the border right now where people are seeing what is occurring and action is being promoted to solve the problem. I think, once the tariffs by these other companies kick in against us on July 1—because we, in a most unusual way, the administration citing national se-curity against Canada, Mexico, many of our NATO allies and the European Union—I think this issue is going to become ripe. I think it is going to be-come ripe for Senate action and House action. Again, I will ask people in this room, knowing they cited 232, which again is an abuse of that authority, are we com-fortable with the criteria that the ad-ministration is going to be using on the 22,000—actually, let me see here. Maybe that is a low number. It is 26,977 issues that have been dealt with, but 22,506 exclusions have been asked for. In other words, we have companies that are coming to the administration which is abusing its authority. We have companies that are going to the admin-istration, asking that they not be im-pacted by the taxes that are being placed on their companies, unilaterally by this administration, with no con-gressional input. I say to my colleagues, do we not want to know on what basis they uni-laterally are going to decide not to tax certain companies? In other words, most companies are being taxed 25 per-cent. They just decided to do that themselves. Yet they are going to grant exclusions. I think this issue is going to wreak havoc on our country. It already is wreaking havoc on our relationships with friends that have been with us for many years in defense that have to come our aid, and we have come to their aid. We have had alliances. Again, I challenge the Senate to take action on this. There is an amendment that is broadly supported by people on both sides of the aisle, with a wide range of ideology, that would say, if we are going to invoke 232, a national se-curity section, we would vote on that. My sense is, as this moves along, peo-ple are going to want to vote on that, and I look forward to that day occur-ring. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise to address the issue that I know folks in both parties of both Houses, and, of course, across the country, are con-cerned about; that is, the issue of child separation at the border. This is, unfortunately, an issue that because there is so much outrage, there is, in fact, substantial unity against the policy that is in place right now. I am, like a lot of Americans, vehe-mently opposed to the policy of what, in essence, amounts to ripping children away from their parents. I, like a lot of Americans, have demanded that the President and his administration end this cruel policy immediately. We are hearing some reports that there may be an action taken. I don’t know what that action will be, but I hope it is an action that will end the policy. Until we know that, we have to continue to urge the President to do the right thing. Earlier this week, the Department of Homeland Security released data show-ing that between May 5 and June 9— just a little more than a month—2,342 children were taken from their parents at the border. That is about 70 children per day taken from their parents. I have received thousands of emails, letters, and phone calls from concerned Pennsylvanians who are demanding an immediate end to the policy. I never imagined that I would have to stand here today, nor should anyone, to talk about a scenario where the U.S. Gov-ernment is separating children from their parents at the border. That seems incomprehensible that would ever hap-pen, but it has. I am reading part of a statement that reads as follows: Our government is forcibly separating chil-dren—including toddlers—from their parents and sending them to detention facilities as a means of sending a message and influencing Congress. 
That was a statement not made by a Democratic Senator or a Democratic House Member or a Republican or any politician; that was part of a larger statement made by Thomas Donahue, the president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—not someone who is very often lined up on the same side as Democratic Senators. I think that is an understatement. To say this policy is cruel, inhumane, and an insult to the values of our Na-tion is to utter an understatement. This is a policy that is straight from the pit of hell, and there is probably worse that we could say about it. It is hard to comprehend that any adminis-tration at any time would propose, let alone implement, a policy that would result in children being separated from their parents. Unlike what the administration has tried to argue, this is not about fol-lowing the law or securing the border. Neither of those statements is relevant here. This is a conscious decision by this administration, which is contrary to the decisions by the last two admin-istrations—one a Republican adminis-tration, the other a Democratic admin-istration—that decided not to separate children from their parents. Unfortu-nately, this administration decided to do just that. Many people have heard the state-ments attributed to the American Academy of Pediatrics. There were sev-eral different folks who were quoted on this, depending on which medical orga-nizations they belonged to. One of the most compelling state-ments was by Dr. Colleen Kraft, the president of the American Academy of Pediatrics. She is obviously an expert about children and is from an expert organization. Dr. Kraft visited a chil-dren’s immigration detention facility in Texas earlier this month. She called what she saw there, in the systemic separation of children from their par-ents, ‘‘a form of child abuse.’’ Accord-ing to Dr. Kraft, once young children are separated from their caregivers or parents, they are likely to develop toxic stress in their brains. The toxic stress disrupts children’s brain devel-opment and increases levels of flight- or-fight hormones in their bodies. This kind of emotional trauma could even-tually lead to children having health problems, such as heart disease and substance abuse disorders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.013 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4261 June 20, 2018 
There is well-documented scientific evidence of the long-lasting harm that policies like this have on children. In the Washington Post yesterday, in an article entitled ‘‘What Separation from Parents Does to Children,’’ a professor of pediatrics at Harvard Medical School, Dr. Charles Nelson, said: 
The effect is catastrophic. There’s so much research on this that if people paid attention at all to the science, they would never do this. 
It goes on and on and on. I could quote more detail for a long time about what he has said and about what other experts have said, but we don’t have time today. Suffice it to say the re-search that shows the damage that is done to children when they are forcibly separated from their parents explains why more than 9,000 mental health pro-fessionals and 172 organizations signed a petition to urge the President to end the policy of separating families. In this petition, the mental health profes-sionals wrote: 
From decades of research and direct clin-ical experience, we know that the impact of disrupted attachment manifests not only in overwhelming fear and panic at the time of separation, but that there is a strong likeli-hood that these children’s behavioral, psy-chological, interpersonal, and cognitive tra-jectories will also be affected. The National Child Traumatic Stress Network notes that children may develop post traumatic re-sponses following separation from their par-ents and specifically lists immigration and parental deportation as situations of poten-tially traumatic separation. To pretend that separated children do not grow up with the shrapnel of this traumatic experience embed-ded in their minds is to disregard everything we know about child development, the brain, and trauma. 
That is from the petition that was signed by mental health professionals across the country—9,000 of them. Those professionals and the profes-sionals at the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American College of Physicians, and the American Psy-chiatric Association have also issued statements against the policy. To-gether, these organizations represent more than 250,000 doctors across the country. To support this policy, you would have to assert that a quarter of a million doctors in the United States of America are somehow wrong and that you know better. If we were to ask the administration, ‘‘Before you put this policy in place, did you talk to the American Academy of Pediatrics? Did you talk to child psychologists? Did you talk to the American College of Physicians or other professionals who know some-thing about children and trauma and long-term damage to their brains and to their development?’’ I am afraid the answer to that question would be no. Yet I await the answer from the admin-istration. I hope the answer will be yes. I have more here, but I know we have to go, so I will not use all of it. Over the next couple of hours and days, we have to keep insisting that the admin-istration take action to end this policy today, which it could—which the Presi-dent could, which the Attorney Gen-eral could. I realize that sometimes here in Washington, people say: Do something right now. Take action today. Take action this week or this month. Yet, in this case, today mat-ters; hours matter; days matter in the lives of those children—more than 2,300 or more, and the projections are just going through the roof about what will happen over the next couple of weeks and month. Ending the policy today and reunit-ing child and parent matters a lot be-cause every day that goes by makes it worse for that child. Unfortunately, for some children, it might be too late. That traumatic event and the aftereffects—the hours and the days and even weeks now that they have been separated—might result in perma-nent damage. I hope I am wrong about this, but days matter here, and even hours matter. We are hoping that the administra-tion will reverse course on a policy—I will say again and keep saying—that is straight from the pit of hell. It should end today. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Madam President, our na-tional debt stands at about $21 trillion. The interest costs on this alone are more than $300 billion every single year. That is money that can’t go to-ward shoring up our national defense or shoring up Social Security or Medi-care or some other Federal program. That is money that goes to our credi-tors. Now, it has to, but the scary part is that that is just a drop in the bucket compared to what it could be just a few years from now. The only reason it is even this low is that our Treasury yield rates—the rates at which we pay interest on our national debt—are at an alltime, historic low. As soon as they return to their historic averages, we will see that interest payment in-crease manyfold. If we wait until that moment arrives, this will be a very dif-ficult process not just for the Federal Government, not just for Congress, but for the entire country. It is time for us to start taking grad-ual steps in the right direction now. This opportunity—this rescissions package that has been proposed by the President—provides us with a meaning-ful step in that direction. I applaud President Trump for proposing these rescissions. It is time for Congress to get back in the practice of taking these things up, of considering them, and of passing them. I respectfully urge all of my col-leagues to vote for this measure. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion to discharge. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 50, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 134 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Capito Cassidy Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Jones Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Smith Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
McCain Shaheen 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—Continued 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the humanitarian crisis that is at our southern border right now. We are living through a mo-ment in history when we are literally sending babies and toddlers into deten-tion camps. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.015 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4262 June 20, 2018 
Think about that. Think about what I just said. Our Federal Government is sending babies and toddlers to deten-tion camps. This is immoral. It is wrong. The AP broke a story last night that left me speechless, and I want the de-tails of this horror recorded and docu-mented in the official Senate R
ECORD  so Americans years from now will look back on us and will see how wrong we were. I will read this article from the Asso-ciated Press, called ‘‘Youngest Mi-grants Held in ‘Tender Age’ Shelters.’’ It is by Garance Burke and Martha Mendoza. 
Trump administration officials have been sending babies and other young children forcibly separated from their parents at the U.S.-Mexico border to at least three ‘‘tender age’’ shelters in South Texas, the Associated Press has learned. Lawyers and medical providers who have visited the Rio Grande Valley shelters de-scribed play rooms of crying preschool-age children in crisis. The government also plans to open a fourth shelter to house hundreds of young migrant children in Houston, where city leaders denounced the move Tuesday. Since the White House announced its zero tolerance policy in early May, more than 23,000 children have been taken from their parents at the U.S.-Mexico border, resulting in a new influx of young children requiring government care. The government has faced withering critiques over images of some of the children in cages inside U.S. Border Pa-trol processing stations. Decades after the nation’s child welfare system ended the use of orphanages over concerns about the lasting trauma to chil-dren, the administration is starting up new institutions to hold Central American tod-dlers that the government separated from their parents. ‘‘The thought that they are going to be putting such little kids in an institutional setting? I mean it is hard for me even to wrap my mind around it,’’ said Kay Bellor, vice president for programs at Lutheran Im-migration and Refugee Service, which pro-vides foster care and other child welfare services to migrant children. ‘‘Toddlers are being detained.’’ Bellor said shelters follow strict proce-dures surrounding who can gain access to the children in order to protect their safety, but that means information about their welfare can be limited. By law, child migrants traveling alone must be sent to facilities run by the U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Services within three days of being detained. The agency then is responsible for placing the children in shelters or foster homes until they are united with a relative or sponsor in the community as they await immigration court hearings. But U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ announcement last month that the govern-ment would criminally prosecute everyone who crosses the U.S.-Mexico border illegally has led to the breakup of migrant families and sent a new group of hundreds of young children into the government’s care. The United Nations, some Democratic and Republican lawmakers and religious groups have sharply criticized the policy, calling it inhumane. Not so, said Steven Wagner, an official with the Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘We have specialized facilities that are de-voted to providing care to children with spe-cial needs and tender age children as we de-fine as under 13 would fall into that cat-egory,’’ he said. ‘‘They’re not government fa-cilities per se, and they have very well- trained clinicians, and those facilities meet state licensing standards for child welfare agencies, and they’re staffed by people who know how to deal with the needs—particu-larly of the younger children.’’ Until now, however, it’s been unknown where they are. ‘‘In general we do not identify the loca-tions of permanent unaccompanied alien children program facilities,’’ said agency spokesman Kenneth Wolfe. The three centers—in Combes, Raymondville, and Brownsville—have been rapidly repurposed to serve needs of children including some under 5. A fourth, planned for Houston, would house up to 240 children in a warehouse previously used for people dis-placed by Hurricane Harvey, Mayor Syl-vester Turner said. Turner said he met with officials from Aus-tin-based Southwest Key Programs, the con-tractor that operates some of the child shel-ters, to ask them to reconsider their plans. A spokeswoman for Southwest Key didn’t im-mediately reply to an email seeking com-ment. ‘‘And so there comes a point in time we draw a line, and for me, the line is with these children,’’ Turner said during a news con-ference Tuesday. On a practical level, the zero tolerance pol-icy has overwhelmed the federal agency charged with caring for the new influx of children who tend to be much younger than teens who typically have been traveling to the U.S. alone. Indeed some recent detainees are infants, taken from their mothers. Doctors and lawyers who have visited the shelter said the facilities were fine, clean and safe, but the kids—who have no idea where their parents are—were hysterical, crying, and acting out. ‘‘The shelters aren’t the problem, it’s tak-ing kids from their parents that’s the prob-lem,’’ said South Texas pediatrician Marsha Griffin who has visited many. Alicia Lieberman, who runs the Early Trauma Treatment Network at the Univer-sity of California, San Francisco, said dec-ades of study show early separations can cause permanent emotional damage. ‘‘Children are biologically programmed to grow best in the care of a parent figure. When that bond is broken through long and unexpected separations with no set timeline for reunion, children respond at the deepest psychological and emotional levels,’’ she said. ‘‘Their fear triggers a flood of stress hormones that disrupt neural circuits in the brain, create high levels of anxiety, make them more susceptible to physical and emo-tional illness, and damage their capacity to manage their emotions, trust people, and focus their attention on age-appropriate ac-tivities.’’ Days after Sessions announced the zero- tolerance policy, the government issued a call for proposals from shelter and foster care providers to provide services for the new influx of children taken from their families after journeying from Honduras, El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and Mexico. As children are separated from their fami-lies, law enforcement agents reclassify them from members of family units to ‘‘unaccom-panied alien children.’’ Federal officials said Tuesday that since May, they have separated 2,342 children from their families, rendering them unaccompanied minors in the govern-ment’s care. While Mexico is still the most common country of origin for families arrested at the border, in the last eight months, Honduras has become the fastest-growing category as compared to fiscal year 2017. During a press briefing [on] Tuesday, re-porters repeatedly asked for an age break-down of the children who have been taken. Officials from both law enforcement and Health and Human Services said they didn’t know how many children were under 5, under 2, or even so little they’re non-verbal. ‘‘The facilities that they have for the most part are not licensed for tender age chil-dren,’’ said Michelle Brane, director of mi-grant rights at the Women’s Refugee Com-mission, who met with a 4-year-old girl in diapers in a McAllen warehouse where Bor-der Patrol temporarily holds migrant fami-lies. ‘‘There is no model for how you house tons of little children in cots institutionally in our country. We don’t do orphanages, our child welfare has recognized that is an inap-propriate setting for little children.’’ So now, the government has to try to hire more caregivers. The recent call for pro-posals by the federal government’s Office of Refugee Resettlement said it was seeking ap-plicants who can provide services for a di-verse population ‘‘of all ages and genders, as well as pregnant and parenting teens.’’ Even the policy surrounding what age to take away a baby is inconsistent. Customs and Border Protection field chiefs over all nine southwest border districts can use their discretion over how young is too young, offi-cials said. And while Health and Human Services defines ‘‘tender age’’ typically as 12 and under, Customs and Border Protection has at times defined it as 5 and under. For 30 years, Los Fresnos, Texas-based International Education Services ran emer-gency shelters and foster care programs for younger children and pregnant teens who ar-rived in the U.S. as unaccompanied minors. At least one resident sued for the right to have an abortion in a high-profile case last March. For reasons the agency did not explain, three months ago the government’s refugee resettlement office said it was ending its funding to the program and transferring all children to other facilities. This came weeks before the administration began its ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy, prompting a surge in ‘‘tender age’’ migrant children needing shel-ter. In recent days, members of Congress have been visiting the shelters and processing cen-ters, or watching news reports about them, bearing witness to the growing chaos. In a letter sent to Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday, a dozen Republican senators wrote that separating families isn’t con-sistent with American values and ordinary human decency. On Tuesday, a Guatemalan mother who hasn’t seen her 7-year-old son since he was taken from her a month ago sued the Trump administration. Beata Mariana de Jesus Mejia-Mejia was released from custody while her asylum case is pending and thinks her son, Darwin, might be in a shelter in Ari-zona. ‘‘I only got to talk to him once and he sounded so sad. My son never used to sound like that, he was such a dynamic boy,’’ Mejia-Mejia said as she wept. ‘‘I call and call, and no one will tell me where he is.’’ 
The Presiding Officer has young chil-dren. I have young children. I am cer-tain he cannot imagine how horrific it would be for him to give up his child 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:20 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.017 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4263 June 20, 2018 
into the hands of those he does not know and then not know where they will take him or her. I am certain he can’t imagine that pain and horror. This body should not allow it. We should stand against it. It is morally wrong. It is outrageous, and it must end. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, 6 months ago, Congress passed historic tax legislation that fundamentally re-formed our Tax Code and provided tax relief to middle-income Americans and also to small business job creators. At the time, many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle attempted to derail our efforts through a cam-paign of misinformation and dema-goguery. They tried to argue that up was down and that tax cuts were tax increases. They even suggested the bill’s passage was a sign of Armaged-don. Of course, such fearmongering was always nonsense. At the time, analysis from the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation had made it clear that the vast majority of taxpayers across every income group would experience tax cuts. In fact, it made clear that middle- income groups would experience the largest percentage of tax cuts. In even looking at the liberal Tax Policy Cen-ter’s analysis of the bill, the tax relief for the middle class is unmistakable. Its analysis found that more than 80 percent would experience tax cuts that would average more than $2,100. In the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we made good on our commitment to fix our broken Tax Code. It makes filing simpler, provides middle-income tax cuts, and reinvigorates our economy through pro-growth business tax re-forms. The positive effects of the tax cuts began almost immediately with compa-nies announcing bonuses, pay raises, higher retirement contributions, new hiring, and increased investment as a result of the law. To date, the list of such companies has climbed to over 600, with there being more than 4 mil-lion employees who are benefiting. This has included a number of busi-nesses in my State of Iowa, which range from the small, like the Anfinson Farm Store, which has invested back into its employees in the form of $1,000 bonuses and a 5-percent increase in wages, to the very large, like Wells Fargo, which has raised its base wage from $13.50 to $15 per hour and bene-fited more than 1,300 employees. Higher wages and bonuses are not the only ways that taxpayers are bene-fiting from the historic tax relief. Taxpayers across the country are seeing the benefit in the form of lower electric, gas, and water bills. Nation-ally, utility customers have experi-enced more than $3 billion in savings thanks to lower utility rates as a re-sult of tax cuts. In my State of Iowa, Alliant Energy has estimated its customer savings to be between $18.6 million and $19.6 mil-lion for electric and from $500,000 to $3.7 million for gas. MidAmerican En-ergy has estimated between $90 million and $112 million in customer savings, and Iowa American Water Company has estimated customer savings to be between $1.5 million and $1.8 million. The hundreds of businesses and util-ity company announcements were only the beginning of the positive news for American taxpayers. In February, tax-payers began seeing the effects of tax reform directly in their paychecks as less was taken out of their pay by the IRS. In all, about 90 percent of tax-payers are seeing less being withheld from their paychecks as a result of the law. As it became evident that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was delivering meaningful benefits to working fami-lies, our Democratic colleagues were in search of new talking points on the law, considering the fact that their old talking points were not working. They could no longer, with a straight face, argue that tax cuts were really tax in-creases. Instead, they wanted hard- working Americans to believe that an extra $50 a week in their paychecks or a $1,000 bonus was ‘‘crumbs.’’ With all due respect to my colleagues who believe that this is true, they don’t have a doggone clue what it is like in the real world where people have to work for a living. That $1,000 bonus means a lot for a father or a mother whose children need new school clothes or who has a car that could use some repairs or who, simply, wants to take the family on a vacation. For a family on a tight budget, every addi-tional dollar in a paycheck really counts. It means an additional dollar that can be put away for unexpected emergencies or for a child’s college savings or, maybe, even for one’s own retirement. As important as the immediate mid-dle-income tax benefits are that have been afforded by the law, the benefits that will accrue for everybody in this country as a result of the long-term, pro-growth effects of the bill are as im-portant, if maybe not more important. Thanks to this historic tax measure, as well as to regulatory relief, Congress and the administration have declared that America is open for business. When Congress delivers historic tax cuts and, particularly, regulatory rollbacks, the American people enjoy the sweet taste of prosperity. That is how the cookie crumbles. Despite critics in this town calling the tax cuts crumbs, I would invite them to chew on a few facts: National unemployment has fallen to 3.8 per-cent—the lowest level since April 2000. Wages have risen at the fastest pace since the end of the recession. For the first time on record, the number of job openings has exceeded the number of job seekers. U.S. manufacturers report historically high investment and hiring numbers as 86 percent report they in-tend to increase investment, and 77 percent report they plan to increase hiring. Small business confidence has hit record highs. Consumer confidence has reached its highest level in 18 years. All of this good economic news points toward higher economic growth moving forward. This is key to sustain-able long-term wage growth, which is the most powerful anti-poverty meas-ure there is. This should be welcome news to all after the years of stagnant wage growth during the Obama years. With all of this positive news, Demo-crats have been searching for a talking point that they hope will take hold. They are looking for a big distraction from the prosperity that results from this tax bill. Toward that end, they have lambasted corporate stock buybacks. Their hope is that the Amer-ican public will disregard all the posi-tive signs they have seen in their pay-checks and in the economy generally and be outraged by the benefits accru-ing to stockholders—more class war-fare on their part versus the compas-sion and social justice that this tax re-form brings about. It is a play out of their old playbook, in other words. When all else fails, engage in the his-toric rhetoric of class warfare. But I have news for some of my Democratic colleagues: That dog no longer hunts either. Millions of middle-class Ameri-cans own stock—if not directly, through their 401(k) or pension plan. According to the Tax Policy Center, 37 percent of stock is held in retirement accounts. Thus, the idea of stock buybacks being a boon only to cor-porate fat cats is hogwash. It is a boon to the millions of middle-class Ameri-cans who are longing for secure and comfortable retirements. Moreover, the Democrats’ concerns with stock buybacks demonstrate a fundamental misunderstanding of eco-nomics. Stock buybacks are fully con-sistent with one of the main objectives of tax reform; that is, promoting eco-nomic growth through capital forma-tion that makes workers more produc-tive, which in turn leads to increased wages. When a company repurchases stock, that money is not stuffed into a mattress; it frees up dollars that can be reinvested in a growing economy or maybe a new startup small business. This in turn promotes the type of busi-ness expansion and capital investment necessary to grow our economy, boost productivity, and increase wages over the long term. Although the economic landscape looks more promising than ever, there is more work to do. Those of us from Iowa are particularly focused on trade agreements and renewable energy poli-cies that impact our home State. So I hope overall that our colleagues across the aisle will finally put an end to their tired attacks on the tax bill and begin working with us to promote further economic growth that has al-ready started at a high level as a result of this tax bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.018 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4264 June 20, 2018 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I want to join my friend, the Senator from Iowa, Senator G
RASSLEY , and talk about what has happened with the tax bill— the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as the President insisted it be called because that is exactly what it was to do. It has been 6 months since it was signed into law, and it is clear that the country is thinking differently about the future. It is clear that there is more confidence in our economy than there has been in past years. It is also clear, frankly, that a lot of that con-fidence began after the last election and was reinforced by commonsense regulation instead of out-of-control regulation. The tax bill, on top of that, as it turns out, is doing the things those of us who voted for it said it would do and does not do the things people who were against it said were going to happen. I remember that nobody was going to get a tax cut—only to find out that 9 out of 10 people who paid income tax last year are paying less income tax this year. This week, the Gallup poll organiza-tion found that the percentage of Americans who are satisfied with the direction of the economy is the highest it has been in almost 15 years. In May, small business optimism in-creased among small business owners to the second highest level in the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-ness survey’s 45-year history. In fact, there were several records that were broken in May. Compensation in-creases hit a 45-year high. Positive sales trends reached the highest level since 1995—over 20 years ago. Expan-sion plans were more robust than they had been at any time in the survey’s history. That set a record as well. The combination of lower taxes and full expensing of new and used equip-ment has created an additional cash flow incentive that is making a dif-ference. As of this month, 1 million new jobs have been created since the passage of the tax cut bill. In the last year, Mis-souri—my State—added nearly 35,000 jobs, and more than 4,000 Missourians who were unemployed just found jobs. Nationwide there are more job open-ings than people looking for work. In the 20 years that those two things have been measured at the same time—how many people are looking for work and how many job openings there are—it is the first time in 20 years that there were more jobs available than people looking for work. I said a number of times on the floor as we debated the tax bill that there are two ways to increase people’s take- home pay. One is to take less money out of the check they already get. Nine out of ten Americans who paid income taxes last year found that has hap-pened for them. No. 2 is to be sure we have better jobs to start with, have an economy where people are competing to get workers and competing to keep workers. As businesses try to attract new em-ployees, they are setting new, higher minimum entry-level skills and min-imum job compensation than they have had before. The National Federation of Independent Business found that 35 percent of all small business owners re-ported increases in their labor com-pensation. One out of three NFIB em-ployers says they are paying more now than they were 1 year ago. In addition, the report found that nearly 60 percent of respondents are hiring or trying to hire. When 60 per-cent of the respondents to a survey are trying to hire, that is pretty good news. It is good news for the economy, but it is also good news for people out there trying to get hired. If you are in an economy where lots of people are looking for workers, you are in a lot better place than if you are in an econ-omy where only a few people are look-ing for workers. We need to make sure we have a skills and training match that gets people into those better jobs that are out there. I was all over our State a couple of weeks ago, in 10 different cit-ies over 3 days attending business roundtables and going to manufac-turing locations. In my hometown of Springfield, one manufacturing loca-tion had 20 available jobs right then. Other people were telling me that they have hired people back whom they had fired in the past, and the approach was: If you want a second chance, I know you know how to do what we do here. If you are ready to give it another try, I am ready to give it another try. That doesn’t happen very often in very many economies. According to the survey the Associa-tion of General Contractors released this year, more than three-fourths of the people who responded to that sur-vey said they couldn’t find or they were having a hard time finding the qualified workers they need. In a bill that we will mark up in the Appropriations Committee next week, the subcommittee that I chair—the Labor, Education, Health and Human Services Subcommittee—we are going to continue to build this apprentice-ship program in a bipartisan way that Congress has embraced. The President likes this program. We have had a 53- percent increase in just the last couple of years in the training money avail-able for apprenticeships. Two hundred years ago, apprentice-ships were the way everybody learned to do whatever it was they were going to do. If you were going to learn a skill, you were going to learn it as an apprentice. This is a program that really gives the employers the tools they need to develop the workforce they would like to have. It gives workers an oppor-tunity to earn a salary while they are learning skills. It does that in a way that makes it possible for employers to do a couple things at the same time: prepare their own workforce, get peo-ple ready for work, and put people in a situation where they are suddenly showing up for work every day, learn-ing skills while they are there, learn-ing a lot of things that will get them ready for full-time employment. For the 9 out of 10 Americans who complete apprenticeship training pro-grams and get a job—and again, 9 out of 10 people who go through those pro-grams get a job, and the average start-ing salary for those jobs is $60,000 a year. These are not minimum wage jobs; these are significant opportuni-ties to start at that level and work your way up. I hear from businesses and I hear from unions in Missouri all the time about the need for skilled workers and about the long-term ca-reers that can result from meeting that skilled-worker need. As we continue to focus on training our 21st-century workforce, we know there are a lot of challenges we have to address. Next week, our subcommittee will consider our bill. Dedicating re-sources for programs geared toward better preparing and training the next generation of workers is one of our top priorities. I am pleased that the Trump admin-istration has also taken important steps to strengthen apprenticeship pro-grams. Last year, the administration issued an Executive order that doubled the amount the Federal Government spent on apprenticeship programs. In addition, the order shifted the role of developing government-funded work-force development programs from the Labor Department to private sector en-tities, such as trade groups, unions, and businesses, which, frankly, are much more likely to produce the work-force they know they need than a gov-ernment program that is much more likely to produce the workforce we might have needed a couple of years ago. This is a program that is working. With an economy growing as fast as ours, we need to promote job skills and training that fit the jobs of the future. We need to ensure that opportunities are available for workers in rural areas, suburban areas, and urban areas alike. It is critical that we ensure that Federal programs are designed to con-tinue to take advantage of the appren-ticeship model that is working. Just a couple of years ago, I don’t think people would have predicted where we would be with our economy today. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act had a lot to do with that—resetting the foundation of our economy, making it possible for us to compete around the world, going from the highest cor-porate rate in the world to a rate right in the middle. We are fine in the mid-dle. Nobody is fine, if they are trying to compete, when they give themselves the biggest disadvantage in that field of competition. It has only been 6 months, but it has been a pretty good 6 months, and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.021 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4265 June 20, 2018 
think we will continue to see the good news we have been seeing as people de-velop more confidence in their ability to take care of their families and to take care of themselves, and more con-fidence in the economy is going to make that possible. With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, as some of my colleagues mentioned al-ready, today marks 6 months since Congress passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and sent it to the President’s desk to become law. When the President signed the legislation, he helped usher in the first major overhaul of the Tax Code in three decades. Here are some of the results we have seen so far: Over 1 million new jobs have been created since the package of tax reform; at least 101 utilities across the country are lowering rates for cus-tomers, including Entergy Arkansas in my home State, as a result of the sav-ings they are seeing from the tax re-form bill; and 75 percent of small and independent business owners believe that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will have a positive impact on their busi-nesses, which is leading them to make plans to invest in hiring and increase employees’ compensation. I could go on highlighting the good news related to our overhaul of the Tax Code, but instead I want to spend just a few minutes talking about what I have heard from small business owners and employees—beneficiaries of this historic reform—on a recent visit I made to Arkansas in the south and southwest regions. Last month, I had the opportunity to travel around Arkansas’ Fourth Con-gressional District with Congressman B
RUCE WESTERMAN . We embarked on a tour called the ‘‘Talk Small Y’all’’ Small Business Tour to highlight the importance of small businesses to our State’s economy and to local commu-nities where they make such a signifi-cant impact. The tour was designed to be an opportunity for us to listen and learn, which is exactly what we did. We visited with business owners, man-agers, and employees of manufacturing companies, an oilfield and industrial products supplier, a food service dis-tributor, dining establishments, and re-tail stores. Everywhere we went, we heard a sense of optimism and excitement in the voices of those we were fortunate to meet. In addition to eliminating burdensome regulations through the Congressional Review Act, the passage of meaningful, historic tax reform— which makes our Nation’s businesses more competitive globally—is pro-viding cause for business owners to feel more confident about the current eco-nomic climate. Tax reform is helping to provide them with the certainty they need to grow and to succeed. I came to the floor in February to talk about the developments we were seeing in Arkansas as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, just 2 months after it was signed into law. Despite the dire warnings from our friends on the other side of the aisle who opposed our changes to the Tax Code, busi-nesses across the country and in Ar-kansas were already beginning to reap the benefits and passing them along to their employees, their customers, and the communities they operate in. I am pleased to say that this trend is continuing. More companies based in Arkansas or with a significant presence in the State are handing out bonuses, improving benefits, or investing in their businesses and their commu-nities. Tax reform is helping hard- working Arkansans keep more of their money in their own pockets. It is deliv-ering results that are helping the mid-dle class. On the 6-month anniversary of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, I join my colleagues in celebrating this achievement and the results that have followed from our commitment to make comprehensive tax reform a re-ality. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TOOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2926 AND 2971 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 2910 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up en bloc: Young No. 2926 and Tester No. 2971. I further ask that the time until 4:30 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form and that at 4:30 p.m. the Senate vote in relation to the amendments in the order listed and, finally, that there be no second-degree amendments in order to the amendments prior to the votes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Arkansas [Mr. B OOZ-
MAN], for others, proposes amendments num-bered 2926 and 2971 en bloc to amendment No. 2910. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2926 (Purpose: To require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to conduct a study on the ef-fectiveness of the Veterans Crisis Line) At the end of section 232 of title II of divi-sion C, add the following: (c)(1) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the hotline specified in subsection (a) during the five-year period beginning on January 1, 2016, based on an analysis of national suicide data and data collected from such hotline. (2) At a minimum, the study required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) determine the number of veterans who contact the hotline specified in subsection (a) and who receive follow up services from the hotline or mental health services from the Department of Veterans Affairs there-after; (B) determine the number of veterans who contact the hotline who are not referred to, or do not continue receiving, mental health care who commit suicide; and (C) determine the number of veterans de-scribed in subparagraph (A) who commit or attempt suicide. AMENDMENT NO . 2971 (Purpose: To prevent the denial of access to records and documents by various inspec-tors general) At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. INSPECTORS GENERAL. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to deny an Inspector General funded under this Act timely access to any records, documents, or other materials available to the department or agency of the United States Government over which such Inspector General has re-sponsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), or to prevent or impede the access of such Inspector General to such records, documents, or other mate-rials, under any provision of law, except a provision of law that expressly refers to such Inspector General and expressly limits the right of access of such Inspector General. (b) T
IMELY ACCESS .—A department or agen-cy covered by this section shall provide its Inspector General access to all records, docu-ments, and other materials in a timely man-ner. (c) C
OMPLIANCE .—Each Inspector General covered by this section shall ensure compli-ance with statutory limitations on disclo-sure relevant to the information provided by the department or agency over which that Inspector General has responsibilities under the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (d) R
EPORT .—Each Inspector General cov-ered by this section shall report to the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives within 5 calendar days of any failure by any department or agency covered by this section to comply with this section. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we have been focused on the U.S.-Mexico bor-der, where the prospect of children being separated from their family has shocked and horrified many of us. We have been working to come up with a solution to this problem. That includes President Trump, who yesterday called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:48 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.021 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4266 June 20, 2018 
on Congress to preserve family unity, while calling for a zero tolerance pol-icy when it comes to violating our im-migration laws. I would like to provide a little bit of context for how we got here and offer a proposed solution. Just like under the Obama administration in 2014, when we saw tens of thousands of unaccom-panied children coming across the bor-der into my State of Texas from Cen-tral America through Mexico—I re-member at the time President Obama called that a humanitarian crisis, and, indeed, it was—trying to find a way to deal with this flood of humanity com-ing across our border in a safe and hu-mane manner was a huge challenge for the Federal Government, for local com-munities, like McAllen, TX, and for various faith-based and other organiza-tions. But come they did. Between August 1 of last year and May 31 of this year, the number of fam-ilies apprehended at the southwest bor-der rose 58 percent, compared with the same period a year earlier. Of course, just like the humanitarian crisis of 2014, most of these individuals came from Central America. I think it is im-portant to point out that even though these are not unaccompanied minors in the same number that we saw in 2014, we are still seeing so far this year roughly 30,000 children coming across our southwestern border from across dangerous territory in Mexico and from Central America, transported by human traffickers and the cartels, for whom this is their business model. Let me explain for a minute. Recently, an expert on this topic made the point that these criminal or-ganizations that run children, families, and other adults across the border are ‘‘commodity agnostic.’’ That is what he said. In other words, they don’t care whether it is drugs, contraband, chil-dren, or adults. Whatever it is, they are in it for the money, and they have found an incredibly profitable business model in transporting all of those com-modities, if you can call them that, from Central America and across the Mexican border. For those who are worried about the opioid crisis here in America, which we all are, it is not just about prescription drugs—that is a huge part of the prob-lem—but it is also the heroin that is frequently substituted for the prescrip-tion drugs because it is cheap and it is more plentiful. So all of these are good reasons, in my mind, for us to be very focused on what happens at our border. My State happens to have 1,200 miles of common border with Mexico, and we are at ground zero when it comes to the border security challenges and when it comes to the humanitarian cri-ses and to the law enforcement chal-lenges that go along with it. This Friday, Senator C
RUZ, my col-league from Texas, and I will be trav-eling to Brownsville and McAllen, TX, to once again get an idea of what the facts are on the ground. We have been there many times before, of course, and have worked hand in glove with our local and State officials, with our faith-based organizations and with ev-erybody who is concerned about what is happening at the border, including the Border Patrol, the Texas National Guard, and the like. I want to make one point when it comes to those who enter our country in order to claim asylum, as many of these people do from Central America. They claim a fear of persecution as the basis for a claim for asylum, but those who present themselves lawfully at ports of entry—those are the bridges that enter into the United States—can do so and claim asylum without vio-lating any immigration laws. As Sec-retary Nielsen, the Department of Homeland Security Secretary, said, it is only those who try to enter the country in those vast areas between the ports of entry, which is exceedingly dangerous, by the way, who violate our immigration laws when they enter the United States illegally. When they come with a child, whether it is their biological child or somebody they claim is their child—maybe the cartels have figured out that if they pair these people up, they have found another way to exploit vulnerabilities in the system—it presents the challenges that we have seen here in the last few days. I want to emphasize that we have seen the arrival of families and chil-dren before. So none of this is new, but we do need to put what is happening now in proper context. As the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, Ms. Nielsen, has said, if the situation in your home country is dangerous and if you have chosen to seek asylum for your family in the United States, there is no reason for you to enter the United States illegally. We saw this during the previous policy that was since elimi-nated by the Obama administration of Cuban refugees who, because of a unique policy called ‘‘wet foot, dry foot,’’ once they crossed over our ports of entry, they were entitled to seek ref-uge in the United States under the laws at the time. So none of this is new. As I said, people with a credible fear of persecution in their home countries may present their claims through a normal, well-defined process. There is no reason for somebody to expose themselves, much less their children, to the dangerous, remote regions— areas I call the wild, wild west—down along the border in order to try to sneak through by illicit means. But people do sometimes falsely claim a credible fear of persecution. In other words, they don’t qualify for asy-lum. So that is why it is so important for us to give them an opportunity and to insist that they present those claims to an immigration judge on a timely basis so those claims can be properly evaluated. The Trump administration has made the very commonsensical decision to have a zero tolerance policy when it comes to illegal immigration. They have made the decision to fully enforce our laws by prosecuting adults in criminal courts when they are appre-hended crossing our borders illegally. In my opinion, that is exactly the right decision—enforce the laws as written. The relevant laws—the ones that crim-inalize illegal crossings—have been on the books for a long time. They are a product of congressional action and Presidential approval, like all legisla-tion. These are not something that President Trump created out of whole cloth, as some people would have you believe. But the truth is that often these laws were not enforced by pre-vious administrations and, particu-larly, when families were involved. Now that they are being enforced, the adults are, unfortunately, under the status quo, separated from families as part of the legal process as it plays itself out. It is not because of any de-sire to separate families and children, but rather because of previous Federal court decisions, consent decrees, and statutes that Congress has passed that require children to be placed in a sepa-rate, safe setting. In other words, we don’t want to place children in a jail cell with hardened, potentially violent criminals because the adult that brought them into the country has vio-lated our criminal laws. So putting the children in a safe, separate setting was really motivated by the best of inten-tions. The relevant authorities are impor-tant to acknowledge because, as the New York Times has stated this last weekend, contrary to what you may have heard, ‘‘technically, there is no Trump administration policy stating that illegal border crossers must be separated from their children.’’ What there are, instead, are many variables that are hard to disentangle from one another, and, I think, unfor-tunately, those who would like to cre-ate a false narrative here have taken advantage of the complexity of these laws and the situation in order to claim some sort of sinister intent to tear children away from their parents unnecessarily. That is not the goal. In fact our goal is just the opposite: How do we keep these children with their families, pending the decision by an immigration judge of whether or not they have a viable claim to asylum or some other benefit. The so-called Flores agreement is one of those laws that are required to be observed which requires that chil-dren can be held no longer than 20 days. A Ninth Circuit opinion applies the Flores bill to family units, pro-tracted timelines for asylum claims, limited detention facilities, and a divi-sion of responsibility among ICE, or Immigration and Custom Enforcement, Health and Human Services, and other agencies. All of this adds to the com-plexity of this situation. Most of these factors are pretty uncontroversial. I think every Member will agree with the Trump administra-tion that we should never place chil-dren in prisons or jails with hardened, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.025 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4267 June 20, 2018 
potentially violent criminals when their parents are being lawfully pros-ecuted for entering the country ille-gally. We need to see that this is how we got to where we are now. They are en-tirely reasonable decisions that seemed to make sense at the time—that chil-dren should not be held for any longer than is strictly necessary, that they should never be detained with adults in a jail cell in potentially dangerous cir-cumstances. A lot of that seemed to make sense at the time. By the same token, I and many others certainly don’t want family members to be sepa-rated from one another as a con-sequence of officials doing their duty and enforcing the laws they are sworn to uphold. I know Customs and Border Protec-tion leaders like Manny Padilla, chief of the Rio Grande Valley sector, and David Higgerson, and all of the other men and women who work under them in the Rio Grande Valley, are trying to do their job. They are trying to enforce the law. That is what we have asked them to do. That is their duty. It is a good thing, and I think we should all appreciate their attempt to do so in a very complex environment. This is where I have some questions for the minority leader Senator S
CHU-
MERand others. Senator F EINSTEIN , my friend from California whom I have worked with on a number of pieces of legislation, secured the support of all Members of the Democratic side of the aisle on a piece of legislation which does nothing to ensure that the law will be enforced. Sure, it purports to deal with family separation but basi-cally provides a get-out-of-jail-free card to any adult who illegally crosses the border. In fact, they go from a zero tolerance program by President Trump’s administration to a zero en-forcement program, thus creating an incentive for people to illegally immi-grate across the border and making it almost impossible for law enforcement to enforce our immigration laws. That will continue to be a draw on people from different parts of the world who would love to move to the United States. We can be sympathetic. We can be concerned. We should do everything within our power to help them so they can live in their own country safely, but we know we simply can’t have an open border policy so anybody and ev-erybody who wants to move to the United States can do so. That is why we have exceptions like asylum claims that have to be decided by an immigra-tion judge. Yesterday, Senator S
CHUMER said President Trump alone could fix this situation by signing a Presidential order, but even though the President has stated his decision to do so, I think that is likely not going to be decided finally by the President but rather by the courts when that Executive order is challenged based on the other legal considerations I mentioned a moment ago: the Ninth Circuit decision, a con-sent decree in the Flores case, and other statutes. I don’t think our friend, the Demo-cratic leader, actually believes Presi-dent Trump can do this by a flick of a pen, as he said; otherwise, he wouldn’t have cosponsored the bill by the Sen-ator from California to address this sit-uation. Why in the world would he pro-pose legislation if he actually sincerely believes the President alone can fix this problem? The truth is, we in Congress and the President have a shared responsibility and a role to play in addressing this crisis at the border, but the result of the proposal by the Senator from Cali-fornia, embraced and cosponsored by the Democratic leader, is that it makes it impossible to enforce the laws Con-gress has written when it comes to adults illegally entering the United States when they are accompanied by a child. We should not be under any illusion that the criminal organizations that facilitate the movement of people from other countries into the United States—they understand these gaps in our laws. That is why they sent tens of thousands of unaccompanied children into the United States in 2014, creating that humanitarian crisis. They know well that because of the gaps in our law that allow adults with children to be treated differently, they are exploiting that for financial gain. The result of the proposal by the mi-nority leader and our Democratic col-leagues means it is impossible to en-force laws that Congress has written. Ending zero tolerance means ignoring the law, and that amounts to ignoring the will of the people who put Members of Congress in office and ending our re-spect for the rule of law. Ending zero tolerance, as they would seek to do, means tolerating criminal activity. As I mentioned, these are organized crimi-nal organizations—they are sometimes called transnational criminal organiza-tions—and they will trade in anything that makes them money: People, guns, drugs, any sort of contraband we can imagine. Not applying the law to ille-gal entry does nothing but fuel them and feed their money machine, which is why they continue to do what they do. The other concern I have with the legislation proposed by our Democratic colleagues, even though they have said only the President can fix it, is that while legislation from the Senator from California does seek to keep fami-lies together—a goal we share—it doesn’t specify where those families should be held. That is a big problem because when it comes to the safety of these children, we don’t want to leave that open to interpretation or mis-understanding. We want to be sure and clear that these families are kept in separate residential housing facilities, away from hardened and potentially violent criminals, but our Democratic colleagues’ bill that every single one of the Democrats in the Senate has signed on to doesn’t even address that. As I said, in fact, their bill would likely re-sult in many adults entering the United States illegally getting off scot- free because of the no enforcement zone, basically extending within up to 120 miles from the border. Basically, Federal law enforcement authorities, not just the Border Patrol but the FBI, the U.S. attorneys, and others, would be essentially prohibited from pros-ecuting anybody for violation of our laws. Now, all of us sat up and paid close attention when former First Lady Laura Bush and the current First Lady Melania Trump expressed their con-cerns about family separation and called on us to find a better way to an-swer the current crisis, and I agree with them. In fact, we have gotten off to a pretty good start. Led by our colleague from North Carolina, some of our colleagues and I, just a few minutes ago, introduced a bill called the Keep Families Together and Enforce the Law Act. The goals of this legislation are pretty straight-forward: keep families together in safe, secure facilities while their cases are waiting to be decided by a court. We set mandatory standards of care for family residential centers to make sure they are hygienic and safe and the sort of place where we can treat people compassionately. We also authorize 225 new immigra-tion judges because of the huge backlog that makes it hard to handle all the cases that come across the border. We give these families a chance to move to the head of the line to get their cases decided on an expedited basis so that while they are being detained in these safe, secure, family facilities, their cases can be decided quickly. Also, if they are entitled to an immigration benefit like asylum, they could be af-forded that on a reasonable timetable and not left in limbo for any longer than absolutely necessary. Now, I believe, talking to my friend the senior Senator from California, Mrs. FEINSTEIN , that these are ele-ments of a bill we might be able to agree to, Democrats and Republicans, in order to address the common con-cerns we have about family separation. Throughout the course of our discus-sions, though, it has become clear this is something we all believe; that fami-lies crossing the border should be kept together. Where we may differ is whether that should also go along with a joint commitment to enforce our im-migration laws, but, as I said earlier, this is not an either-or situation. We can keep parents and children together while, at the same time, remaining res-olute in enforcing our immigration laws—something I believe we should do. The Trump administration has said it will not tolerate any violation of those laws and that all offenders will remain on the table for prosecution, but there is no reason for our Demo-cratic colleagues to oppose what I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.026 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4268 June 20, 2018 
laid out. Either we are or we are not a nation of laws, with a government that enforces those laws, or we are a nation with no law and open borders; simply waving through anybody who wants to come into the country at their discre-tion. So I would urge all of our colleagues to work together to continue talking about and supporting a bill that rep-resents these shared values. If we come together, we can resolve the situation swiftly and ensure that these children are kept together with their families and, as I said, that they can be expedi-tiously presented before an immigra-tion judge so they can present any le-gitimate claim they may have to any immigration benefit. I think that is a commonsense solution to this problem, and I look forward to our colleagues working together to try to solve it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
NORTH KOREA  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, as we know, last week President Trump took what I believe is a historic first step in making America and the whole world more safe, more stable, and more se-cure. I believe his efforts to end North Korea’s nuclear weapons program have already produced tangible results. North Korea has suspended nuclear tests and is dismantling a test facility. They have also committed to recov-ering and sending home the remains of Americans killed during the Korean war. Now the Trump administration is taking the next steps. The State De-partment is hard at work on followup discussions. Secretary of State Pompeo says he may personally return to North Korea before very long. When we heard from President Trump about his trip to Singapore last week, he was upbeat about the talks. He understands these followup talks are going to be where the specifics real-ly start to be discussed. That is where, as they say, the rubber meets the road. I think the talks have a very real op-portunity for success. Success means an agreement that is durable, enforce-able, and verifiable. It means an agree-ment that eliminates all nuclear weap-ons from North Korea and from the en-tire Korean Peninsula—nothing less. So I am cautiously optimistic about the talks. President Trump has applied a pro-gram of maximum pressure, and that has brought North Korea to the table. We had a hearing in the Foreign Rela-tions Committee, and the upload from the whole discussion was this: Sanc-tions work. The next stage of these negotiations is going to help us understand whether now is the right time, whether the Kim regime is truly ready to give up its nu-clear weapons. If it is not ready, the pressure can resume. The pressure can even be increased. The maximum-pres-sure approach will ultimately work—if not today, then someday. Meanwhile, the United States is in a very strong negotiating position. We know that as a result of the efforts by President Trump and the strong posi-tion we are in, it is something that not just we know but North Korea knows as well. We know exactly what we need to have happen in these talks and ex-actly what North Korea must do. We are willing to walk away if an agree-ment falls short. That is how you win a negotiation. When President Obama negotiated with Iran over their nuclear program, I think he lost sight of that important rule. He wanted a deal so badly that what he was willing to accept was a bad deal. President Trump is a nego-tiator, and I am confident that he is going to walk away if the only deal to be had is one that is bad for the United States. I am confident we can reach our goals of a nuclear-free North Korea— today or at some point down the road. I remain very clear-eyed, as does the President, about the possibilities, as well as the pitfalls, and I think we should be clear-eyed and concerned. The world remains a very dangerous place. Our adversaries, including North Korea, are cunning, opportunistic, and aggressive. We need to be sure we don’t lose sight of whom we are dealing with. The Kim regime, going back to his fa-ther and grandfather, has a history of appalling attacks on their own people. They have shown no interest in the human rights, political rights, or civil liberties of North Koreans. I think his-tory will judge this family very harsh-ly. All that said, making the world a safer place and doing what is best for America means we have to deal with other countries as they are. Sometimes it includes sitting down to negotiate with other countries and other leaders who have a terrible record on human rights. The United States must con-tinue to do all we can to force hostile nations back from the brink of war. We must encourage countries to embrace democracy, to abide by the rule of law, and to support the freedoms and rights of all people. As President Kennedy once said, ‘‘Is not peace, in the last analysis, basically a matter of human rights?’’ The worst human rights violations imaginable would be a nuclear explo-sion killing millions of people, some of them instantly, many of them slowly and in agony. President Trump knows that is what these negotiations are about, that the stakes are high, and that Mike Pompeo is the right person for this difficult job. He understands the people he is negotiating with, and he understands the facts on the ground. During his confirmation hearing to be Secretary of State, Mike Pompeo said an interesting thing about Amer-ica’s place in the world. He said: ‘‘If we don’t lead for democracy, for pros-perity, and for human rights around the world, who will?’’ I think it is clear that the Secretary of State approaches these talks with a clear understanding of what American leadership looks like. He also knows what American strength looks like. The President hit the ‘‘pause’’ button on military exercises scheduled for later this year. He can just as easily re-start those exercises. We have 28,000 U.S. troops in South Korea. I have vis-ited some of them who are from my home State of Wyoming. The U.S. Navy is still in the area; they remain ready at a moment’s notice. So America is going to be in a posi-tion of strength at every step of these negotiations, whether it is economi-cally, diplomatically, politically, or militarily. I was critical of President Obama’s Iran deal because it was a bad deal, not because ending Iran’s nuclear program was a bad idea. I was critical of the Iran deal because it gave up too much in return for too little. It made perma-nent concessions for temporary return. I was critical because it was done with-out the support of the American people through their representatives in the Senate. I am confident that President Trump will not make the same mis-takes. President Trump has given Kim Jong Un a taste—just a taste—of what it means to be welcomed as one of the peaceful, civilized nations of the world. It is up to Kim whether he wants to re-main in this world or whether he wants to return to being an isolated, back-ward, pariah state, as North Korea has been for so long. It is up to Kim wheth-er he wants to embrace civilized norms of respecting human rights and the freedom of his people. That is his deci-sion to make. As for the rest of us, we can remain hopeful while still being skeptical. We cannot insist that the talks in North Korea must lead to great breakthrough immediately. Nobody can make a promise like that, and no one can ex-pect that as the only standard for suc-cess. What we can expect is that our President will always put the interests of the American people first, whether he is negotiating with our allies or with our adversaries. That is what the American people expect, and I think all of us can rest assured that President Trump will keep that promise. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
FAMILY IMPRISONMENT POLICY  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, as we await the details of the Presi-dent’s Executive order today, we know enough already to have serious and sig-nificant concerns about the continuing policy of this administration in dealing with asylum seekers coming across our borders. Make no mistake—ending family sep-aration would be a welcomed and hu-mane step, but the solution cannot be the immoral and unlawful detention and imprisonment of children. Family separation cannot be replaced with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.028 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4269 June 20, 2018 
family incarceration and imprison-ment. Indefinitely imprisoning chil-dren and families is still inhumane and ineffective law enforcement. President Trump’s current policy, as articulated in this Executive order, will put children behind bars indefi-nitely and indiscriminately, and that is intolerable in a free and democratic so-ciety. Children will experience much of the same lasting trauma that they do now in the current situation, and the world will continue to watch the spec-tacle of the American Government locking up innocent children and throwing away the key. Locking up in-nocent children indiscriminately and indefinitely is a betrayal of American values. Much like the policy of family sepa-ration, this new policy of indefinite and indiscriminate family imprison-ment hearkens back to the worst days of our country’s history. Japanese children thrown into World War II-era detention camps were im-prisoned with their parents, but the days of history rightly judged that de-cision harshly, and history will also judge us harshly if we permit an inhu-mane and immoral policy to be carried out without our protests and opposi-tion. Instead, we must now shame the administration into adopting a humane and moral policy. This policy threatens to be costly. It will be costly in dollars and cents. The estimate is, approximately, almost $800 per day for every incarcerated person or detained individual. Even more cost-ly will be the undermining of our moral authority and our image around the world and our own sense of offending our basic morality, our image of our-selves, and our sense of our own moral-ity must be offended by imprisoning, indefinitely and indiscriminately, fam-ilies with their children. There are alternatives. One is strong-er oversight and supervision over fami-lies who can be released without dan-ger of flight or physical violence. These programs have been tried, and they have been proven successful. Family case management efforts have pro-duced appearance rates above 90 per-cent, and those alternatives must be explored instead of detaining and in-carcerating, indefinitely and indis-criminately, children with their fami-lies. The world and all of us were repulsed by the images of children separated from their families. Those sights and sounds were searingly painful, but so must be children in cages and behind bars indefinitely, without the basic services and respect for humanity that our great Nation has epitomized. At the core of the current adminis-tration policy is so-called zero toler-ance, which results in criminal pros-ecution of the asylum seekers. The President has recognized the public outrage and yielded to it, but the pol-icy of zero tolerance will continue. The current approach of detaining and incarcerating these children indefi-nitely likely violates court orders issued in 1997 and 2016, but indefinite and indiscriminate imprisonment of children and families ought to violate, as well, our rules of morality and hu-manity. I urge the administration to explore alternatives, to work with Congress on real reform, to support the legislation that has been supported by every Dem-ocrat in this body that would, in effect, avoid imprisonment of immigrant fam-ilies. Beyond that legislation, we should pass compassionate and comprehensive immigration reform that provides a pathway to citizenship for the 11 mil-lion undocumented immigrants cur-rently living in the shadows and im-proves the due process right so that ad-judication is fairer and more effective. We must shame this administration to do what is right—to end zero toler-ance and support changes to our immi-gration system that represent the best in America, not as the House bills to be voted on today or tomorrow reflect the worst. We are here on World Refugee Day, appropriately. We ought to acknowl-edge the remarkable journey of refu-gees and asylum seekers as they pursue freedom and opportunity over the im-mense obstacles they encounter. We should recognize their contributions to our country, the talents and energy they bring here. We should recognize the humanitarian importance of ref-ugee resettlement programs nation-wide. Though victims of global conflict come here from all parts of the world, almost all of these refugees are also re-silient survivors who embrace their new lives and contribute to their com-munities, even after these harrowing journeys to the United States. Too often we fail to recognize their con-tributions to American communities, but today we celebrate all that they offer. Today, on World Refugee Day, we commemorate that Connecticut, since 2005, has resettled 7,000 refugees—our small State, with 3
1⁄2million people from all over the world, particularly in major resettlement cities like Bridge-port, Hartford, and New Haven. Today, proudly, I wish to share some of the stories from refugees who have made Connecticut their home and high-light the important work my constitu-ents are doing to support refugees. There are several refugee agencies throughout Connecticut that serve as a key touchstone for these refugees by providing essential case management and employment services. I am proud of these organizations and am grateful for the work they do. IRIS—Integrated Refugee & Immi-grant Services—is Connecticut’s larg-est refugee resettlement and immi-grant services organization headquartered in New Haven. Volun-teers welcome and resettle refugee families in over 35 of Connecticut’s towns. Likewise, the Connecticut Insti-tute for Refugees and Immigrants, lo-cated in Bridgeport, assists refugees and immigrants in resolving legal, eco-nomic, linguistic, and social barriers as they integrate into their communities. Let me tell you about the journey of Issa, Aminah, and their three children. They resettled in Westville, CT, the night of the 2016 Presidential election. This family fled Syria to Jordan after one of their members was abducted and beaten by the regime. When they ar-rived in the United States, Issa started working as a parking attendant at a hospital parking garage, and Aminah launched a thriving catering business. Their children are thrilled to attend school again after years of educational disruption caused by their displace-ment. Let me tell you about Rafid. He was an electrical engineer in Baghdad who worked with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers during military operations in Iran. After he received death threats from insurgents, he fled with his fam-ily to Jordan and then resettled in Connecticut, where he works as a team leader at Schick Manufacturing in Mil-ford. He also started his own subcon-tracting company, Golden Gate CT, to create jobs for other Connecticut resi-dents. He is truly an entrepreneur in the best sense of that word. Francis and Evelyne fled persecution in Rwanda and the Democratic Repub-lic of the Congo to resettle in Bridge-port, CT. When they shared their story with my office, they said: ‘‘We under-stood that the American Dream was alive in each of us if we wished to move forward and work hard.’’ Francis and Evelyne certainly embody that Amer-ican dream. Connecticut constituents have em-braced these refugee families. They have opened their hearts to these indi-viduals and families who are seeking nothing less than the American dream and escape from the trauma of war, the violence of persecution, and the face of oppression. In the face of unimaginable upheaval and horror, they have come to this country and made that journey. I am grateful to them for their cour-age. I wish to recognize one of my con-stituents who has demonstrated equal courage and strength, a Trinity College professor, Janet Bauer. She has dedi-cated her entire career to welcoming and integrating families. She estab-lished the Hartford Global Migration Lab, which connects college students and refugees. Through this program, Janet’s students tutor at Jubilee House and help children with their homework at the Hartford Public Library. Like her, Jean Silk, a coordinator with the Jewish Community Alliance for Refugee Settlement, has also worked with refugees and done im-measurable good. At a time of global conflict, when the horrors of war are all too real every day, the Trump ad-ministration has capped refugee reset-tlement at 45,000 this fiscal year—the lowest in American history. Even with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.030 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4270 June 20, 2018 
this cap, the estimate is that the United States will resettle only about 20,000 refugees this year. Each of these numbers represents an individual human life transformed by coming to this country, given new light and life. I hope the administra-tion will commit to resettling at least 75,000 refugees in fiscal year 2019. Again, as I close, I want to emphasize the importance of this day, the historic significance of our turning a point and taking advantage of an opportunity to do right and to do better than we have. I urge that colleagues across the aisle join in supporting a policy that stops indefinite and indiscriminate imprison-ment of children. It may be with their families, but it recalls the worst chap-ters in our history when families were detained indiscriminately and indefi-nitely. When the judgment of history is made, I hope we will be spared the kind of blame that rightly went to previous generations who made the wrong deci-sion. Let us do what is best for Amer-ica. Let us exemplify the best in Amer-ica. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about the 74th anniversary of the GI bill, which we will be celebrating later this week. Before the Senator from Connecticut leaves the floor, I want to thank him for his comments. I want to follow up briefly on what he has said. As the Pre-siding Officer knows, and our colleague from Connecticut knows, every Wednesday morning, there is a prayer breakfast. Democrats, Republicans, Independents, and a number of Sen-ators from both sides have breakfast together. One of the Senators talks about their faith and how their faith affects the way they approach their work here, our work here. Today, I was invited to speak, and I mentioned that sometimes when people say ‘‘What kind of Democrat are you?’’ I say I am a Democrat who has read Matthew 25. People say: What is Matthew 25? Matthew 25 goes something like this. When I was hungry, did you feed me? When I was naked, did you clothe me? When I was thirsty, did you give me something to drink? When I was sick and imprisoned, did you visit me? When I was a stranger in your land, did you welcome me? Every day here, the Chaplain starts our session with a prayer, and we have Bible study groups. I want to take a minute, and I don’t expect my friend from Connecticut to stay on the floor, but I want him to hear the beginning of this. I just want to cite a couple of Scriptures. There are one or two in the Old Testament and maybe one or two in the New Testament. In the Book of Leviticus in the Old Testament, chapter 19, we read these words: ‘‘When a stranger resides with you in your land, you shall not wrong him.’’ The next verse, 34, reads: ‘‘You should treat the stranger who sojourns with you as the native among you, and you shall love him [or her] as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt.’’ In the New Testament are the words of Jesus. We read in Matthew 18, I think verses 2 through 6: ‘‘He called a little child [meaning Jesus] and placed the child among them.’’ Jesus said to them: ‘‘Truly, I tell you, unless you change and become like little children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. There-fore, whoever takes the lowly position of this child [who was with him that day] is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. And whoever welcomes one such child in my Name welcomes me.’’ Matthew 18:6 reads: ‘‘If anyone causes one of these little ones, those who believe in me, to stumble, it would be better for them to have a large mill-stone hung around their neck than be drowned in the depths of the sea.’’ That is pretty straight talk or, as we used to say in the Navy, the straight skinny. Those are good words from the Old Testament and the New Testament to keep in mind. Again, I thank my colleague from Connecticut for his words. 
74TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GI BILL  
Mr. President, our colleague from Connecticut, by the way, is somebody who has spent time in uniform. His sons have spent time in uniform, and I think one or two are still serving. When I came back from Southeast Asia at the end of the Vietnam war, after having been a naval flight officer for a number of years, I was fortunate to have been eligible for the GI bill. The GI bill that I was eligible for was a bill that provided me $250 a month to help pay for my tuition and my ex-penses at the University of Delaware, where I was in the business school try-ing to earn an MBA, which I ultimately did. The benefit for GIs today is not $250 a month. As my colleagues know, whatever the tuition costs are, they are paid for by the GI bill. If you go to a private school or something like that outside of your State, the benefit could be higher. There is a cap on that, but I think it is over $20,000. The expenses for tuition, tutoring, books, and fees are paid for by the GI bill. In Delaware, there is a monthly housing allowance, and there is in every State. The month-ly housing allowance in Delaware is $2,000 a month. That compares with those of us who, at the end of the Viet-nam war, received $250 a month. I don’t deny or feel bad about the current GIs—sailors, airmen, air-women. I don’t feel bad about their get-ting a lot more, because it is a good benefit, and it is one that is worth cele-brating. My dad came back from World War II, and my uncle served either in World War II or Korea. I was born after the war was over. Somewhere along the line when I was a little kid, my dad talked about how he got his early training after the war, but I was not old enough to understand what he was talking about. Shortly after the war ended in 1945, he went back to West Virginia. As best I could figure out, other peo-ple took advantage of the GI bill, which was new then. They went to col-leges and universities. My recollection is that Frank Lautenberg, who was a Senator for a number of years, went to Harvard. People went to different kinds of colleges and universities and maybe to community colleges. Apparently, my dad got training not by going to a 2-year school or a 4-year school but by gaining a skill. The skill that he apparently gained was to be able to fix wrecked cars and to do bodywork on those cars. He worked at a place called Burleson Oldsmobile in Beckley, WV. He must have been pret-ty good at what he did. One day, an in-surance adjuster came in from Nation-wide Insurance to look at a car that was insured by Nationwide. He talked to my dad for a while. The insurance agent from Nationwide Insurance said: You sound like a pretty sharp guy. I am surprised that some-body who seems to have as much on the ball as you do is here, fixing wrecked cars. You could do what I do. My dad asked: Do you mean be a claims adjuster for Nationwide Insur-ance? The fellow said: Yes. Sure enough, a year later, my dad, apparently, became a claims adjuster for Nationwide Insurance. He had a high school degree from Shady Spring High School, which is just outside of Beckley. My mom did as well. Neither of them ever went to college. My dad worked for Nationwide for probably 25 years or more—maybe 30 years—in dif-ferent places around the country. One of his last assignments for Nationwide Insurance, in its home office of Colum-bus, OH, was to run the training school for Nationwide’s insurance adjusters from all over the country. Here was a guy with a high school de-gree, who had served in World War II with honor, who had a chance to get a GI bill benefit and turn it into a life-time opportunity for himself and his family. It enabled my sister and me to go on and finish school. Thanks to the Navy, I got my Navy scholarship and used some money when overseas to help my sister go to school. The GI bill means a lot to my family, and it does to a lot of families. I think this is a benefit which has been around now for I believe 74 years this Friday. Think about that—three-quarters of a century this Friday. This Friday marks the 74th anniversary of Presi-dent Franklin Roosevelt’s signing of the Servicemen’s Readjustment Act of 1944 into law. This legislation is more commonly known as the GI bill, and we have always called it the GI bill. Thanks to the GI bill, millions of re-turning World War II veterans flooded our Nation’s colleges and universities, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.032 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4271 June 20, 2018 
and it ushered in an era of unprece-dented economic expansion. Since 1944, the GI bill has transformed our coun-try and the lives of millions of vet-erans, including mine. It really helped to create a middle class in this coun-try, as millions of GIs came back and had a chance to learn a skill and go to college in many cases and have eco-nomic opportunities for themselves and their families that never before had been possible. This week, we are recognizing—I think for the first time—the historical significance of the GI bill. We are going to designate the week from June 18 through June 22 as ‘‘National GI Bill Commemoration Week.’’ I want to thank several Senators. I thank Senator S
ULLIVAN from Alas-ka—a colonel in the Marine Corps. As the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I thank J
OHNNY ISAKSON  and Senator J
ONTESTER for joining me in submitting the resolution in the Senate to designate June 18 through 22 as ‘‘National GI Bill Commemoration Week.’’ I thank House Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee Chairman R
OEand Ranking Member W
ALZfor submitting the same solution in the House of Representa-tives. I also thank the American Legion for its hard work in making this resolu-tion a reality and for advocating for veterans and veterans’ education bene-fits in Congress, as have other service organizations, but I think the Amer-ican Legion was present at the creation and worked very hard right at the cre-ation to make sure that we had a GI bill and that it would survive. Because this is GI Bill Week, I want to mention just a few reasons some folks refer to the GI bill as the greatest legislation. We have a greatest genera-tion—my parents’ generation. They are the folks who grew up in the Great De-pression and went on to do amazing things with their lives. Some have referred to the GI bill as the greatest legislation, and I have al-ready shared my own story today. The GI bill made immediate financial sup-port, education, and home loan pro-grams available. I bought my first home with the GI bill, with VA mort-gage-backed insurance. That is how I insured my mortgage. I was able to get the low rate offered in the GI bill. Mil-lions of veterans bought homes with the help of the GI bill. This combina-tion of opportunities changed the so-cial and economic fabric of our coun-try. A 1988 report from the Joint Eco-nomic Committee estimated that for every $1 the United States invested in the GI bill, about $7 was returned in economic growth. Think about that. For every $1 we invested, there was a $7 return in economic growth thanks to the GI bill. Close to half a million engineers, close to a quarter of a million account-ants, close to a quarter of a million teachers, almost 100,000 scientists, about 67,000 doctors, over 120,000 den-tists, and thousands of other profes-sionals entered the workforce of the United States. I might add that they are still entering the workforce of the United States. The GI bill truly democratized our higher education system, established greater citizenship and civic participa-tion, and empowered the ‘‘greatest gen-eration’’ to lead our country following World War II. Over the past 74 years, Congress has enacted subsequent GI bills to provide educational assistance to new genera-tions of veterans, including the Vet-erans Readjustment Benefits Act of 1966, the Post-Vietnam Era Veterans’ Educational Assistance Act of 1977, the Veterans’ Educational Assistance Act of 1984, and most recently the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008, which we voted on and debated here, I think in about my eighth year here in the Senate. After returning from three tours of duty over in Southeast Asia, as I said earlier, I was fortunate enough to be able to use my Vietnam-era GI bill ben-efits at the University of Delaware. I close by saying that Senator Y OUNG  is on the floor. I think he is going to offer an amendment in just a moment. He is a marine, and I am proud to serve with him. The Marine Corps and the Navy have different uniforms but are on the same team. I salute him for his service. If you go back to 2008, that was when we were falling into the worst reces-sion since the Great Depression, some of us will recall. These pages up here were about half their current age. They are now about 15 or 16 years old. They were about 8 years old when we were falling into the worst economic hole we had been in since the Great Depression. The unemployment rate for our coun-try, as I recall, reached or exceeded 10 percent. The unemployment rate—I was told by my staff—was higher for veterans. It was higher than 10 percent. I have been told it was significantly higher. That was where we were in 2009—at the bottom of the great reces-sion. Since that time, a lot of veterans have come home. They have been able to take advantage of the current GI bill, the new GI bill—a very generous GI bill. Do you know what has hap-pened? They have found jobs. They have found economic opportunity. They are doing all kinds of things with the education they have gained at sometimes 4-year colleges with ad-vanced degrees, at 2-year colleges, at trade schools. The unemployment rate for our coun-try has now dropped to under 4 percent. We are in the ninth year of an eco-nomic expansion—the longest running economic expansion in our country’s history. While the national unemploy-ment rate is about 3.9 percent, the vet-erans’ unemployment rate is no longer above the national average. It is below. The national average is down to about 3.9, and the veterans’ unemployment rate is about 3.4. Again, I think we can say that the GI bill has helped to edu-cate a whole new generation of young men and women. The GI bill is in no small part responsible for that. I commend my colleague Jim Webb, a former Senator from Virginia, who was the author of the legislation in 2008 that a lot of us supported and voted for. We are also grateful to those vet-erans and to the people of this country for having confidence in us in making sure that we could make an investment on their behalf and our behalf. Later this week, on Friday—people ask, what day is Friday? It will be the 74th anniversary of the GI bill. It is one of the greatest pieces of legislation we have ever passed and enacted in this country. It is the gift that keeps on giving, and it hopefully will continue to do so for a long time. Mr. President, there are two Sen-ators on the floor who lead the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. I ask unani-mous consent for Senator YOUNG , who is the author of an amendment that has been offered, to speak for 5 minutes and for Senator T
ESTER to speak for 3 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARPER. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, I thank the distinguished Senator from Dela-ware for his naval service and for his concern for veterans. It is a pleasure to serve with him. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2926 
Mr. President, as marines, we tend to make interservice jokes when we are in the company of one another, but I know we share a common dedication in making sure our veterans receive the sort of care and support that, of course, they deserve. That is why I rise in sup-port of amendment No. 2926 to the MILCON-VA bill. Suicide is one of the most serious problems that face our veterans today. According to the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, ‘‘after adjusting for dif-ferences in age and sex, risk for suicide was 22 percent higher among Veterans when compared to U.S. non-Veteran adults.’’ That figure is 19 percent high-er among male veterans when com-pared to U.S. non-veteran adult men and 2
1⁄2times higher among female vet-erans. Our veterans deserve the highest pos-sible quality of care. Mental health care services are a critical component of that effort and are essential to pre-venting veteran suicides. Congress and the Department of Veterans Affairs has a solemn duty to ensure that programs designed to protect veterans’ emo-tional and mental health are effective. The Department of Veterans Affairs launched what is now known as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:00 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.034 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4272 June 20, 2018 
Veterans Crisis Line in 2011. While we applaud the VA for administering this program, we embrace the fundamental responsibility of Congress to exercise robust oversight of the Veterans Crisis Line to ensure that this program is ac-tually effective and properly sup-porting at-risk veterans. That is why I joined with Senator D
ONNELLY and Congressman B
ANKS to introduce a bill to study the effectiveness of the Vet-erans Crisis Line and the followup treatment these veterans receive. Amendment No. 2926 is based on the core elements of the original S. 2174 Veterans Crisis Line Study Act. Study-ing the Veterans Crisis Line is vital to ensure that it is successful in its mis-sion to save as many veterans as we can, and I ask my colleagues for their support. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Montana. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I would like to thank the Senator from Indiana for this amendment. It is a good amendment and is an amendment we need to pass in this body. As Senator Y
OUNG pointed out, issues around men-tal health are very prevalent. It is the signature injury coming out of the Middle East. When these folks come back home, our men and women who have served need to have access, espe-cially when they are in crisis. I thank Senator Y
OUNG . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2971 
Mr. President, I have a different amendment. This amendment does one simple thing. It stresses the impor-tance of the independence of the Office of the Inspector General at the VA. To be honest, I am not sure we should ever have had to have this amendment, but we do because it is clear the VA is de-nying access to the Office of Inspector General to get the information it needs to carry out its mission of oversight. Over the past week, there have been a flurry of letters back and forth from the VA to the IG about access to infor-mation about the nature of the rela-tionship between the two. This is what I have to say. The rhet-oric coming out of the VA is a bit trou-bling. Sunlight, bringing information to light, is the best antiseptic for good government. When the IG is doing its job correctly, that is exactly what hap-pens. So with the rhetoric that is com-ing out of the VA, it opens the door to the VA to be able to control or inter-fere for political reasons what should be the OIG’s independent oversight ef-forts. I am here to state that the VA is not above the law or exempt from inde-pendent oversight. Despite the Acting Secretary directing the inspector gen-eral to act like he is his subordinate, he is not. This amendment No. 2971 simply prohibits funds appropriated in this bill to be used in a way that limits the access of the Office of Inspector General to the information or docu-ments it deems necessary to inves-tigate and do the oversight of the VA’s work. As we have seen, the Department cannot be trusted to police itself. It must be held accountable to the vet-erans and taxpayers, and the Office of Inspector General is an important watchdog that should not be under-mined. I would like to add to the RECORD the cosponsors of this bill: Senators I
SAK-
SON, M URRAY , B LUMENTHAL , H IRONO , M
ANCHIN , DUCKWORTH , BALDWIN , KING, G
ILLIBRAND , W ARREN , BROWN , M CCAS-
KILL, JONES , DURBIN , and W YDEN . This is a good amendment. It is a good governance amendment. It is an amendment to allow us, the folks in the Senate, to offer the kind of over-sight we need to offer to the VA to make sure it is serving the veterans of this country. With that, I yield the floor. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2926 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is on agreeing to the Young amendment No. 2926. Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) and the Sen-ator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 135 Leg.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NOT VOTING—4 
Corker Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2926) was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2971 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question now occurs on agreeing to Tester amendment No. 2971. Mr. BARRASSO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ). and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 96, nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 136 Leg.] YEAS—96 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Hyde-Smith Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NOT VOTING—4 
Corker Duckworth McCain Shaheen 
The amendment (No. 2971) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Mr. President, first of all, I want to associate myself with the remarks of the Senator from Montana, Mr. T
ESTER , on his amendment in sup-port of the VA’s inspector general posi-tion. I believe it is critical to ensuring oversight and accountability at the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. What this amendment does and the reason I support it is that it ensures that the inspector general’s office can fully vet, investigate, and examine the cases presented to them by making cer-tain they have access to the necessary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.036 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4273 June 20, 2018 
records and documentation within the Department of Veterans Affairs. To ar-rive at the truth, the inspector general must have all of the information asso-ciated with any given situation to de-termine what is accurate and who should be held accountable. Mr. President, I also want to express my pleasure in speaking today in re-gard to something I have long advo-cated for, and I compliment the three chairmen and women here in support of the appropriations bills of which they have jurisdiction, but we need regular order, and this return to regular order for consideration of the fiscal year 2019 appropriations process is important to the U.S. Senate. More importantly, it is valuable to the American people and valuable to my constituents home in Kansas. As a U.S. Senator and a member of the Appropriations Committee, our duty is to fund the Federal Govern-ment in a responsible way that will wisely utilize every taxpayer dollar, which requires a deliberation to prioritize Federal spending. I also think, when we can return to regular order, we have greater ability to influ-ence decisions made by Cabinet Secre-taries, department heads, bureau chiefs, and agency heads because we can influence decisions they make be-cause of the power of the purse string. On the appropriations bills we are de-bating this week, I want to call atten-tion to the MILCON-VA appropriations bill and the great work Senator B
OOZ-
MAN and his ranking member, Senator S
CHATZ , have achieved as chairman and ranking member of the subcommittee. I am very familiar with their staff, and I compliment them on their work. This bill provides an additional $1 billion in fiscal year 2019 for the VA to provide veterans access to care in the community, and to avoid any lapse in that care, this bill provides $11 billion in advance appropriations for fiscal year 2020. The point I am making is, we have worked hard to provide services in the community for veterans who either can’t get the service or live such a dis-tance from the VA or, now, because of the new law, when it is in their best in-terests to have care provided in the community. It is necessary we provide the funding to accomplish that. We have the opportunity to provide veterans and the VA with appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 that builds on the momentum the reform legislation, which just became law, the VA MIS-SION Act, provides. I want to make sure we do the right things because we want the VA MISSION Act to work. On June 6, we paid tribute to one of our Nation’s heroes who bravely stormed the beaches of Normandy in November of 1944. In addition, 2 weeks ago today, on June 6, Senator B
OOZMAN  and I, as well as many of our col-leagues, were at the White House, where we joined the President as he signed the VA MISSION Act into law. The VA MISSION Act represents a significant achievement in providing our Nation’s veterans with access to the care they are entitled to and that they deserve. Just as I urged my colleagues to sup-port the VA MISSION Act, I call on my colleagues to support the appropria-tions for implementation of the re-forms contained in this legislation. It is critical we do so to make certain veterans can rely on a community care program that meets their needs and of-fers access to the care they deserve. The MISSION Act delivers several critical reforms that the funding pro-vided in this bill will enable the VA to carry out and build on. Particularly helpful for the appropriations process, it requires the Department to submit routine strategic plans to Congress and develop a multiyear budget process to better forecast future needs and re-quirements. It also mandates market area assessments to better understand what communities and local VAs are able to offer their veterans, allowing the VA and Congress to better identify gaps that require more resources to be filled and prevent redundancy; in other words, to provide the resources where they are needed and to make sure we don’t spend them where they are not. As my colleagues are aware, the VA has faced several budget shortfalls in recent years. We have been on the floor often, and I have spoken about this nu-merous times. Unfortunately, it has re-quired our attention numerous times. The VA has been unable to estimate how much money they will need to pro-vide care in the community through the Choice Act, and this legislation re-quires a process by which they can ac-curately forecast those needs, particu-larly when it comes to care in the com-munity. I have long believed that when it comes to the VA, it isn’t a lack of funds that is the problem. In fact, we have consistently—and this bill does it again—increased their budget. Instead, it is a problem of how they spend the funds that are appropriated to them, how they manage those funds, and how the Department of Veterans Affairs is led. I am confident reforms like those in-cluded in the MISSION Act will enable the VA to be a better steward of tax-payer funds, while also enabling them to better carry out their mission of providing veterans with the care and benefits they are entitled to through consistent, stable budgeting. As reforms in the VA MISSION Act and the new community care programs are implemented over the next year, it is important that third-party adminis-trators—administration entities which managed the community care program, Choice, in its old days for the VA— manage a network of community pro-viders that serve veterans. Continuity of care is paramount to the success of VA’s community care program, and we must ensure that the VA maintains veterans’ access to the care they need by utilizing third-party administrators during the implementation stage of these reforms. I remind my colleagues that the VA is not ready to manage or operate a health network themselves. Our ur-gency to fund the Choice Program dur-ing repeated shortfalls in the past was, in part, out of the necessity of making certain that network continued to sup-port veterans and those third-party ad-ministrators—the services they pro-vide. I do not believe the VA is now ca-pable of building or replicating those networks that currently exist, and I would indicate that, at least in part, the contract with the third-party ad-ministrator is terminated on June 30, and we need assurance the Department of Veterans Affairs has a plan to make certain those contracts are extended so that care does not lapse. This next year must be focused on the implementation of the MISSION Act and readying the VA healthcare system for its transformation. Any dis-traction from completing this mission is unfair to veterans who will benefit from it and puts the community care program at risk. Our work on the MISSION Act and a community care program is in jeopardy if the Department of Veterans Affairs declines or is unable to renew con-tracts to keep the network in place. We are on the cusp of real reform and transformation at the VA which will benefit veterans and their families for decades to come. I can think of no greater obligation during this year’s appropriations process than ensuring veterans, and the programs that serve them, are resourced to deliver the care and benefits they deserve. I thank the chairman, Senator BOOZ-
MAN, the ranking member, Senator S
CHATZ , and their staff for their exper-tise and their work in making sure the appropriations process lends its sup-port to the MISSION Act—the John McCain MISSION Act—we enacted in the Senate and was signed by the President now just a few short days ago. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the im-ages that we have seen from our own country over the past few days are shocking and heartbreaking. They don’t reflect our values as a nation. I am glad the President is reversing course. I am glad that he is signing something, putting a stop to his ad-ministration’s cruel, pointless, and heartless policy of separating children from their parents at the border. That is just the beginning of the work that needs to be done to undo the damage that the President’s policy has in-flicted on these children and to begin to create a more human and humane immigration solution. Any parent can tell you that being separated from a child is one of the worst things you can imagine. We have seen pictures and heard the sounds of crying children—children who are still in diapers. When I first heard that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.038 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4274 June 20, 2018 
audio clip—I think all of us remember the first time we heard it—of children who were screaming and crying for their parents, I almost couldn’t listen to it. As an American, as a human being, as a father, as a grandfather, it was re-volting. It should be hard to listen to. We should recoil at those terrible sounds. The second it is not heard, the second we shrug our shoulders and do nothing at the sounds of little children who are wailing, that is the second we lose our humanity. It is hard for us to listen to. If it is hard for us to listen to—if it makes us uncomfortable—that is nothing compared to what it must mean, to what it must feel like, and what those parents are going through. Yesterday, the administration re-ported that some 2,300 children were taken from their parents at the border in just a single month. Everybody in this body has gone to a school, and probably everybody in this body has gone to a grade school to visit. Remem-ber what it is like to walk down the hall or to walk into a gym or to walk into a classroom and see dozens or even hundreds of children. Think about that. Think of walking into a school and seeing happy children—lots of them, dozens of children—who are sing-ing or talking or playing on a play-ground. Now think of these 2,300 children who were taken from their parents at the border in a single month—from May 5 to June 9. For 5 weeks, there were 60 kids taken, every single day, on aver-age. There were 60 kids yesterday, 60 kids the day before, and 60 kids the day before that. We don’t know how many since June 9, but from May 5 to June 9, there had been 60 kids every single day. Clearly, the President did the right thing. Clearly, the President did it under great political pressure. Clearly, the President never admitted he was wrong about it. That is not something he would do, unlike most human beings I know. Yet signing something today doesn’t magically reunite those fami-lies overnight. It is not like these chil-dren now—as any of my colleagues who have watched children who are at a grade school, who will run out to the cars when their moms pick them up or run out to the playground, joyfully, when their dads visit. They will not magically reunite with their families overnight. Signing this order the Presi-dent signed—oh, so clearly reluc-tantly—will not undo the trauma those children have endured. We still don’t have good answers as to what has happened to those kids or what kinds of conditions they are liv-ing under. We have heard reports of siblings who have been ripped from their parents that they can’t hug each other. We have heard of staff being told they are not allowed to comfort these children by touching them and hugging them. Imagine that. A child is taken away from her mother, and you are not even allowed to comfort her. You are just supposed to let her scream. That is inhumane, un-American, and is counter to everything most of us—at least in this body, if not the White House—have been taught. Dr. Colleen Kraft, the current Presi-dent of the American Academy of Pedi-atrics and the past medical director of the Health Network by Cincinnati Chil-dren’s in my State, warned that the toxic stress resulting from these sepa-rations can slow down brain develop-ment. She called it ‘‘a form of child abuse.’’ Today, I demanded answers from the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices and from the Secretary of Home-land Security about what they are doing to care for the mental, physical, and emotional well-being of the thou-sands of traumatized children in their custody. This chapter isn’t closed. You don’t just say, ‘‘Thank you, Mr. President, for finally doing the right thing. Ev-erything is fine.’’ We have to track those 2,300 children for that month’s period. There have been almost 2 weeks since then and more children. We have to find these children, comfort them, and examine them. Pediatricians have warned that this is some kind of child abuse because it can slow down brain development, and these children have already seen horrors that the rest of us can’t imagine. Some of these parents are seeking asylum in America. They are fleeing violence, and they are just looking for a safe place for their children. Who knows how many of these children al-ready were traumatized because they had lived in a war zone, because they had lived in an area with all kinds of violence from drug wars. They were pulled out of that and were traveling with almost nothing but the clothes on their backs and very little, with one or both parents, and went north, not knowing what was going to happen each day and seeing things that almost none of us growing up has seen. Then they were separated from their parents at the border. The way we keep our country safe is by going after terrorists and violent criminals, not by turning our backs on families and children just like ours, whose only goal is to escape violence and persecution. We have a lot of work to do to fix our immigration system, but tearing fami-lies apart will not solve anything. We need to come together, and we need to work on a bipartisan solution that rec-ognizes we aren’t going to deport 13 million people who are already here. We can secure our borders. We can cre-ate a pathway for people to earn citi-zenship if they follow the law, to have a job, and pay taxes. My son-in-law, Alejandro, lives in Cranston, RI—the boyhood home of our colleague Senator J
ACKREED. He was 10 years old—maybe 11 years old—when he came to this country. His mother was a journalist. She had her life threatened as a journalist in El Sal-vador. She fled their country to come to our country. The parents then went to New York. We embrace people like that—who are refugees, whose lives we can save, and who can contribute so much to our country, as Alejandro has and his mother has. His whole family has contributed to this country. He is the father of two of our grandchildren now. This may be a complicated issue, but we are a country of values that pro-tects people. We are a haven for so many people. We have made a dif-ference in so many lives because of who we are and what our values are. Surely, it is a complicated issue, but the ad-ministration has only made it so much worse. It has added the challenge of having to undo the damage it has done in having to work to get those children back to their parents and help to make them whole. I hope we are seeing the end of this heartlessness. I hope this isn’t a one- step pullback by the President, and then there will be more attacks on im-migrants and more attacks on chil-dren. We have a lot of work to do to pick up the pieces and reunite families. The administration needs to provide answers immediately as to how it is going to make that happen and end the cries of these children with comforting words and much more. I close with this story. I had a message on Facebook from an Ohioan. He had heard the tragic story of a 10-year-old with Down syndrome who was reportedly separated from her parents at the border. That is barbaric, but this Ohioan gives me hope. He wrote that he and his wife have a daughter with Down syndrome. They wanted to offer to take in the little girl and her mother and have them stay with their family in Ohio. Imagine that. Those are the values of Ohioans. Those are the values of North Caro-linians. Those are the values of Ameri-cans. They are not the President’s val-ues, who, because of whatever motive, has separated these families. That en-compasses the State and the country I love—this family who wrote to us. I know there are so many more Ameri-cans out there who feel the same way— who practice compassion, whose hearts break for these children. It is time for their government to step up and reflect those values of this great country. Mr. President, yesterday, I met a vet-eran from Massillon, OH, James Pow-ers. Mr. Powers brought to my atten-tion a problem he was having with the VA’s accounting mistakes, and our conversation led to a bill I introduced with Senator TESTER , a Montana Dem-ocrat, and Senator B
OOZMAN , an Arkan-sas Republican, the bipartisan Veteran Debt Fairness Act. Both Senators serve with me on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Both Senators know how VA overpayment and debt affect veterans every day. James retired 2 years ago, but he no-ticed that the Army was continuing to pay him both an Active-Duty salary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.041 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4275 June 20, 2018 
and retirement benefits. James caught the mistake. He did the honorable thing. He notified the VA it was over-paying him, but the VA continued to overpay him. Then it charged him twice to recoup the overpayments, and they garnished his benefits. The staff in my office worked with the VA to resolve James’s issues, but this should never have happened in the first place. It is fixed now. He had to go through that. To his credit, to James’s credit, he wanted to make sure his ex-perience, which was uncomfortable—or worse at times—would change policy and affect future veterans so they wouldn’t have to go through this, which is why I admire him so much. This story is too common. In 2016, the VA issued some 200,000 overpay-ment notices to veterans. When this happens, the agency often tries to get its money back by withholding some or all of the monthly disability payments our veterans have earned. Our veterans deal with enough stress already. They shouldn’t be forced to pay for the VA’s accounting mistakes. Our bill would ban the VA from charging veterans for its own mistake in overpayments. It should protect vet-erans’ payments who depend on their benefits by capping the amount the VA can deduct from a veteran’s monthly payment at 25 percent. It would ban the VA from collecting debts that are more than 5 years old. Our veterans sacrifice so much al-ready to serve our country. I am the first Ohioan to ever serve a full term. I have been on this committee now for 12 years, the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. I am on that committee be-cause we should serve those who serve us. We should protect those who pro-tect us. The veterans shouldn’t be pay-ing for the mistakes of the agency that is supposed to serve them. Unfortunately, our bill was not in-cluded in the National Defense Author-ization Act last week. Instead, we have an amendment to the MILCON-VA bill to require the VA to track down these overpayments and report to Congress on the scope of VA debt. We will con-tinue to push for the Tester-Boozman bill, but I hope all of my colleagues will join me in supporting this bipar-tisan, commonsense step toward fixing VA overpayment and debt for Amer-ica’s veterans. I yield the floor. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I have submitted amendment No. 2955 to H.R. 5895 on behalf of Senator J
EANNE SHA-
HEEN . I strongly support the provision’s intent to ensure that veterans in New Hampshire receive the best possible care. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The majority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for amendment No. 2910. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Sen-ate amendment No. 2910 to Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895, an act making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. John Thune, Todd Young, Lamar Alex-ander, John Boozman, Ben Sasse, John-ny Isakson, Thom Tillis, Cindy Hyde- Smith, David Perdue, John Cornyn, Patrick J. Toomey, Pat Roberts, Jeff Flake, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, Tim Scott, Mitch McConnell. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the bill H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Calendar No. 449, H.R. 5895, an act making appropria-tions for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. John Thune, Todd Young, Lamar Alex-ander, John Boozman, Ben Sasse, John-ny Isakson, Thom Tillis, Cindy Hyde- Smith, David Perdue, John Cornyn, Patrick J. Toomey, Pat Roberts, Jeff Flake, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, Tim Scott, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, here is where we are. I filed cloture, but we anticipate that will not actu-ally be necessary and we will be able to vitiate the cloture motions tomorrow because we anticipate being able to process additional amendments throughout the day and wrap the bill up sometime tomorrow afternoon. But there will be an opportunity during the day to continue to process amend-ments, and we should be able to finish the bill this week without resorting to cloture. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the June 19, 2018, vote on Senate amendment 2914 to Sen-ate amendment 2910 to H.R. 5895, En-ergy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. I would have voted yea. Mr. President, I was necessarily ab-sent for the June 19, 2018, vote on Sen-ate amendment 2920 to Senate amend-ment 2910 to H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. I would have voted yea. f 
WORLD REFUGEE DAY Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today in honor of World Refugee Day and to express my deep concern over the Trump administration’s sys-tematic assault on refugees, asylum seekers, and the United States’ refugee resettlement program. Manmade conflict, natural disasters, poverty, and violence have left the world in the midst of the largest ref-ugee crisis in recorded history with over 25 million refugees worldwide. Tragically, less than 1 percent of these individuals will ever be resettled to a third country. The United States was built on the hopes and dreams of those fleeing per-secution and oppression, those seeking better lives for themselves and their families. The values and moral com-pass that embraced these individuals and shone as a beacon of freedom have made this country great. In times of crisis, the United States traditionally asserted global leadership through these values that have made this coun-try so successful. That leadership served as an important uniting and mo-tivating voice in the face of tremen-dous international challenges. Unfortunately, instead of asserting moral and strategic leadership, the Trump administration has chosen to retreat. The President has traded in our proud tradition of lifting up the most vulnerable for an agenda of de-grading and insulting those who seek our support. Starting with his asser-tion that Mexicans are ‘‘rapists’’ and ‘‘drug dealers,’’ this President has spent his tenure as our Nation’s leader attacking America’s immigrant and refugee communities. The President said he wanted to protect Dreamers; yet he abruptly ended the DACA pro-gram throwing the lives of 800,000 peo-ple into great uncertainty. He imposed a slap-dash Muslim ban that has been repeatedly struck down by the courts. He has slowed refugee admissions to a trickle, closing America’s doors to some of the most vulnerable people on the planet, reducing America’s global leadership standing. Driven by vitriolic voices, the Presi-dent and the Attorney General to-gether have worked to effectively de-stroy the refugee resettlement pro-gram, which traditionally received broad bipartisan support. Last Sep-tember, the President decreed that the number of refugees to be admitted in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.042 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4276 June 20, 2018 
fiscal year 2018 should be 45,000—half of the historic average. Even more con-cerning, it is now clear that this ad-ministration is further rigging the ad-missions program to ensure that only a fraction of that number of people will be allowed in. In the first quarter of 2018, just 6,704 refugees were resettled, compared to 25,671 in 2017 and 13,791 in 2016. The U.S. Refugee Resettlement Pro-gram—and the faith groups, organiza-tions, families and individuals that as-sist it—supports the most vulnerable. These are the victims of torture, people with urgent medical needs, and des-perate women and children. They are not safe in their home country. They have gone through extensive multi-agency vetting before even reaching the United States. We are witnessing the intentional dismantling of a pro-gram that has helped the world’s most defenseless, built our leadership abroad and here at home helped create thriv-ing, diverse communities across the country, including in places like Cam-den and Elizabeth in my home State of New Jersey. Despite its effort to prove the oppo-site by commissioning a study by the Department of Health and Human Services, the administration’s own re-port found that refugees have had a net positive economic impact in the United States over the past decade. The study concluded that between 2005 and 2014, refugees ‘‘contributed an estimated $269.1 billion in revenues to all levels of government’’ and estimated the net positive fiscal impact of refugees over the 10-year period to be $63 billion. Alarming and horrifically, we have witnessed the administration’s callous and misguided approach to migrants and refugees most recently on our southern border. American citizens and people around the world have watched in horror as U.S. officials are forcibly pulling babies and children out of their parents’ arms, tearing families apart, and using preposterous defenses for their actions. This is not the United States I know. This is not the United States that has stood as a champion for the rule of law and human rights. The President has blamed those flee-ing persecution. He has blamed Demo-crats. He has taken no responsibility. His tweets have only gotten more hysterical. His repeated demands for a ridiculous wall are not a solution and only further fuel negative perceptions of the United States. The party of ‘‘family values’’ has be-come the part of ‘‘family separation.’’ This ‘‘policy’’ is not required by U.S. law. This is a choice that this adminis-tration has made. It was a policy choice to charge asylum seekers in criminal court with illegal entry. In es-sence, it seems that President Trump and Attorney General Sessions want to turn every asylum seeker into a crimi-nal and every child into a foster child. It is easy to be distracted by the President’s tweets and outlandish statements. The palace intrigue com-ing from the White House provide end-less fodder for the talking heads on TV, but we cannot lose focus on the real harms being done to our fellow human beings and to our global standing. On this World Refugee Day, let us come together and remember that part what makes America great is our open doors that have welcomed people from all over the world. We have been a shining city on a hill; a beacon of light and hope. Since 2001, the United States has settled nearly a million refugees. They are our friends, our neighbors, our coworkers. They sit next to your kid in school, and someday, they may grow up to be a Secretary of State like Madeleine Albright. What kind of a country do we want to be? A country where we rip children from their parents? A country that keeps out refugees because of their re-ligion? I have seen a quote posted on Twitter, pasted on signs at rallies, even on a church bulletin board—I don’t know who said it first—but it bears re-peating here: ‘‘Rather than a wall, America needs to build a giant mirror to reflect on what we’ve become.’’ 
f 
FOOD LABELING Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Jacob’s letter and my response letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEAR SENATOR RUBIO: Approximately a year and half ago I was diagnosed with Ce-liac, which means that I can only eat gluten free foods. There are not a lot of things that are la-beled gluten free and there should be more. A lot of things right now I have to look up to see if they’re gluten free. I have read some articles that explain how every company should label their products. It’s also hard to know for sure if something is safe to eat when I go food shopping, out with my friends, and to restaurants. It would be great if the government could find a way to put food labeling on packages consistently. Thank you for putting your time into this. Sincerely, J
ACOB TANNENBAUM . 
UNITED STATES SENATE , Washington, DC, June 20, 2018. Jacob Tannenbaum, 202 Royal Palm Way, Boca Raton, FL. D
EARJACOB : Thank you for your letter re-garding food labeling. Hearing from fellow Floridians on issues that affect millions of Americans, including children, is important for me to do my job in the U.S. Senate. Food allergies are sometimes mild and eas-ily preventable by avoiding consumption of certain foods, while other cases may be life- threatening. With respect to celiac disease, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) estimates that there are approxi-mately 3 million people in the United States, like you, who must refrain from ingesting gluten. Among its many roles, the FDA is respon-sible for ensuring the safety of our nation’s food supply by enforcing labeling laws and regulations. The Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–282) was enacted to require a list of in-gredients that may cause allergic reactions to be included on food labels. Further, the law tasked the Secretary of Health and Human Services to define the term ‘‘gluten- free’’ on food labels. The FDA issued its final ‘‘gluten-free’’ rule in 2013. Currently, all FDA regulated food products and dietary supplements (including imports from other countries) which bear a ‘‘gluten-free’’ label must comply with the agency’s 2013 vol-untary labeling law. Under the rule, ‘‘gluten- free’’ means a food is either naturally glu-ten-free, is not constituted from gluten-con-taining grains, is constituted from gluten- containing grains that have been processed to remove gluten, or has an ‘‘unavoidable presence’’ of gluten of not more than 20 parts per million. With the prevalence of food allergies im-pacting millions across our nation, the fed-eral government plays an important role in enforcing voluntary labeling requirements, based on sound science, to ensure consumer safety and confidence. National, uniform, voluntary labeling standards establish con-sistency for businesses engaged in interstate commerce, while providing necessary protec-tions for consumers to make safe choices when selecting what food products to pur-chase and eat. Mandatory labeling, however, could pose significant burdens on industry and produce confusion for consumers with a multitude of labels for every food allergy recognized by the federal government on each product. I understand your concerns that it may be difficult at times to determine what is safe to eat. The good news is that we live in a country blessed with a plethora of food op-tions, and a market that responds quickly to consumer needs and demands. This evolving market, in concert with federal standards for voluntary labeling, means that it will only get easier for all Americans to find the in-gredient and nutrition you need to make safe and smart choices in the future. It is an honor and a privilege to serve you as your United States Senator, and I com-mend you for bringing awareness to this im-portant issue. Sincerely, MARCO RUBIO, U.S. Senator. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, as you may know, I voted in favor of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that became law last year. Every day we are learning more about the positive impact this law is having on the economy and about aver-age Americans having more money in their paychecks. While it is important to appreciate the effects that the tax law had on individuals, we should not forget that small businesses have bene-fited from the law as well. As chairman of the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, I sup-ported the legislation because I be-lieved it would allow small business owners to invest in their businesses, in-crease overall economic growth, and reduce taxes for the millions of small businesses who employ the majority of Americans in every part of the coun-try. I also saw the potential that the legislation would have, not just to give an economic boost to small businesses in my home State of Idaho, but to spark renewed confidence from small businesses across the country. A couple of weeks ago, I began this series of speeches to bring attention to small businesses that have benefited from this law. While there are many stories about small businesses benefitting from tax reform, I rise today to talk about Dempsey Wood Products in Orange-burg, SC. Dempsey Wood Products of-fers a wide variety of high-quality pine and hardwood products to its cus-tomers. The company serves many dif-ferent industries with kiln-dried lum-ber for the housing industry, pallet stock for pallet manufacturers, de-barked chips for the paper industry, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.053 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4277 June 20, 2018 
mulch for landscapers, and sawdust for alternative fuel use. The company em-ploys about 80 to 100 workers and has an extensive sawmill and dry kiln oper-ation. Ronny Dempsey started the company in 1988 and has spent all of his life around the lumber industry. His fa-ther, Charles Parker Dempsey, worked in various sawmills over the course of his career and eventually was the co-owner of a sawmill that he later sold. Today Parker Dempsey, a third-genera-tion sawmill operator, has taken over as president, though his father, Ronny, is still by his side as vice president of the company. This family-owned small business has already benefitted greatly from the tax law that was passed last year. They have announced plans to upgrade their sawmill, purchase a new dry kiln, and invest in a new planer mill over the next 5 years. They expect the capital expenditure to total $7 million and es-timate that they could add a second shift in the near future, thereby cre-ating new jobs in the Orangeburg com-munity. These investments were viable for the company due to the accelerated depreciation provisions contained in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This sec-tion of the law allows companies to de-duct the value of any new equipment purchased in a single year, instead of over several years. Tax reform has had a material impact on small businesses like Dempsey Wood Products and their employees. Overall, the new law has in-creased small businesses’ confidence, employee bonuses and wages, while lowering taxes and spurring new cap-ital investment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALAN L. GUNN Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, today, Senator C
RAPO and I recognize and con-gratulate Mr. Alan L. Gunn on his up-coming retirement from the U.S. De-partment of Energy after more than 40 years of distinguished service in var-ious roles at the U.S. Navy and U.S. Department of Energy. In 1980, Mr. Gunn received a bachelor of science degree from Mississippi State University and went on to com-plete graduate work in business admin-istration at Louisiana State Univer-sity, Virginia Polytechnic Institute, State University of New York at Al-bany, and Idaho State University. In February 1982, Mr. Gunn com-pleted the Navy officer candidate school as a distinguished military graduate and was commissioned as a Navy officer. He was selected for duty in the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Pro-gram and served as both a member of the staff of the Director, Naval Nuclear Propulsion program in Washington, DC, and as a field representative for the director in Schenectady, NY, and Idaho Falls, ID. In 1996, Mr. Gunn completed the Col-lege of Naval Warfare program in resi-dence at the U.S. Naval War College, Newport, RI, and received a master of arts degree in national security and strategic studies. Since the completion of his Active- Duty service, Mr. Gunn has served as a civilian with the U.S. Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in numerous lead-ership and management positions with the Office of Naval Reactors in Wash-ington, DC, the Idaho branch office of Naval Reactors, the Naval Reactors Laboratory field office, and the Idaho operations office. In 2007, after completing over 28 years of Active and Reserve military service, Mr. Gunn retired as a captain in the U.S. Navy. Most recently, Mr. Gunn served as the principal deputy manager for Nu-clear Energy and served as the assist-ant manager for programs and facili-ties at the Department of Energy’s Idaho Operations Office, DOE-ID. In his current capacity, he provides excep-tional leadership for DOE-ID’s nuclear programs and Idaho facilities manage-ment divisions, national security pro-grams, the Radiological and Environ-mental Science Laboratory, and the Of-fice of Project Management project. Mr. Gunn’s organization is respon-sible for oversight of the Idaho Na-tional Laboratory, INL, and other con-tractor performance on nuclear energy, education, national security, and other research and development projects and programs, including strategic partner-ship projects and the INL laboratory directed research and development pro-grams; as well as facility and infra-structure operations, maintenance, planning, and other activities associ-ated with facility and infrastructure operations at the INL. Mr. Gunn also provides direct support to the specific manufacturing capability, SMC, project that includes the oversight of the maintenance and operations of the SMC facilities, as well as the pro-grammatic oversight of the armor pro-duction. Through his years of dedicated serv-ice, Mr. Gunn exemplifies the best qualities of Idaho. Senator C
RAPO and I want to thank Alan for his service and wish him well in all of his future en-deavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DENNIS E. FRYE Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I wish to recognize a dedicated public servant and proud student of West Virginian and American history, Dennis E. Frye, on the occasion of his retirement from the National Park Service. Innumer-able visitors to Harpers Ferry National Historical Park benefited from his wealth of knowledge and notorious per-formances that brought history to life. As Dennis tells it, at a young age, he wanted to be either a historian or an astronaut. Once he found out that be-coming an astronaut entails being very good at math, he decided history was the way to go. He studied at what was then Shepherd College in Shepherdstown, WV, while volun-teering at Harpers Ferry National His-torical Park, becoming a park ranger in 1977. Eschewing the traditional route of advancement in the National Park Service through moving from park to park, Dennis stayed put and advanced within the park, and set about the task of changing perceptions of Harpers Ferry in the Civil War his-tory community. As staff historian and later chief his-torian at the park and through his work in various historical societies concerned with the Civil War, Dennis emphasized the importance of Harpers Ferry to the history of the Civil War. Thanks, in large part, to his efforts, the Battle of Harpers Ferry and the im-portance of the town in the history of America are better recognized by the historical community, of which he is a vocal member. Indeed, Dennis’s dedica-tion to his passion as an advocate and student of history is apparent from the 10-year sabbatical he took to focus on writing historical works and to serve as president of the Civil War Trust, an organization dedicated to the preserva-tion of Civil War battlefields. He is also a recipient of the Shelby Foote Award from the Civil War Trust, the National Park Service’s Freeman Tilden Award for excellence in interpretation and education, and the Nevins-Freeman Award for outstanding contributions to the study of the Civil War. Dennis later returned as chief histo-rian of Harpers Ferry National Histor-ical Park, where his work of inspiring and educating visitors, including my staff and myself, through meticulous detail and dramatic performances con-tinued to the present day. If the job of a historian is to both impart knowl-edge and ensure the lessons of history remain with us, then Dennis Frye is a master in his field. No one who knows him doubts that Dennis E. Frye will continue to be a forceful advocate for his passions in re-tirement, which includes being an ar-dent fan of the Boston Red Sox. I be-lieve I speak for many when I say that I sincerely appreciate his public service and the contributions he has made to a better understanding of the history of West Virginia and America. I am proud to call him a friend, and I wish him well in his future pursuits. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO ROCKY BARKER ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Rocky Barker for his ex-tensive career as an Idaho journalist. Rocky is retiring from the Idaho Statesman where he worked as an envi-ronmental reporter-blogger-columnist for the past 22 years. Prior to his posi-tion at the Statesman, Rocky was a columnist and correspondent-at-large for the Post Register in Idaho Falls. He has also written and contributed to nu-merous books, created an Idaho news website, and received many awards and recognitions for his reporting. Over his more than 30-year career, Rocky has reported comprehensively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.057 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4278 June 20, 2018 
on issues that matter deeply to Idaho. He has dug into pressing and often con-troversial issues, including reporting on water, public lands, fish and wildlife habitat, fires, and other related mat-ters that no doubt have required con-siderable resolve. Throughout, his de-votion to reporting and his deep re-spect for the importance of a free press to our system of governance has re-mained unwavering. Congratulations, Rocky, on your years of writing. ‘‘Litera scripta manet,’’ meaning the written word en-dures, is among the inscriptions in the Library of Congress. You can go onto the next chapter of your career and life knowing that you have been an impor-tant part of taking down that written word for our great State for decades. Thank you for your devotion to and deep personal interest in chronicling issues that matter greatly for Ida-hoans. I wish you and your wife, Tina, all the best in your retirement and much happiness in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF GORHAM SAVINGS BANK ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the 150th anniversary of Gorham Savings Bank, a notable leader of financial services and commu-nity engagement in southern Maine. As the only bank headquartered in Cum-berland County, Gorham Savings Bank’s impressive, locally based eco-nomic focus allows the institution to serve as a source of strength for the community. Founded in February of 1868, Gorham Savings Bank was established by the Maine State Legislature under its first president, Captain Toppan Robie. A few weeks later, the bank began business when the first deposit of 10 cents was made. Over the years, the bank has ex-panded to multiple locations across southern Maine, incorporating new fi-nancial services to meet the expanding needs of its customers. In 1998, during my time as Governor, I attended the opening of the bank’s operations center in Gorham, ME, and hosted the ribbon- cutting ceremony. Across its branch lo-cations, Gorham Savings Bank pro-vides a variety of banking services to its customers, including resources for personal and business accounts. Through online banking services, cus-tomers have the tools they need to manage their money at their conven-ience. Today, Gorham Savings Bank has surpassed the $1 billion mark in as-sets, and last year, the bank began the restoration of the historic Grand Trunk Railway Company Building in Portland, ME, as a new office space. With over 200 employees across 13 loca-tions, the community bank is an im-portant employer in the region. In addition to serving their cus-tomers, Gorham Savings Bank sup-ports the prosperity and growth of the surrounding communities. First, the bank promotes a number of financial literacy programs, including ones for tax preparation and another geared to-wards high school students. In the edu-cation field, Gorham Savings Bank par-ticipates in job-shadowing programs and contributes to scholarship opportu-nities for individuals looking to further their education. Gorham Savings Bank also supports the growth of local busi-ness and hosts an annual Launchpad small business competition, where five Maine entrepreneurial businesses com-pete for $50,000 for business develop-ment. Thanks to the teamwork of the bank’s employees, Gorham Savings Bank has led efforts to fundraise for nonprofit organizations, including the Boys and Girls Club and United Way. I applaud Gorham Savings Bank on their achievements over the past 150 years and look forward to their contin-ued success as a force for good for the State of Maine.∑ f 
REMEMBERING ANDREW RAMOTNIK ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I commemorate the life of Andrew Ramotnik, a retired veteran from Jacksonville, FL, who recently passed away. Andy Ramotnik grew up in Pennsyl-vania coal country. Two weeks after the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, at the age of 18, he enlisted in the U.S. Army Air Corps. In 1943, after basic and radio operator training, he was as-signed to a B–25 medium bomber squad-ron based in the north African desert. On his 43rd bombing mission, Andy’s bomber was shot down over Italy, and he was captured. Andy was a prisoner of war in Stalag 17B for 19 months in Austria. In April 1945, he escaped, was recaptured, and escaped a second time. For 13 days, Andy and a fellow POW evaded capture. He was evading the enemy when the war ended in May 1945 and had to find his way to friendly troops. Andy met up with American troops and was granted leave and re-turned to service. After his return, Andy received a letter from the War Department and a check compensating him $1 for every day he was a POW. The check was for $554. It was the rest of the letter that led to my knowing Andy and his incredible story. While the check he received was for $554, Andy had actually been a POW for 567 days. However, for 13 of those days, Andy was evading capture while hiding from the Germans in the Aus-trian countryside. The Army does not pay soldiers when they are evading capture, so the Army docked Andy $13 for the days he had escaped. Now, Andy did not need the $13. It was not the money but rather the prin-ciple. He had done what was expected of him and what was prescribed in the Armed Services Code of Conduct. He had escaped, and the Army was dock-ing him for it. So when I met Andy more than 60 years later, he still had that $13 on his mind. He told me his story of the bombing missions, of his plane being shot down, and the strug-gle to get the door open so he and an-other soldier could parachute out. He told me about the POW camp, hiding in a cave during his first escape, and hid-ing at an Austrian farm during his sec-ond. He also told me how foolish he thought it was that the Army docked his pay for doing what he was supposed to do. My office looked into it. Unfortu-nately, it is a longstanding policy not to pay soldiers evading capture and an issue not easily remedied. Unfortu-nately, we could not get Andy his $13. So, with his passing, I would like to recognize the life of Andy Ramotnik and thank him for his service. On prin-ciple, I think we still owe him $13. It is a small cost to pay for an 18-year-old boy standing up to help stop the spread of tyranny and preserving the free world.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JAHA DUKUREH ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Jaha Dukureh for her Nobel Peace Prize nomination. A recent graduate of the University of Central Florida, Jaha was named one of TIME magazine’s ‘‘100 Most In-fluential People in the World’’ in 2016 and has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize this year for her work to end female genital mutilation, FMG. She was born in The Gambia, a small west African country, and was sub-jected to female genital mutilation when she was just one week old. A documentary produced by the Guardian called ‘‘The Girl Who Said No to FGM’’ was made about her story. It details how her identity was stripped again when she was forced into an ar-ranged marriage at the age of 15 in New York City and was cut for a second time. Since beginning her activism, Jaha helped usher in the ban of female gen-ital mutilation in The Gambia. It is es-timated that, by the age of 14, nearly 56 percent of girls in The Gambia were subjected to FMG. She is also the first person to have been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize from The Gambia. Jaha earned her bachelor’s degree in business administration management at Georgia Southwestern State Univer-sity in 2013. She graduated with her master’s degree in nonprofit manage-ment from the University of Central Florida in 2018. I am honored to express my sincere gratitude to Jaha for her extraordinary leadership to end this horror and look forward to hearing of her continued work in the years to come.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD ESLINGER ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I honor Donald Eslinger, the former Seminole County sheriff, for his induc-tion into the Law Enforcement Offi-cers’ Hall of Fame. Sheriff Eslinger’s law enforcement career began in 1978 as a radio dis-patcher for the department. He subse-quently rose through the ranks, lead-ing in various roles at the department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.052 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4279 June 20, 2018 
until his appointment as sheriff in 1991 and election to the position the next year. He served the community as sher-iff for 25 years, retiring in 2017. Throughout his tenure, Sheriff Eslinger focused on mental health ad-vocacy, crime reduction, and is respon-sible for the Kids House, Shop with the Sheriff, and Christmas Village pro-grams. Sheriff Eslinger was nominated by law enforcement leaders to be inducted into the Florida Law Enforcement Offi-cer’ Hall of Fame. His induction was approved by Governor Rick Scott and the State cabinet. At his induction ceremony, Sheriff Eslinger noted pro-tecting the most vulnerable in the community was at the core of the Sem-inole County Sheriff’s Office under his leadership. Sheriff Eslinger earned his bachelor’s degree from National Louis University and graduated from the Federal Bureau of Investigation National Academy in Virginia. He and his wife, Elise, have four children. I express my sincere gratitude to Sheriff Eslinger for his dedication to serving the community with the Semi-nole County Sheriff’s Office, and I wish him the very best in his retirement. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS PATTERSON MANEY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I recog-nize Judge Thomas Patterson Maney, who has served his Nation honorably and is retiring. Judge Maney served our Nation in the Army Reserve for almost 37 years, including 8 years of Active Duty, serv-ing in Panama, Haiti, Bosnia, and Af-ghanistan. As a major and lieutenant colonel, he worked with the military group at the U.S. Embassy in Panama, training the Guardia Nacional/Panama Defense Force in civil affairs and civic action. He commanded a reserve civil affairs brigade in Maryland, as well as the 350th Civil Affairs Command in Pensacola, and later served as the dep-uty commander of the Civil Affairs and Psychological Operations Command and deputy commandant of the John F. Kennedy Special Operations School at Fort Bragg. He is the recipient of the Purple Heart and retired as an Army brigadier general in 2007. Judge Maney was appointed Okaloosa County court judge by Governor Bob Martinez and assumed the bench on June 5, 1989. He was elected to the posi-tion in 1990 and was subsequently re-elected each time he was on the ballot. During his time as a circuit court judge, he served as a juvenile depend-ency judge, child support judge, and served as the Baker Act/Marchman Act judge for nearly a decade. Judge Maney shares his passion and expertise of the law with colleagues across the district and the State of Florida, delivering educational presentations for the Con-ference of County Court Judges and the Advanced Judicial College. He also started the Okaloosa Mental Health Court and the Okaloosa Veterans Treatment Court. The act establishing the Okaloosa Veterans Treatment Court was named the T. Patt Maney Veterans Treatment Court Act in his honor. Judge Maney was born in Lexington, KY, and is a graduate of the University of Kentucky, the University of Louis-ville College of Law, Troy State Uni-versity, and the Army War College. He has been married to his wife, Caroline, for almost 47 years, and they have two daughters and six grandchildren. He is also a member of the Sons of the Amer-ican Revolution. I thank Judge Maney for a lifetime of devotion to serving our Nation both overseas and on the bench. I extend my best wishes to him and his family on his well-earned retirement.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES WEIR ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I recognize Mr. James Weir with respect for his service and accomplishments as he turns 93 years old this month. Jim, as his friends refer to him, or Pap-pap, as he is known by his family, grew up in Mount Pleasant, PA, not far from Pittsburgh. Inducted into the U.S. Navy on August of 1943, Jim went to war on behalf of this Nation, fighting in Europe and Asia. On June 6, 1944, Coxswain Weir crossed the English Channel aboard a LCT(A) to deliver tanks and troops onto the beaches of Normandy. After the battle was won in Europe, Jim fought in the liberation of the Philippines and was stationed in Japan as part of the occupational forces after the war. In between those pivotal moments, Jim received a 20-day leave after D- Day. He rushed back to the States to marry his sweetheart, Laverne Myers. They had been sweethearts since he had sat behind her in sixth grade, but Laverne was only 17 and Jim’s leave was short. He loved Laverne, and she loved him. They quickly left Pennsyl-vania for Alabama, where they tied the knot before he had to return to the war. They remained in love for 73 years of marriage. After the war, he worked as a master electrician and was a renowned Cor-vette racer, leading the national Cor-vette club as its president. Jim now lives in Miami, FL, where he has two granddaughters and six great-grand-children who love him dearly. In honor of his 93rd birthday, for his service to our great Nation and his love for his family and community, I would like to recognize my friend Jim Weir and look forward to seeing him on his 94th birthday this time next year. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE FORRESTER ∑Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I want to honor longtime Oregon jour-nalist Steve Forrester. Steve has retired as editor and pub-lisher of the Daily Astorian. He will re-main president and chief executive offi-cer of the EO Media Group, which owns the Astorian, as well as several other newspapers, including publications in eastern Oregon, but we will no longer benefit from his day-to-day leadership at the Astorian. I have known Steve for nearly 40 years, since he was a reporter in Wash-ington, DC, and I was a young Member of the House. In all that time, Steve has never hesitated to ask the tough questions and to be fiercely devoted to local journalism’s principles and im-portance. The theme running consist-ently throughout Steve’s career has been always to ensure local readers un-derstand the impact of decisions and policies made in Congress, the state-house, and city hall. I particularly wanted to honor Steve today because, over the Fourth of July recess, I will be home in Oregon high-lighting the foundational freedoms of the First Amendment with events cele-brating those freedoms of religion, speech, assembly, and the press. The Founding Fathers knew those First Amendment freedoms were core to our country and to creating the val-ues that have made America a destina-tion for all who hunger to be free of fear and liberated to pursue their dreams. As the child of parents who fled the Nazis for refuge in the United States, I learned early on about the im-portance of these freedoms. As the son of a reporter, I also learned especially about the importance of the freedom of the press. Because Steve has contributed so much to a vibrant and free press in our great State of Oregon, I will be proud to present him on July 1, in Astoria, with a ‘‘Go Fourth’’ award. Steve’s ca-reer makes him richly deserving of this award and an inspiration for Oregon journalists for generations to come. I suspect Steve will exercise his self- deprecating modesty and question why he is worthy of such attention. I know Steve would much rather shine the spotlight on others, but the bottom line is I want Oregon to recognize his enormous and long-lasting contribu-tions to making our State a better place to live and to making all of us as Oregonians better-informed citizens. ∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and withdrawals which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.060 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4280 June 20, 2018 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3192. An act to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to ensure access to men-tal health services for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. H.R. 4005. An act to promote State innova-tions to ease transitions to the community for individuals who are inmates of a public institution and eligible for medical assist-ance under the Medicaid program. H.R. 4627. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize expendi-tures to combat emerging terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks, and for other purposes. H.R. 4991. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Na-tional Urban Security Technology Labora-tory, and for other purposes. H.R. 5590. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on recommendations for changes under Medicare and Medicaid to pre-vent opioids addictions and enhance access to medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes. H.R. 5605. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment demonstration program, and for other purposes. H.R. 5676. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the sus-pension of payments by Medicare prescrip-tion drug plans and MA-PD plans pending in-vestigations of credible allegations of fraud by pharmacies. H.R. 5687. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require im-proved packaging and disposal methods with respect to certain drugs, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5723. An act to require the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to report on opioid payment, adverse incentives, and data under the Medicare program. H.R. 5762. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the De-partment of Homeland Security’s border se-curity operations to detect, interdict, dis-rupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes. H.R. 5773. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require electronic prior authorization for covered part D drugs and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medi-care program. H.R. 5774. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidance on pain management and opioid use disorder prevention for hospitals receiving payment under part A of the Medicare pro-gram, provide for opioid quality measures development, and provide for a technical ex-pert panel on reducing surgical setting opioid use and data collection on perioperative opioid use, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 5775. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare Advantage plans and part D prescription drug plans to include information on the risks associated with opioids, coverage of certain nonopioid treatments used to treat pain, and on the safe disposal of prescription drugs, and for other purposes. H.R. 5796. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide tech-nical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids, and for other purposes. H.R. 5801. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for require-ments under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled substances. H.R. 5811. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for cer-tain controlled substances, and for other purposes. H.R. 6042. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification sys-tem, and for other purposes. H.R. 6110. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the re-view and adjustment of payments under the Medicare outpatient prospective payment system to avoid financial incentives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternative treatments, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3192. An act to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to ensure access to men-tal health services for children under the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 4005. An act to promote State innova-tions to ease transitions to the community for individuals who are inmates of a public institution and eligible for medical assist-ance under the Medicaid program to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 4627. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize expendi-tures to combat emerging terrorist threats, including vehicular attacks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 4991. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Na-tional Urban Security Technology Labora-tory, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 5590. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide for an action plan on recommendations for changes under Medicare and Medicaid to pre-vent opioids addictions and enhance access to medication-assisted treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 5605. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for an opioid use disorder treatment demonstration program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5676. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to authorize the sus-pension of payments by Medicare prescrip-tion drug plans and MA–PD plans pending in-vestigations of credible allegations of fraud by pharmacies; to the Committee on Fi-nance. H.R. 5687. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require im-proved packaging and disposal methods with respect to certain drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 5723. An act to require the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to report on opioid payment, adverse incentives, and data under the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5762. An act to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize a Joint Task Force to enhance integration of the De-partment of Homeland Security’s border se-curity operations to detect, interdict, dis-rupt, and prevent narcotics, such as fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, from entering the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 5773. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require electronic prior authorization for covered part D drugs and to provide for other program integrity measures under parts C and D of the Medi-care program; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5774. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidance on pain management and opioid use disorder prevention for hospitals receiving payment under part A of the Medicare pro-gram, provide for opioid quality measures development, and provide for a technical ex-pert panel on reducing surgical setting opioid use and data collection on perioperative opioid use, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5775. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require Medicare Advantage plans and part D prescription drug plans to include information on the risks associated with opioids, coverage of certain nonopioid treatments used to treat pain, and on the safe disposal of prescription drugs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5796. An act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide grants for eligible entities to provide tech-nical assistance to outlier prescribers of opioids, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 5801. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for require-ments under the Medicaid program relating to the use of qualified prescription drug monitoring programs and prescribing certain controlled substances; to the Committee on Finance. H.R. 5811. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to postapproval study requirements for cer-tain controlled substances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 6042. An act to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification sys-tem, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. H.R. 6110. An act to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the re-view and adjustment of payments under the Medicare outpatient prospective payment system to avoid financial incentives to use opioids instead of non-opioid alternative treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME The following bills were read the first time: 
S. 3093. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. S. 3100. A bill to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.032 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4281 June 20, 2018 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on Appropriations: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Allocation to Subcommittees of Budget To-tals for Fiscal Year 2019’’ (Rept. No. 115–280). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 3092. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to provide certain require-ments relating to commitments by State agencies to provide the State share of the ad-ministrative costs of administering the sup-plemental nutrition assistance program; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. F
LAKE , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. M
ORAN , Mr. S ASSE, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. D AINES , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. C
RAPO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , and Mr. K ENNEDY ): S. 3093. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes; read the first time. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. P
ETERS ): S. 3094. A bill to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from im-plementing any rule requiring the use of bio-metric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after submission to Con-gress of the results of an assessment of the effectiveness of the transportation security card program; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 3095. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to help build a stronger health care workforce; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself and Mr. R
EED): S. 3096. A bill to allow the Coast Guard to issue a certificate of documentation with a coastwise endorsement for the vessel OLI-VER HAZARD PERRY, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. WARNER: S. 3097. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to report on tax compliance with respect to non-employer business income, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. HYDE–SMITH: S. 3098. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to clarify the sources of the au-thority to issue regulations regarding cer-tifications and other criteria applicable to legislative branch employees under the Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 3099. A bill to require the review of dura-tions of use of approved indications of medi-cally-important antibiotics labeled for use in animals; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself and Mrs. MURRAY ): S. 3100. A bill to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington; read the first time. By Ms. WARREN: S. 3101. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to require a State to conduct State leader-ship activities that reduce or eliminate out- of-pocket expenses related to enrollment in a career and technical education course or dual or concurrent enrollment program for students in special populations; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R
EED, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. K AINE, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. Res. 552. A resolution commemorating June 20, 2018, as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’ ; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. U DALL ): S. Res. 553. A resolution designating June 20, 2018, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and cele-brating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States; considered and agreed to. By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
OBERTS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. C
ARDIN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. B ENNET , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. S
MITH, Mr. K ING, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. R
EED): S. Res. 554. A resolution designating the month of June 2018 as ‘‘National Post-Trau-matic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2018, as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Day’’; considered and agreed to. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
LAKE ): S. Res. 555. A resolution recognizing the freedom of Muslims of the United States to exercise their religion and participate in the civil systems of their country; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 26 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 26, a bill to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to re-quire the disclosure of certain tax re-turns by Presidents and certain can-didates for the office of the President, and for other purposes. S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 700, a bill to improve the repro-ductive assistance provided by the De-partment of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the ex-clusion for employer-provided edu-cation assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 802 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 802, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in rec-ognition of his achievements and con-tributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II. 
S. 1251 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Ne-braska (Mr. S
ASSE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1251, a bill to require the Secretary of Labor to establish a pilot program for providing portable benefits to eligible workers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1328 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1328, a bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suf-fering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1503 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1503, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint coins in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.022 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4282 June 20, 2018 
recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. 
S. 1520 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1520, a bill to expand rec-reational fishing opportunities through enhanced marine fishery conservation and management, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1835 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1835, a bill to provide support to States to establish invisible high-risk pool or reinsurance programs. 
S. 1903 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1903, a bill to assist communities af-fected by stranded nuclear waste, and for other purposes. 
S. 2072 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2072, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take action to eliminate human exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Pub-lic Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alz-heimer’s disease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Dis-ease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 2131 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2131, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to fur-nish medically necessary transpor-tation for newborn children of certain women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2157 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2157, a bill to require drug manufacturers to disclose the prices of prescription drugs in any direct-to-con-sumer advertising and marketing to practitioners of a drug. 
S. 2165 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2165, a bill to provide additional dis-aster recovery assistance for the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, and for other purposes. 
S. 2221 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. WICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2221, a bill to repeal the multi- State plan program. 
S. 2360 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2360, a bill to provide for the minimum size of crews of freight trains, and for other purposes. 
S. 2410 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2410, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit high de-ductible health plans to provide chron-ic disease prevention services to plan enrollees prior to satisfying their plan deductible. 
S. 2432 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2432, a bill to amend the charter of the Future Farmers of America, and for other purposes. 
S. 2463 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2463, a bill to establish the United States International Develop-ment Finance Corporation, and for other purposes. 
S. 2513 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2513, a bill to improve school safety and mental health services. 
S. 2736 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Vir-ginia (Mr. K
AINE) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2736, a bill to develop a long-term strategic vision and a com-prehensive, multifaceted, and prin-cipled United States policy for the Indo-Pacific region, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 2830 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2830, a bill to reauthorize the rural emergency medical services training and equipment assistance program under section 330J of the Public Health Service Act. 
S. 2938 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2938, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to modify provisions relating to hours of service require-ments with respect to transportation of livestock and insects, and for other purposes. S. 2995 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2995, a bill to establish the Rural Export Center, and for other purposes. 
S. 3051 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3051, a bill to require the Secretary of Transportation to establish a working group to study regulatory and legisla-tive improvements for the livestock, insect, and agricultural commodities transport industries, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3091 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ), the Senator from Mis-sissippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) and the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3091, a bill to limit the separation of families seeking asylum in the United States and expedite the asylum process for in-dividuals arriving in the United States with children. 
S. RES. 477 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 477, a resolution rec-ognizing and celebrating the National Comedy Center being built at 203–217 West Second Street, Jamestown, New York. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2551 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT), the Sen-ator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2551 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2927 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2927 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2929 
At the request of Mr. J ONES , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.023 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4283 June 20, 2018 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 2929 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2954 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2954 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2971 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Sen-ator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2971 proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2972 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 2972 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2978 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2978 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2986 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 2986 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2999 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 2999 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appro-priations for energy and water develop-ment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3003 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. CASSIDY ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3003 intended to be proposed to H.R. 5895, a bill making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 3095. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to help build a stronger health care workforce; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am pleased to be joined by Senator B
LUNT  in reintroducing the Building a Health Care Workforce for the Future Act. According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, by 2030, there will be a shortage of up to 120,000 physicians. Over one third of the short-age, up to 49,300, will be in primary care. Individuals and families living in underserved areas—urban and rural— will continue to be those most dis-advantaged by this shortage. The passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010 ushered in an expansion of access to health insurance for millions of Americans. While we fight to protect these gains and work to improve the system further, many Americans are going to the doctor for preventive health care for the first time. In order for this to be successful, we must ex-pand our health care workforce to en-sure that we have enough health care professionals to seamlessly accommo-date the newly insured as they join the ranks of those who already have cov-erage. In addition, as the baby boomers age, we will need health care profes-sionals to care for them as well. Ac-cording to the Pew Research Center, roughly 10,000 baby boomers will be-come eligible for Medicare every day through 2030. The Building a Health Care Work-force for the Future Act would author-ize programs that would grow the over-all number of health care providers, as well as encourage providers to pursue careers in geographic and practice areas of highest need. Building on the success of the Na-tional Health Service Corp (NHSC) Scholarship and Loan Repayment Pro-gram and the State Loan Repayment Program, our legislation would estab-lish a State scholarship program. Like the NHSC State Loan Repayment Pro-gram, States would be able to receive a dollar-for-dollar match to support indi-viduals that commit to practicing in the state in which the scholarship was issued after completing their education and training. At least 50 percent of the funding would be required to support individuals committed to pursuing ca-reers in primary care. The States would have the flexibility to use the re-maining 50 percent to fund scholarships to educate students in other health care professions with documented shortages with the approval of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. The Building a Health Care Work-force for the Future Act would also au-thorize grants to medical schools to de-velop primary care mentors on faculty and in the community. According to the Association of American Medical Colleges, graduating medical students consistently say that one of the most important factors affecting the career path they choose is role models. Build-ing a network of primary care mentors in the classroom and in a variety of clinical settings will help guide more medical students into careers in pri-mary care. The legislation would couple these mentorship grants with an initiative to improve the education and training of-fered by medical schools in com-petencies most critical to primary care, including patient-centered med-ical homes, primary and behavioral health integration, and team-based care. It would also direct the Institute of Medicine (IOM) to study and make rec-ommendations about ways to limit the administrative burden on providers in documenting cognitive services deliv-ered to patients. Primary care pro-viders treat patients in need of these services almost exclusively, and as such, spend a significant percentage of their day documenting care. That is not the case for providers who perform procedures, such as surgeries. This IOM study would help uncover ways to sim-plify documentation requirements, par-ticularly for delivering cognitive serv-ices, in order to eliminate one of the potential factors that may discourage medical students from pursuing careers in primary care. Providers across the spectrum of care recognize that this bipartisan legisla-tion is part of the solution to address-ing the looming health care workforce shortage and have lent their support, including: the Alliance for Specialty Medicine, the American Association of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, the American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine, the American Association for Marriage and Family Therapy, the American Osteopathic As-sociation, the Association of American Medical Colleges, and the Society of General Internal Medicine. I look forward to working with these and other stakeholders as well as Sen-ator B
LUNT and our colleagues to pass the Building a Health Care Workforce for the Future Act in order to help en-sure patients have access to the health care they need. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 552—COM-MEMORATING JUNE 20, 2018, AS ‘‘WORLD REFUGEE DAY’’ Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. C
AR-
PER, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.025 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4284 June 20, 2018 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. R EED, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B
ROWN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. R ES. 552 Whereas World Refugee Day acknowledges the courage, strength, and determination of women, men, and children forced to flee their homes because of persecution or con-flict; Whereas, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees— (1) a refugee is an individual who faces per-secution or has a well-founded fear of perse-cution because of race, religion, nationality, political opinion, or membership in a par-ticular social group; (2) more than 68,500,000 people are displaced worldwide, which is the worst displacement crisis in global history, including 25,400,000 refugees, more than 40,000,000 internally dis-placed people, 3,100,000 asylum seekers, and 10,000,000 stateless people; (3) children comprise 52 percent of the global refugee population, many of whom lack access to education; (4) on average, 44,400 people per day are dis-placed from their homes; (5) 16,200,000 individuals were newly dis-placed due to conflict or persecution in 2017, including 11,800,000 internally displaced per-sons and 4,400,000 refugees and asylum seek-ers; (6) more than 68 percent of all refugees worldwide come from the following 5 coun-tries: (A) Syria, with 6,300,000 refugees; (B) Afghanistan, with 2,600,000 refugees; (C) South Sudan, with 2,400,000 refugees; (D) Myanmar, with 1,200,000 refugees; and (E) Somalia, with 986,400 refugees; (7) 37 countries resettled 102,800 refugees, less than 1 percent of people in need of reset-tlement, in 2017; (8) more than 
1⁄2of the Syrian population was displaced, either across borders or with-in the country, in 2016; and (9) the need for third country resettlement continues to grow, with over 1,200,000 refu-gees requiring resettlement in 2017; Whereas, during 2017, the United States welcomed a total of 33,400 refugees, well below the United States Government goal of 45,000 refugee admissions, and a 65 percent drop compared with the 96,900 refugees wel-comed in 2016; Whereas, at this pace, the United States may only admit approximately 20,000 refu-gees this year; Whereas refugees are the most vetted trav-elers to enter the United States and are sub-ject to extensive screening checks, including in-person interviews, biometric data checks, and multiple interagency checks; Whereas refugees contribute to local economies in the United States, pay an aver-age of $21,000 more in taxes than they receive in benefits, revitalize cities and towns by off-setting population decline, and boost eco-nomic growth throughout the United States by opening businesses, paying taxes, and buying homes; Whereas several industries rely heavily on refugee workers to support economic sta-bility, and low rates of refugee arrival has impacted economic growth, especially in towns that rely on refugee populations to re-vitalize their industries; Whereas the ongoing crisis in the Demo-cratic Republic of the Congo is projected to produce nearly 1,000,000 refugees in neigh-boring countries in 2018; Whereas the escalating crisis in Venezuela has forced 1,500,000 refugees to seek safety in neighboring countries and beyond since 2014; Whereas refugee children are 5 times more likely not to be in school than non-refugee children; Whereas refugee women and children are often at greater risk of violence, human traf-ficking, exploitation, and gender-based vio-lence; and Whereas the United States resettlement program is a life-saving solution critical to global humanitarian efforts, which strength-ens global security, advances United States foreign policy goals, and alleviates the bur-den placed on front-line host countries: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) underscores the importance of the United States Refugee Resettlement Pro-gram as a critical tool for the United States global leadership, including leveraging for-eign policy, strengthening national and re-gional security, and encouraging inter-national support of refugees; (2) reaffirms the bipartisan commitment of the United States to promote the safety, health, and well-being of refugees, including the education of refugee children and dis-placed persons who flee war, persecution, or torture in search of freedom and safety; (3) recognizes individuals who have risked their lives working individually and for non- governmental organizations and inter-national agencies, such as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, to provide life-saving assistance and protection for peo-ple displaced by conflict around the world; and (4) calls upon the United States Govern-ment— (A) to uphold its international leadership role responding to the global refugee crisis with humanitarian assistance and protection for the most vulnerable; (B) to continue to provide adequate fund-ing for refugee resettlement in the United States and protection for refugees overseas; (C) to work in partnership with the inter-national community to find solutions to ex-isting conflicts and to prevent new conflicts; (D) to alleviate the burden on frontline ref-ugee host countries that absorb the majority of the refugees of the world through humani-tarian and development support; and (E) to reaffirm the long-standing tradition of resettling refugees in the United States regardless of nationality or religion. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 553—DESIG-NATING JUNE 20, 2018, AS ‘‘AMER-ICAN EAGLE DAY’’ AND CELE-BRATING THE RECOVERY AND RESTORATION OF THE BALD EAGLE, THE NATIONAL SYMBOL OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
ORKER , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Mr. U DALL ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 553 Whereas the bald eagle was chosen as the central image of the Great Seal of the United States on June 20, 1782, by the Founding Fa-thers at the Congress of the Confederation; Whereas the bald eagle is widely known as the living national symbol of the United States and for many generations has rep-resented values, such as— (1) freedom; (2) democracy; (3) courage; (4) strength; (5) spirit; (6) independence; (7) justice; and (8) excellence; Whereas the bald eagle is unique to North America and cannot be found naturally in any other part of the world, which was one of the primary reasons the Founding Fathers selected the bald eagle to symbolize the Gov-ernment of the United States; Whereas the bald eagle is the central image used in the official logos of many branches and departments of the Federal Government, including— (1) the Executive Office of the President; (2) Congress; (3) the Supreme Court of the United States; (4) the Department of Defense; (5) the Department of the Treasury; (6) the Department of Justice; (7) the Department of State; (8) the Department of Commerce; (9) the Department of Homeland Security; (10) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (11) the Department of Labor; (12) the Department of Health and Human Services; (13) the Department of Energy; (14) the Department of Housing and Urban Development; (15) the Central Intelligence Agency; and (16) the United States Postal Service; Whereas the bald eagle is an inspiring sym-bol of the spirit of freedom and the sov-ereignty of the United States; Whereas the image and symbolism of the bald eagle has— (1) played a significant role in art, music, literature, architecture, commerce, edu-cation, and culture in the United States; and (2) appeared on United States stamps, cur-rency, and coinage; Whereas the bald eagle was endangered and facing possible extinction in the lower 48 States but has made a gradual and encour-aging comeback to the land, waterways, and skies of the United States; Whereas the dramatic recovery of the na-tional bird of the United States is an endan-gered species success story and an inspira-tional example to other environmental, nat-ural resource, and wildlife conservation ef-forts worldwide; Whereas, in 1940, noting that the bald eagle was threatened with extinction, Congress passed the Act of June 8, 1940 (commonly known as the ‘‘Bald Eagle Protection Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), which prohibited kill-ing, selling, or possessing the species, and a 1962 amendment expanded protection to the golden eagle; Whereas, by 1963, there were only an esti-mated 417 nesting pairs of bald eagles re-maining in the lower 48 States, with loss of habitat, poaching, and the use of pesticides and other environmental contaminants con-tributing to the near demise of the national bird of the United States; Whereas, in 1967, the bald eagle was offi-cially declared an endangered species under Public Law 89–669 (80 Stat. 926) (commonly known as the ‘‘Endangered Species Preserva-tion Act of 1966’’) in areas in the United States south of the 40th parallel due to the dramatic decline in the population of the bald eagle in the lower 48 States; Whereas the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) was enacted in 1973, and in 1978, the bald eagle was listed as an endangered species throughout the lower 48 States, except in the States of Michigan, Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, and Wis-consin, in which the bald eagle was listed as a threatened species; Whereas, in July 1995, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service announced that in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.033 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4285 June 20, 2018 
the lower 48 States, the bald eagle had recov-ered sufficiently to change the status of the species from endangered to threatened; Whereas, by 2007, bald eagles residing in the lower 48 States had rebounded to ap-proximately 11,000 pairs; Whereas, on June 28, 2007, the Secretary the Interior and the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service removed the bald eagle from protection under the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), but the bald eagle continues to be pro-tected under the Act of June 8, 1940 (com-monly known as the ‘‘Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.), section 42 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Lacey Act’’), and the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); Whereas Challenger, the trained, edu-cational bald eagle of the American Eagle Foundation in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, was invited by the Secretary of the Interior to perform a free-flight demonstration during the official bald eagle delisting ceremony held at the Jefferson Memorial in Wash-ington, District of Columbia; Whereas experts and population growth charts estimate that the bald eagle popu-lation could reach 15,000 pairs, even though a physical count has not been conducted by State and Federal wildlife agencies since 2007; Whereas caring and concerned agencies, corporations, organizations, and people of the United States representing Federal and State governments and the private sector passionately and resourcefully banded to-gether, determined to save and protect the national bird of the United States; Whereas the recovery of the bald eagle pop-ulation in the United States was largely ac-complished through— (1) the dedicated and vigilant efforts of Federal and State wildlife agencies and non-profit organizations, such as the American Eagle Foundation; (2) public education; (3) captive breeding and release programs; (4) hacking and release programs; and (5) the translocation of bald eagles from places in the United States with dense bald eagle populations to suitable locations in the lower 48 States that had suffered a decrease in bald eagle populations; Whereas various nonprofit organizations, such as the Southeastern Raptor Center at Auburn University in the State of Alabama, contribute to the continuing recovery of the bald eagle through rehabilitation and edu-cational efforts; Whereas the bald eagle might have been lost permanently if not for dedicated con-servation efforts and strict protection laws such as— (1) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); (2) the Act of June 8, 1940 (commonly known as the ‘‘Bald and Golden Eagle Pro-tection Act’’) (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.) ; (3) the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.); (4) section 42 of title 18, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Lacey Act’’); and (5) the Lacey Act Amendments of 1981 (16 U.S.C. 3371 et seq.); and Whereas the sustained recovery of the bald eagle population will require the continu-ation of recovery, management, education, and public awareness programs to ensure that the population numbers and habitat of the bald eagle remain healthy and secure for generations to come: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 20, 2018, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’; (2) applauds the issuance of bald eagle commemorative coins by the Secretary of the Treasury to generate critical funds for the protection of the bald eagle; and (3) encourages— (A) educational entities, organizations, businesses, conservation groups, and govern-ment agencies with a shared interest in con-serving endangered species to collaborate and develop educational tools for use in the public schools of the United States; and (B) the people of the United States to ob-serve American Eagle Day with appropriate ceremonies and other activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 554—DESIG-NATING THE MONTH OF JUNE 2018 AS ‘‘NATIONAL POST-TRAU-MATIC STRESS AWARENESS MONTH’’ AND JUNE 27, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS AWARENESS DAY’’ Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Mr. H
ELLER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. R OUNDS , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. C ARDIN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. H
IRONO , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. B ENNET , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. S MITH, Mr. K
ING, Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. R EED) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 554 Whereas the brave men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States (in this preamble referred to as the ‘‘Armed Forces’’), who proudly serve the United States, risk their lives to protect the free-dom of the people of the United States and deserve the investment of every possible re-source to ensure their lasting physical, men-tal, and emotional well-being; Whereas more than 3,000,000 members of the Armed Forces have deployed overseas since the events of September 11, 2001, and have served in places such as Afghanistan and Iraq; Whereas the current generation of military men and women has sustained a historically high rate of operational deployments, with many members of the Armed Forces serving overseas multiple times, placing those mem-bers at high risk of experiencing combat stress; Whereas, when left untreated, exposure to traumatic combat stress can lead to post- traumatic stress, sometimes referred to as post-traumatic stress disorder (in this pre-amble referred to as ‘‘PTSD’’) or post-trau-matic stress injury; Whereas men and women of the Armed Forces and veterans who served before Sep-tember 11, 2001, remain at risk for post-trau-matic stress; Whereas the Secretary of Veterans Affairs reports that— (1) about 11 to 20 percent of veterans who served in Operation Iraqi Freedom or Oper-ation Enduring Freedom have PTSD in a given year; (2) about 12 percent of Gulf War veterans have PTSD in a given year; and (3) about 30 percent of Vietnam veterans have had PTSD in their lifetimes; Whereas many combat stress injuries re-main unreported, undiagnosed, and un-treated due to a lack of awareness about post-traumatic stress and the persistent stigma associated with mental health condi-tions; Whereas exposure to military trauma can lead to post-traumatic stress; Whereas post-traumatic stress signifi-cantly increases the risk of anxiety, depres-sion, suicide, homelessness, and drug- and al-cohol-related disorders and deaths, espe-cially if left untreated; Whereas public perceptions of post-trau-matic stress or other mental health dis-orders create unique challenges for veterans seeking employment; Whereas the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and Veteran Service Organizations, as well as the larger medical community, both private and public, have made significant advances in the iden-tification, prevention, diagnosis, and treat-ment of post-traumatic stress and the symp-toms of post-traumatic stress, but many challenges remain; Whereas increased understanding of post- traumatic stress can help eliminate the stig-ma attached to this mental health issue; Whereas additional efforts are needed to find further ways to eliminate the stigma as-sociated with post-traumatic stress, includ-ing— (1) an examination of how post-traumatic stress is discussed in the United States; and (2) a recognition that post-traumatic stress is a common injury that is treatable and re-pairable; Whereas post-traumatic stress can result from any number of stressors other than combat, including rape, sexual assault, bat-tery, torture, confinement, child abuse, car accidents, train wrecks, plane crashes, bomb-ings, or natural disasters, and affects ap-proximately 8,000,000 adults in the United States annually; Whereas the diagnosis now known as PTSD was first defined by the American Psy-chiatric Association in 1980 to commonly and more accurately understand and treat vet-erans who had endured severe traumatic combat stress; Whereas combat stress had previously been viewed as a mental illness, and the word ‘‘disorder’’ carries a stigma that perpetuates this misconception; and Whereas the designation of a National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Month and a National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Day will raise public awareness about issues related to post-traumatic stress, reduce the associated stigma, and help ensure that those individuals suffering from the invisible wounds of war receive proper treatment: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 2018 as ‘‘National Post- Traumatic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2018, as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Day’’; (2) supports the efforts of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of De-fense, as well as the entire medical commu-nity, to educate members of the Armed Forces of the United States, veterans, the families of members of the Armed Forces of the United States and veterans, and the pub-lic about the causes, symptoms, and treat-ment of post-traumatic stress; (3) supports efforts by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of De-fense to foster cultural change around the issue of post-traumatic stress, understanding that personal interactions can save lives and advance treatment; (4) welcomes the efforts of the National Center for PTSD of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and local Vet Centers (as de-fined in section 1712A(h) of title 38, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.027 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4286 June 20, 2018 
States Code) to provide assistance to vet-erans who are suffering from the effects of this injury; (5) encourages commanders of the Armed Forces of the United States to support ap-propriate treatment of men and women of the Armed Forces of the United States who suffer from post-traumatic stress; and (6) respectfully requests that the Secretary of the Senate transmit a copy of this resolu-tion to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 555—RECOG-NIZING THE FREEDOM OF MUS-LIMS OF THE UNITED STATES TO EXERCISE THEIR RELIGION AND PARTICIPATE IN THE CIVIL SYSTEMS OF THEIR COUNTRY Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. F
LAKE ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 555 Whereas the First Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States guarantees re-ligious freedom to people of all faiths; Whereas article VI of the Constitution of the United States asserts that no religious test may be required for public office, ensur-ing that people of all faiths may serve their country; Whereas the United States has always val-ued the right of individuals to practice their faith as they please, and religious freedom is fundamental to the national character of the United States; Whereas people of the United States of all faiths, including Muslims, both immigrant and native-born and from a variety of races and ethnicities, have made valuable con-tributions to the United States throughout its history; Whereas more than 3,000,000 Muslims now reside in the United States; Whereas Muslims have served in the Armed Forces of the United States for generations, with more than 5,000 Muslims currently serv-ing and many having made the ultimate sac-rifice for the United States; Whereas Muslim scientists and researchers in the United States have helped expand the understanding of medicine, engineering, and outer space; Whereas Muslim inventors in the United States have made breakthroughs ranging from brain tumor treatments to the creation of the ice cream cone; Whereas Muslim athletes have represented the United States in the Olympics and in most professional sports leagues; Whereas Muslim entrepreneurs and busi-ness leaders in the United States have helped shape industries including financial services, food, transportation, cosmetics, and fur-niture; Whereas countless Muslims contribute to the economy and well-being of the United States as business owners, firefighters, po-lice officers, physicians, laborers, service workers, and teachers; and Whereas Muslims have served as Members of Congress, Ambassadors of the United States, and other types of public servants: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate recognizes the religious freedom of Muslims of the United States and their civic contributions to the United States. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3005. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3006. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3007. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3008. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3009. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3010. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3011. Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3012. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3013. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3014. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3015. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3016. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3017. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3018. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3019. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3020. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3021. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3022. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3023. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3024. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3025. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3026. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3027. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. S MITH, and Ms. H
IRONO ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3028. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3029. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3030. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3031. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3032. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3033. Mr. NELSON submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3034. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3035. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3036. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3037. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3038. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3039. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.027 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4287 June 20, 2018 
SA 3040. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3041. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M URPHY  (for himself and Mr. E
NZI)) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 770, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, to promote the im-portance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes. SA 3042. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3043. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3044. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3045. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3046. Mrs. GILLIBRAND submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3047. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3048. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 5895, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3005. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. Any amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for bo-nuses for individuals in Senior Executive Service positions (as defined in section 3132 of title 5, United States Code) at medical centers of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs that have a one-star rating shall in-stead be used to conduct background check adjudication actions for employees of the Veterans Health Administration. 
SA 3006. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: Beginning on page 50, strike line 20 and all that follows through page 51, line 4. Beginning on page 51, strike line 12 and all that follows through page 53, line 2. 
SA 3007. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, strike line 10 and all that fol-lows through page 29, line 19. 
SA 3008. Mr. FLAKE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III in division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. No funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, may be used by the Secretary of Energy to develop or man-age any training or workforce development program for the growth of the energy effi-ciency or clean energy sectors. 
SA 3009. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. Section 136(a)(5) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013(a)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (C) as clauses (i) through (iii), re-spectively, and indenting appropriately; (3) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘designed to carry’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘de-signed— ‘‘(A) to carry’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) to carry at least 28 seated passengers and that achieves not less than a 22 miles- per-gallon equivalent at a model bus testing program, while operating as a fully electric vehicle.’’. 
SA 3010. Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. H IRONO ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, line 18, strike ‘‘$2,161,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,165,000,000’’. On page 5, line 3, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $12,000,000 shall be for the naviga-tion program of the Corps of Engineers under section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (33 U.S.C. 577).’’ On page 8, line 3, strike ‘‘$193,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$189,000,000’’. SA 3011. Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, line 22, insert ‘‘, and, in rec-ognition that there is growing evidence that plastic straws contribute to the 8,000,000 tons of plastic that enter the oceans every year while not contributing significantly to the beverage consumption experience, not more than $5,000 that shall be used by the Archi-tect of the Capitol to work with contractors to eliminate or reduce the use of plastic straws in facilities of the legislative branch that are under the care of the Architect of the Capitol’’ before ‘‘; for’’. 
SA 3012. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. The Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall con-duct an investigation of all nursing homes of the Department of Veterans Affairs that had an overall one-star rating as of December 31, 2017, as determined by the rating system of the Department. 
SA 3013. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. PUBLICATION OF QUALITY RATING OF NURSING HOMES OF THE DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually there-after, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and publish in the Federal Register and on a publicly available Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs the rating assigned by the Department to each nursing home of the Department with re-spect to quality of care, including all inter-nal metrics and criteria used in determining such rating. (b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.030 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4288 June 20, 2018 
(2) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SA 3014. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act shall be used for the con-struction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a civil works project of the Corps of Engi-neers authorized by Congress if that con-struction, alteration, maintenance, or repair does not provide an open, competitive proc-ess that considers both domestic and inter-national supplies of iron and steel products used in the project. 
SA 3015. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available in this Act for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations and none of such funds that remain available after fiscal year 2019 may be used for the European Deterrence Initiative after fiscal year 2019. 
SA 3016. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, strike lines 3 through 9. 
SA 3017. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title V of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to imple-ment, administer, or enforce the advanced technology vehicles manufacturing incentive program established under section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013). 
SA 3018. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in division A, add the following: S
EC. 3ll. None of the funds made avail-able in this title may be used to provide fi-nancial assistance under section 363 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6323). 
SA 3019. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. 5ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to prepare, pro-pose, or promulgate any regulation or guid-ance that references or relies on analysis contained in— (1) the document entitled ‘‘Technical Sup-port Document: Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Execu-tive Order 12866’’, published by the Inter-agency Working Group on Social Cost of Car-bon, United States Government, in February 2010; (2) the document entitled ‘‘Technical Sup-port Document: Technical Update of the So-cial Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, pub-lished by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Govern-ment, in May 2013 and revised in November 2013; (3) the notice published by the Council on Environmental Quality entitled ‘‘Revised Draft Guidance for Federal Departments and Agencies on Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and the Effects of Climate Change in NEPA Reviews’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 77802 (December 24, 2014)); (4) the document entitled ‘‘Technical Sup-port Document: Technical Update of the So-cial Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, pub-lished by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Carbon, United States Govern-ment, in July 2015; (5) the document entitled ‘‘Addendum to Technical Support Document on Social Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis under Executive Order 12866: Application of the Methodology to Estimate the Social Cost of Methane and the Social Cost of Nitrous Oxide’’, published by the Interagency Work-ing Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016; or (6) the document entitled ‘‘Technical Sup-port Document: Technical Update of the So-cial Cost of Carbon for Regulatory Impact Analysis Under Executive Order 12866’’, pub-lished by the Interagency Working Group on Social Cost of Greenhouse Gases, United States Government, in August 2016. 
SA 3020. Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, line 7, insert ‘‘: Provided, that the Director shall use not less than $500,000 of the amount made available under this heading for (1) improving technical systems, processes, and models for the purpose of im-proving the transparency of estimates of budgetary effects to Members of Congress, employees of Members of Congress, and the public, and (2) to increase the availability of models, economic assumptions, and data and the replicability of estimates of budgetary effects for Members of Congress, employees of Members of Congress, and the public’’ be-fore the period. SA 3021. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37054 (June 29, 2015)) is void. (b) Until such time as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defin-ing the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) and that final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule voided by this section shall be ap-plied as if the voided rule had not been issued. 
SA 3022. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) In the case of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘
CONSTRUCTION ’’ that are in excess of the budget request sub-mitted to Congress by the President and are for the continuation of construction of projects that principally include improve-ments to rainfall drainage systems that ad-dress flood damages, the funds shall be equally distributed among all eligible projects. (b) In this section, the term ‘‘eligible project’’ means a project— (1) that principally includes improvements to rainfall drainage systems that address flood damages; and (2) for which construction has begun or can continue. 
SA 3023. Mr. MARKEY (for himself and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.036 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4289 June 20, 2018 
SEC. 305. (a) The amount appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘D
EFENSE NU-
CLEAR NONPROLIFERATION ’’ under the heading ‘‘NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION’’ under the heading ‘‘ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES’’ is hereby increased by $65,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be allocated to developing and preparing to implement a comprehen-sive, long-term monitoring and verification program for activities related to the denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea, in coordination with relevant international partners and or-ganizations. (b) The amount appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘W
EAPONS ACTIVITIES ’’ under the heading ‘‘NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION’’ under the heading ‘‘ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE AC-TIVITIES’’ is hereby reduced by $65,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be de-rived from amounts allocated to the W76–2 warhead modification program. 
SA 3024. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. PILOT PROGRAM TO EXTEND PAVE-MENT LIFE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army may, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Transportation and the Secretary of Energy, carry out a pilot program to de-sign, build, and test technologies and innova-tive pavement materials in order to extend the service life of military roads and run-ways. (b) S
COPE.—The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The design, test and assembly of tech-nologies and systems suitable for pavement applications. (2) Research, development, and testing of new pavement materials for road and runway use in different geographic areas in the United States. (3) Design and procurement of platforms and equipment to test performance, cost, feasibility, and effectiveness. (c) C
OMPETITION REQUIREMENTS .—Any award of a contract or grant under the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be made using merit-based selection proce-dures. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the commencement of the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary of the Army shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of activities under the pilot program in improv-ing the service life of military roads and run-ways. (B) An analysis of potential lifetime cost- savings associated with the extended service life of the runways and roads as well as po-tential reduction in energy demands. (e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au- thorities under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2024. 
SA 3025. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 103, line 18, of division C, strike the period at the end and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Provided further, that of the funds made available under this heading, $3,500,000 shall be for the planning, design, and archi-tect and engineer services for the strategic dispersal of the United States capital fleet.’’. 
SA 3026. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 103, line 18, of division C, strike the period at the end and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Provided further, that of the funds made available under this heading, $5,000,000 shall be for the incremental funding of force protection measures.’’. 
SA 3027. Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. S
MITH, and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V of division A, add the following: S
EC. 5llll. None of the funds made available by this division or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to issue any order pursuant to section 101 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4511) or sec-tion 202(c) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824a(c)) that requires any entity— (1) to purchase electric energy based on the fuel used to generate the electric energy; or (2) to generate or sell electric energy un-less the electric energy is required to meet an existing or imminent shortage of electric energy and the demand for electric energy cannot otherwise be met. 
SA 3028. Mr. SANDERS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: 
SEC. 2ll. DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ON FUR-NISHING DENTAL HEALTH CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS IN RURAL AND OTHER UNDERSERVED COMMU-NITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs shall carry out a demonstra-tion program to assess the feasibility and ad-visability of furnishing dental health care services, including through the use of alter-native dental health care providers, to in-crease access to such services for eligible veterans who reside in rural and other under-served communities. (b) LOCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the demonstration program in not more than four rural States, as determined by the Secretary. (2) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall prioritize the establishment of programs under the demonstration program under this section in States that do not have a facility of the Department of Veterans Affairs that offers on-site dental services. (c) E
LIGIBLE VETERANS .—A veteran is eligi-ble for dental health care services under the demonstration program under this section if— (1) the veteran is entitled to dental health care services from the Department; or (2) the veteran is enrolled in the system of patient enrollment of the Department under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, but is not eligible for dental health care services from the Department under authori-ties other than this section. (d) T
ELEHEALTH .—For purposes of alter-native dental health care providers and other dental care providers who are licensed to provide clinical care, dental services pro-vided under the demonstration program under this section may be administered by such providers through telehealth-enabled collaboration and supervision when appro-priate and feasible. (e) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .—Of the amounts made available to the Veterans Health Ad-ministration in this title, $20,000,000 shall be made available to the Secretary to carry out the demonstration program under this sec-tion. (f) A
LTERNATIVE DENTAL HEALTH CARE P
ROVIDERS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘alternative dental health care pro-viders’’ has the meaning given that term in section 340G–1(a)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256g–1(a)(2)). 
SA 3029. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. AUTOMATIC ANNUAL INCREASE IN RATES OF DISABILITY COMPENSA-TION AND DEPENDENCY AND IN-DEMNITY COMPENSATION. 
(a) I NDEXING TO SOCIAL SECURITY IN-
CREASES .—Section 5312 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) Whenever there is an increase in benefit amounts payable under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) as a result of a determination made under sec-tion 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)), the Secretary shall, effective on the date of such increase in benefit amounts, increase the dollar amounts in effect for the payment of disability compensation and dependency and indemnity compensation by the Secretary, as specified in paragraph (2), as such amounts were in effect immediately before the date of such increase in benefit amounts payable under title II of the Social Security Act, by the same percentage as the percent-age by which such benefit amounts are in-creased. ‘‘(2) The dollar amounts to be increased pursuant to paragraph (1) are the following: ‘‘(A) C
OMPENSATION .—Each of the dollar amounts in effect under section 1114 of this title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.035 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4290 June 20, 2018 
‘‘(B) A DDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR DE -
PENDENTS .—Each of the dollar amounts in ef-fect under section 1115(1) of this title. ‘‘(C) C
LOTHING ALLOWANCE .—The dollar amount in effect under section 1162 of this title. ‘‘(D) N
EW DIC RATES .—Each of the dollar amounts in effect under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 1311(a) of this title. ‘‘(E) O
LD DIC RATES .—Each of the dollar amounts in effect under section 1311(a)(3) of this title. ‘‘(F) A
DDITIONAL DIC FOR SURVIVING  
SPOUSES WITH MINOR CHILDREN .—The dollar amount in effect under section 1311(b) of this title. ‘‘(G) A
DDITIONAL DIC FOR DISABILITY .—Each of the dollar amounts in effect under sub-sections (c) and (d) of section 1311 of this title. ‘‘(H) DIC 
FOR DEPENDENT CHILDREN .—Each of the dollar amounts in effect under sec-tions 1313(a) and 1314 of this title. ‘‘(3) Whenever there is an increase under paragraph (1) in amounts in effect for the payment of disability compensation and de-pendency and indemnity compensation, the Secretary shall publish such amounts, as in-creased pursuant to such paragraph, in the Federal Register at the same time as the ma-terial required by section 215(i)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)(2)(D)) is published by reason of a determination under section 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (d) of sec-tion 5312 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section, shall take effect on the first day of the first cal-endar year that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 3030. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division C, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. It is the sense of Congress that none of the funds made available in this Act should be used in a manner that would in-crease wait times for veterans who seek care at medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SA 3031. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division C, insert the following: S
EC. ll. It is the sense of the Senate that beginning in fiscal year 2020, the European Deterrence Initiative should be funded only from funds made available for base or discre-tionary spending of the Department of De-fense instead of funds made available for Overseas Contingency Operations. 
SA 3032. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF FUNDS FOR PROGRAM TO IMPROVE RETENTION OF HOUSING BY FOR-MERLY HOMELESS VETERANS AND VETERANS AT RISK OF BECOMING HOMELESS. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not convert any of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in a fiscal year to carry out section 2013 of title 38, United States Code, from a specific purpose program to a general purpose program unless the Sec-retary included a proposal to do so in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Veterans Affairs budget for such fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the Presi-dent for such fiscal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code). 
SA 3033. Mr. NELSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title II of divi-sion C, insert the following: 
SEC. lll. STAFFING OF PROGRAM MANAGERS FOR SUPPORTED HOUSING PRO-GRAM OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) S TAFFING .—Section 2003(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Sec-retary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall provide case man-agement support whenever requested by a local housing authority under the supported housing program administered under such section. ‘‘(3)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall ensure that in each fiscal year no case manager is concurrently assigned to more than 35 veterans under this subsection. ‘‘(B) The Secretary may waive the require-ment of subparagraph (A) for a particular case manager in a particular fiscal year as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(C) Not less frequently than once each fis-cal year, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the waivers made by the Secretary under subparagraph (B) in the pre-vious fiscal year. Each report shall include a description of the circumstances under which each waiver was made. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that each veteran to whom a case manager is assigned under this subsection is located within such distance of the case manager as the Sec-retary considers reasonable. ‘‘(5)(A) In any case in which a position within the Veterans Health Administration for a case manager described in paragraph (1) is vacant for a period of 180 days or more, the Secretary shall seek to enter into a contract with a local service provider with knowledge and expertise applicable to a case manager in such position to furnish the case manage-ment services that would otherwise be pro-vided by a case manager in such position. ‘‘(B) The requirement in subparagraph (A) to seek to enter into a contract shall cease to apply if the Secretary fills the vacancy re-ferred to in such subparagraph.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF FUNDS .— The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not convert any of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in a fiscal year to carry out section 2013 of such title from a specific purpose program to a general pur-pose program unless the Secretary included a proposal to do so in the budget justifica-tion materials submitted to Congress in sup-port of the Department of Veterans Affairs budget for such fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President for such fis-cal year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code). 
SA 3034. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-self, Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. J OHNSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division C, add the following: S
EC. lll. (a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the results of a review, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the analytical model used for strategic basing of KC–46 air-craft. (b) P
ARTICULAR ELEMENT .—The report shall include such recommendations of the Sec-retary for the analytical model as the Sec-retary considers appropriate in order to en-sure that the model addresses changes in re-fueling requirements along the Northern Tier of the United States as a result of the 2018 National Defense Strategy and associ-ated mobility capability requirements, in-cluding, in particular, in connection with the growth of activities in the Northern Polar region by global and regional powers. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The require-ment for a report under this section may not be construed as limiting the ability of the Air Force to make any future adjustment to the analytical model used for strategic bas-ing of KC–46 aircraft or to any of the criteria in the analytical model. 
SA 3035. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 305. None of the funds appropriated by this Act or any other Act may be obligated or expended to execute any organizational change in the Department of Energy that would— (1) limit the authority of the Secretary of Energy over the National Nuclear Security Administration, unless the Secretary has de-termined the organizational change to be in the public interest; or (2) make the General Counsel of the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administration independent of the General Counsel of the Department of Energy. 
SA 3036. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.038 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4291 June 20, 2018 
appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 54, line 5, insert ‘‘$10,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nu-clear technologies,’’ after ‘‘mission,’’. 
SA 3037. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 503 of title V of division A, insert the following: S
EC. 5ll. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of this Act— (1) the amount available under the heading ‘‘N
UCLEAR ENERGY ’’ under the heading ‘‘DE-PARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PRO-GRAMS’’ under title III shall be $1,196,000,000, of which not more than $292,000,000 shall be for research and develop-ment relating to reactor concepts; and (2) the amount available under the heading ‘‘
SALARIES AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘N
UCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION ’’ under the heading ‘‘INDEPENDENT AGENCIES’’ under title IV shall be $908,350,000, of which not less than $10,000,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory in-frastructure for advanced nuclear tech-nologies, except that the amounts reserved for such development under this paragraph shall not be derived from fee revenues, not-withstanding section 6101 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 2214). 
SA 3038. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON CELL SITE SIMULATORS DETECTED NEAR FACILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a full accounting of cell site simulators detected near facilities of the Department of Defense during the three year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act and the ac-tions taken by the Secretary to protect per-sonnel of the Department, their families, and facilities of the Department from foreign powers using such technology to conduct surveillance. 
SA 3039. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, between lines 7 and 8, insert the following: ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
RELOCATION EXPENSES  S
EC. 131. (a) Any amounts made available for salaries and expenses of the Congres-sional Budget Office that are authorized to be used to reimburse new employees of the Congressional Budget Office for relocation expenses shall only be available for such pur-poses if the Joint Committee on Taxation has been authorized to reimburse new em-ployees of the Joint Committee on Taxation for relocation expenses. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SA 3040. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 75, between lines 15 and 16, insert the following: 
SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE JOINT  
COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  S
EC. 121. (a) Congress finds that— (1) the Joint Committee on Taxation serves as a critical resource to Members of Congress on tax policy and legislation, pro-viding expertise and technical knowledge on a nonpartisan basis; (2) the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Congressional Budget Office both provide revenue estimates of legislation, and thus compete for many of the same candidates; and (3) the professional staff of economists with a doctoral degree, attorneys, and ac-countants of the Joint Committee on Tax-ation should be recognized for their expertise and placed on a level playing field with the employees of the Congressional Budget Of-fice. (b) It is the sense of the Senate that the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Con-gressional Budget Office should be treated the same for purposes of compensation limi-tations and any other relevant matters per-taining to personnel. 
SA 3041. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
URPHY (for himself and Mr. E NZI)) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 770, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of American innovation and sig-nificant innovation and pioneering ef-forts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Colum-bia, and the United States territories, to promote the importance of innova-tion in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 6, strike line 8 and all that follows through page 8, line 5, and insert the following: ‘‘(A) O
RDER OF ISSUANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The coins issued under this subsection commemorating either an in-novation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Columbia, or a territory shall be issued in the following order: ‘‘(I) S
TATE .—With respect to each State, the coins shall be issued in the order in which the States ratified the Constitution of the United States or were admitted into the Union, as the case may be. ‘‘(II) DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND TERRI -
TORIES .—After all coins are issued under sub-clause (I), the coins shall be issued for the District of Columbia and the territories in the following order: the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION IN EVENT OF THE ADMIS -
SION OF ADDITIONAL STATES .—Notwith- standing clause (i), if any additional State is admitted into the Union before the end of the 14-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury may issue a $1 coin with respect to the additional State in accordance with clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION IN THE EVENT OF INDE -
PENDENCE OR ADDING OF A TERRITORY .—Not- withstanding clause (i)— ‘‘(I) if any territory becomes independent or otherwise ceases to be a territory of the United States before $1 coins are minted pur-suant to this subsection, the subsection shall cease to apply with respect to such territory; and ‘‘(II) if any new territory is added to the United States, $1 coins shall be issued for such territories in the order in which the new the territories are added, beginning after the $1 coin is issued for the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING  
FOUR INNOVATIONS OR INNOVATORS DURING  
EACH OF 14 YEARS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Four $1 coin designs as described in this subsection shall be issued during each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1) until 1 coin featuring 1 innova-tion, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each of the States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and territories has been issued. ‘‘(ii) N
UMBER OF COINS OF EACH DESIGN .— The Secretary shall prescribe, on the basis of such factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, the number of $1 coins that shall be issued with each of the designs se-lected for each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1). 
SA 3042. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title III of division A, add the following: S
EC. 30lll. Pursuant to section 1807 of the Grand Canyon Protection Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–575; 106 Stat. 4672), section 3(d)(1) of Public Law 106–392 (114 Stat. 1604), section 601(b) of the Colorado River Basin Project Act (43 U.S.C. 1551(b)), and section 15 of the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620n) of the offsetting collec-tions in the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund of the Western Area Power Administra-tion for repayment of capital costs, $23,000,000 may be transferred to the Upper Colorado Basin Fund. 
SA 3043. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.039 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4292 June 20, 2018 
The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 1 day after enactment. 
SA 3044. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 1 day after enactment. 
SA 3045. Mr. SCHUMER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 5895, making ap-propriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: The provisions in this Act shall go into ef-fect 1 day after enactment. 
SA 3046. Mrs. GILLIBRAND sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 50, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: (i) W
EST VALLEY DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECT .—All high-level radioactive waste at the Western New York Service Center in West Valley, New York, from the project car-ried out under the West Valley Demonstra-tion Project Act (42 U.S.C. 2021a note; Public Law 96–368) shall be considered to have re-sulted from atomic energy defense activi-ties— (1) for purposes of section 8 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10107); but (2) not for purposes of— (A) section 3(a)(3) of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plan Land Withdrawal Act (Public Law 102–579; 106 Stat. 4779); or (B) section 213 of the Department of En-ergy National Security and Military Appli-cations of Nuclear Authorization Act of 1980 (Public Law 96–164; 93 Stat. 1265). 
SA 3047. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 4, line 18, strike ‘‘$2,161,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,250,000,000’’. On page 5, line 3, strike ‘‘law.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘law: Provided, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $89,000,000 shall be for dredging projects.’’. On page 22, line 23, strike ‘‘$2,322,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,144,000,000’’. On page 22, line 25, strike ‘‘direction.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘direction: Provided fur-ther, That of the amounts made available under this heading, $37,000,000 shall be avail-able for bioenergy technologies.’’. 
SA 3048. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2910 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water de-velopment and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II of division A, add the following: S
EC. 2ll. (a) Section 206(c)(2) of the En-ergy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (43 U.S.C. 620 note; Public Law 113–235) is amended by striking ‘‘2018.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘2022: Provided, That the Secretary shall not fund pilot projects in the Upper Colorado River Basin without the participation of the Upper Colorado River Division States, acting through the Upper Colorado River Commis-sion.’’. (b) Section 9504(e) of the Secure Water Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 10364(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘$450,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$480,000,000’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I have 11 re-quests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance: How or-ganizations launder money and innova-tive techniques for fighting them.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commis-sion, and Peter A. Feldman, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Commis-sioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nomination: William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Admin-istrator, and Peter C. Wright, of Michi-gan, to be Assistant Administrator, Of-fice of Solid Waste, both of the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Current and Proposed Tariff actions administered by the Department of Commerce.’’ COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 10:15 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘USAID Resources and Redesign.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Medicaid fraud and Overpay-ments: Problems and Solutions.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Keep What you Catch: Pro-moting Traditional Subsistence Activi-ties in Native Communities.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, June 20, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, Roy Kalman Altman, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Florida, and Raul M. Arias- Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puerto Rico. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION  
The Committee on Rules and Admin-istration is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, June 20, 2018 during votes to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Election Secu-rity Preparations: A State and Local Perspective.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, June 20, 2018, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Policy Response to Russian Interference in the 2016 U.S. elections.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, June 20, 2018, at 12 p.m., to con-duct a closed hearing. 
f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, upon the recommendation of the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–292, as amended by Pub-lic Law 106–55, Public Law 107–228, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:54 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.044 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4293 June 20, 2018 
Public Law 112–75, appoints the fol-lowing individual to the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom: Ahmed M. Khawaja of Cali-fornia. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME—S. 3093 AND S. 3100 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there are two bills at the desk, and I ask for their first read-ing en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bills by title for the first time en bloc. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A bill (S. 3093) to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to address the protec-tive custody of alien children accompanied by parents, and for other purposes. A bill (S. 3100) to establish the Mountains to Sound Greenway National Heritage Area in the State of Washington. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading, and I ob-ject to my own request, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The bills will be read for the second time on the next legislative day. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 553, S. Res. 554, and S. Res. 555. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AMERICAN INNOVATION $1 COIN ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 770 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
A bill (H.R. 770) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innova-tion and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, to promote the importance of inno-vation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Mur-phy amendment at the desk be consid-ered and agreed to, and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3041) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Beginning on page 6, strike line 8 and all that follows through page 8, line 5, and insert the following: ‘‘(A) O
RDER OF ISSUANCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The coins issued under this subsection commemorating either an in-novation, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each State, the District of Columbia, or a territory shall be issued in the following order: ‘‘(I) S
TATE .—With respect to each State, the coins shall be issued in the order in which the States ratified the Constitution of the United States or were admitted into the Union, as the case may be. ‘‘(II) D
ISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND TERRI -
TORIES .—After all coins are issued under sub-clause (I), the coins shall be issued for the District of Columbia and the territories in the following order: the District of Colum-bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION IN EVENT OF THE ADMIS -
SION OF ADDITIONAL STATES .—Notwith- standing clause (i), if any additional State is admitted into the Union before the end of the 14-year period referred to in paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Treasury may issue a $1 coin with respect to the additional State in accordance with clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) A
PPLICATION IN THE EVENT OF INDE -
PENDENCE OR ADDING OF A TERRITORY .—Not- withstanding clause (i)— ‘‘(I) if any territory becomes independent or otherwise ceases to be a territory of the United States before $1 coins are minted pur-suant to this subsection, the subsection shall cease to apply with respect to such territory; and ‘‘(II) if any new territory is added to the United States, $1 coins shall be issued for such territories in the order in which the new the territories are added, beginning after the $1 coin is issued for the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE OF COINS COMMEMORATING  
FOUR INNOVATIONS OR INNOVATORS DURING  
EACH OF 14 YEARS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Four $1 coin designs as described in this subsection shall be issued during each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1) until 1 coin featuring 1 innova-tion, an individual innovator, or a group of innovators, from each of the States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and territories has been issued. ‘‘(ii) N
UMBER OF COINS OF EACH DESIGN .— The Secretary shall prescribe, on the basis of such factors as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, the number of $1 coins that shall be issued with each of the designs se-lected for each year of the period referred to in paragraph (1). The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate. Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 770), as amended, was passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:45 a.m., Thursday, June 21; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed. Finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 5895. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of our Democratic colleagues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
f 
FORCED FAMILY SEPARATION Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, many members of the Democratic caucus are coming down to the floor to speak to the abomination of a policy of sepa-rating children from their parents when people are seeking asylum in the United States of America. The Senator from Minnesota is going to speak first, followed by the Senator from Hawaii, then the Senator from Washington, fol-lowed by the Senator from Illinois. I yield to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Mr. President, I thank Mr. M
ERKLEY , the Senator from Oregon, for his leadership and his call-ing attention to the tragedy that has been going on right on our border. I rise today to join my colleagues to express my deep concern about the pol-icy that was adopted by this adminis-tration to separate families at the bor-der. What we have seen over the past sev-eral days and weeks and actually months is simply unacceptable. While the President has now recognized pub-licly that we should not be taking chil-dren from their parents, this should not be happening in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.064 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4294 June 20, 2018 
According to the Department of Homeland Security, 2,342 children were separated from their parents at the border between May 5 and June 9. The pace of these separations had been in-creasing, with nearly 70 children being taken from their parents up until today and being kept in facilities that are increasingly overcrowded. The American Medical Association and the American Academy of Pediat-rics have expressed their opposition. They said that this type of family sepa-ration does ‘‘irreparable harm’’ to chil-dren. The president of the American Academy of Pediatrics, who traveled to the border, called it ‘‘a form of child abuse.’’ It is not just the medical groups. A bipartisan group of 75 former U.S. at-torneys called on the administration to end its policy. The group included a former Republican U.S. attorney who served under both President Bushes, Tom Heffelfinger from the State of Minnesota. Their letter emphasized that the administration’s zero toler-ance policy was ‘‘a radical departure from previous Justice Department pol-icy’’ and that it is ‘‘dangerous, expen-sive, and inconsistent with the values of the institution in which [they] served.’’ All five First Ladies have been crit-ical, and, as we know, probably the woman who said it best was First Lady Laura Bush. She said: 
This zero-tolerance policy is cruel. It is immoral. And it breaks my heart. 
I think that says it all. I am glad that several of our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle have recently stood up and said they disagree with this policy. Senator G
RAHAM said: ‘‘President Trump could stop this policy with a phone call.’’ The weeks went by, and the families kept getting separated. I am pleased that Senator F
EINSTEIN  is leading a bill, the Keep Families To-gether Act. I was an original cosponsor of this bill, but I do want to note that we do not need the legislation to stop the separation of children and their parents. While I am still reviewing this Exec-utive order, I will note that it still raises serious issues, including with re-spect to the indefinite detention of children and their families, and that there are major questions about the order. That being said, action on this was necessary, and now we must move forward. I see the Senator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN , here, who has given so many speeches about Dreamers that I don’t think we could even count them. We have more issues for this country be-sides the one that has just broken the hearts of Americans. We have people on temporary status who are sitting in Minnesota who don’t know if they are going to be deported in a year, when they have been in this country legally for decades, working in our hospitals. We have Dreamers who came to this country through no fault of their own. We have immigrants who love this country, who want to be citizens here, and this Senate gave them a path to be citizens in a vote in this very Chamber years ago, and that bill never advanced in the House. We can do that again. If there is any silver lining to this tragedy as we work through it, I hope that it will focus the American people again on the fact that this is a country of immigrants and that immigrants do not diminish America; immigrants are America. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I thank Senator MERKLEY from Oregon for his leadership and my other colleagues who are coming to the floor this evening. Like so many people across the coun-try, I have been deeply affected by what is happening on our southern bor-der. Children are being ripped away from their parents, placed into mass detention, deprived of adequate legal counsel, and isolated from everyone they have ever known. Millions of peo-ple are rising up with sorrow and hor-ror over what is happening and with good reason. The President of the United States and this administration are playing games with the lives of these innocent children, and when confronted, they hide behind excuses that they are just ‘‘following the law.’’ This is just an-other lie from a President and an ad-ministration that have institutional-ized lying to justify their unconscion-able policies. There is nothing in the law that requires a zero tolerance ap-proach at the border. It was a choice that Donald Trump and his administra-tion made, and these children are suf-fering the consequences. The President’s actions are unneces-sary and cruel, but they aren’t particu-larly surprising, coming from him. On issue after issue, Donald Trump creates a crisis through his own actions, blames others for what is happening, and uses the ensuing chaos to demand a legislative solution that often harms even more people. It is up to each of us and to the mil-lions of Americans outraged by his ac-tions to stand up, fight back, and de-mand action. This action remains ur-gent, even after the President an-nounced earlier today that he would use his Executive authority to end family separation at the border. This Executive order just creates an en-tirely new problem. It does not end zero tolerance, and it does not end in-definite detention. It only means chil-dren are going to be incarcerated to-gether with their parents. This is still unacceptable and echos back to one of the darkest periods in our history when, during World War II, the U.S. Government incarcerated 120,000 Japa-nese Americans. That this time we are incarcerating non-Americans misses the point. Due process applies to every-one—everyone—on American soil. The President’s order also instructs the Attorney General to challenge the Flores settlement, which sets national standards for humane treatment of children in immigration detention and ensures their prompt release. The elimination of these national standards would have profoundly negative con-sequences for thousands of children every year and is yet another dem-onstration of the cruelty with which this administration treats immigrants to our country. The President has also hinted that legislation will accompany his Execu-tive action. Any legislative solution must result in less chaos and more jus-tice for these children and their fami-lies. Congress certainly has a responsi-bility to repair our broken immigra-tion system, and we tried hard in 2013, with months of work and bipartisan compromise. But we cannot and should not enact a patchwork solution that enshrines Donald Trump’s hatred and fear of immigrants into law. We need to think through the inevitable con-sequences of our policies and propose legislation that will actually help these families and their children. This approach stands in stark contrast to a President and an administration that rarely think things through. They never stop to consider the con-sequences of their actions. Instead of being ashamed about this, the President appears to take pleasure in the chaos he sows, but this chaos causes real damage to real people. These misguided, shoot-from-the-hip decisions of his have already caused significant harm to thousands of chil-dren who will face a lifetime of trauma after being separated from their par-ents. Let me tell you a story. It is one I haven’t told very often because it is difficult to talk about. I often speak about my own immigrant experience of coming to this country when I was 7 years old with my mom and my older brother Roy. Mom was escaping an abusive marriage to start a new life for us. Mom brought us two older kids with her, leaving my 3-year-old young-er brother behind in Japan, because we were old enough to go to school, and at 7 and 9 years old, we could look after ourselves while she was at work sup-porting us. My younger brother left back in Japan never really recovered from the trauma of the separation from his mother and his siblings. My mother always had deep sorrow about having to leave her baby behind. We finally re-united almost 3 years later. What is happening to these children feels personal to me. Like so many peo-ple, I find that my anger and emotion about this issue aren’t far below the surface for me. I am very concerned about what will happen to these 2,400 children who have already been sepa-rated from their parents. These chil-dren have already been traumatized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.050 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4295 June 20, 2018 
Yet the President’s Executive order does not prioritize reuniting these chil-dren with their parents. Years from now, stories will be writ-ten about this dark moment in our Na-tion’s history and what happened to these children. People will judge what we did and how we responded. I will continue to fight against this President’s reprehensible actions that dehumanize immigrants, tear families apart, and undermine our country’s moral leadership. I call on all of my colleagues, especially those on the other side of the aisle, to join us in this fight. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Hawaii for sharing her personal experience of how that felt because that is so important for us to hear. I thank the Senator from Oregon and all the Senators who are out here tonight to speak on this. I may be only one person, but today I bring to the floor of the Senate the outrage, the pain, and the frustration of millions of people in my home State of Washington and across the country who see what President Trump has been doing on our southern border, who have been watching the pain this forced family separation has caused so many innocent children, who have begged the President to pick up the phone, sign a piece of paper, do what-ever it takes to make it stop, who have refused to be silenced as President Trump carries out his hateful and divi-sive attacks on immigrants, and who heard a recording with desperate cries of children calling for their parents. When I heard that, my heart stopped. Like every mom, like every human being, I just wanted to reach out and comfort that child. I could only think of how his mother felt because I assure you, whether she was in that room, a room 100 miles away, or a room 3,000 miles away, like every mom, she heard her child’s cry, too, and her heart was broken. While today we saw President Trump change his story about whether he did, in fact, have the ability to make it stop, there are a lot of questions that remain—questions that actually I and others have been asking the Trump ad-ministration for weeks that have gone unanswered, like exactly how these parents are being informed about their children’s safety. Where are they? Where are they being located? When will they be reunited? Those are just a few. There are more. President Trump says the Executive order stops the separation. Does that mean starting today? Next month? When? What about the thousands of children who have been removed? Will they ever see their parents again? When? Where? How? I have not gotten answers from the Secretary of Health, Alex Azar, whose Department should be focused on fami-lies’ health and well-being but has in-stead spent that time complicit in a policy of separating families and trau-matizing parents and children alike. Even experts, such as the president of the American Academy of Pediatrics, said that the practice of intentionally inflicting trauma on young children is child abuse. While it is a good thing that Presi-dent Trump dialed back his systematic child abuse, it is not enough. We are not going to say everything is OK now. We are not going to stay quiet because while we are still digging into this new Executive order, here is what we do know right now: If this is implemented, there will continue to be zero tolerance for all asylum seekers, including do-mestic violence survivors. It is a sys-tem of locking up children by the thou-sands, all carried out in our great country’s name. I just read the story of a woman named Blanca who left El Salvador after she received threats on her 8- year-old son’s life. She took those threats seriously, she said. Why? Be-cause another family member had al-ready been kidnapped. And as Blanca said, when the extortionists don’t get their money, they kill people. So Blanca left everything behind to seek safety for her son. Two months ago she arrived at the U.S. border to seek asylum. Blanca said that was the last time she saw or talked to her son, Abel, whose last words to her were ‘‘Mom, don’t leave me.’’ That is the last thing she heard. Blanca now sits in a Federal deten-tion center at SeaTac in Washington State where she told her story through tears to an AP reporter. Her son, she has been told, is in custody in upstate New York. That is 3,000 miles away from her, and she doesn’t know when or if she is ever going to see him again. Blanca’s story is horrifying. It is sad. Unfortunately, it is not unique. She is one of thousands of parents and chil-dren who fled violence and persecution only to find a new nightmare upon ar-rival in the United States of America— a nightmare caused deliberately, for no good reason, by President Trump, who has chosen to scapegoat asylum seek-ers and put their children into deten-tion centers for an undetermined amount of time. We are better than this. We must be better than this. Turning children into bargaining chips or leverage points or deterrents—that kind of cruelty should not be an option in this great Nation. In recent days, my office has been flooded with thousands of calls and emails and letters from moms and dads and grandmothers and grandfathers— people from all walks of life, from every community I represent—who are angry at the President’s new zero tol-erance policy and who are horrified by these families who are being ripped apart. So I know I am not alone. If we can find hope in one thing, it is knowing that all those calls and emails and letters—all of that outcry—got through to the President to change course on one of his most heartless policies yet. But we cannot let up now. President Trump has claimed for days he needed congressional action to do anything at all. Today, he proved that to be simply untrue. So now we know President Trump will bow to stern pressure of a stern moral movement. Families in Wash-ington State and in every State across the Nation are continuing to demand action, and I am going to keep working to make sure their voices are heard for the sake of so many who seek refuge in our great country and those who be-lieve in the kindness and respect and compassion that does make this coun-try great. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, first he came for the Dreamers. It was in Sep-tember of last year when President Trump announced that he was going to abolish the DACA Program, an Execu-tive order by President Obama that protected 790,000 young people who came forward, registered with the Fed-eral Government, paid a $500 filing fee, went through an extensive criminal background check, proved that they had completed at least a level of edu-cation, and made clear that they were no threat to this country. For that, they were allowed, under the Executive DACA order, to live in the United States without fear of deportation for 2 years at a time, renewable, and to work in this country. Last September, President Trump de-cided to abolish that protection. He challenged Congress. He said: Now it is up to you. Pass a law. Many of us took him seriously. I worked on a bipartisan basis with many Senators, including Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM of South Carolina, Senator C
ORY GARDNER of Colorado, Senator M
ICHAEL BENNET , and Senator B
OBMENENDEZ , and we put a lot of hours into it. We wrote a bill to answer the President’s challenge. We produced the bill and presented it to him, and he rejected it. He was not going to allow us to come to a bipartisan conclusion to solve this problem without changing other parts of the law, which he de-manded. We couldn’t find bipartisan consensus for the President’s proposal. In fact, when President Trump’s immigration proposal was called on the floor of this Senate Chamber, 39 of the 100 Senators voted for it—only 39. It was a clear il-lustration that the President’s ap-proach to immigration was not even acceptable to all of the Members of his own political party. So, today, 790,000 young people across America, because of the action of President Trump last September, have only the protection of a court order that saves them from being deported, which allows them to continue to work, which allows them to renew 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.052 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4296 June 20, 2018 
their DACA status. If that court deci-sion changes in a matter of days, weeks, or months, their protection dis-appears. Clearly, this President could care less. First he came for the Dreamers. Then, in April, with the zero tolerance policy, he came for the children—the infants, the toddlers, the little boys and girls who accompanied their par-ents to the border of the United States. President Trump did something that most Americans—two out of three— find not only objectionable but un-imaginable. This President decided as a matter of policy—a get-tough policy toward immigration—that he would take children—babies, infants—away from their parents. So far, 2,400, we be-lieve, have been taken this way. What has happened to them? We don’t know. You see, in this great country of America—this transparent and open democracy—the Trump administration will not allow any type of visits by Members of Congress, members of the press, to see exactly what is happening with these children. A few photos have made it out, showing these kids being held in cages—kids in cages. That is the Trump approach when it comes to immigration. The recording came out of the cries of these children when they were being separated from their moth-ers and their parents. There was the re-port of a father who had a son yanked out of his arms and in desperation went to his jail cell and committed suicide. That is the reality of this Trump pol-icy. He has been unapologetic. From where he is standing, with the inspira-tion of Stephen Miller, his adviser and expert on immigration, getting tough is the only answer, the deterrent, put-ting pressure on Congress to pass the law this President demands—this ridic-ulous $25 billion wall that he wants to build on our border with Mexico. So what has happened? People have spoken out, and I want to thank those Republicans who had the courage to stand up and speak out. Forty-eight Democratic Senators joined Senator F
EINSTEIN in making it clear that we were prepared, if necessary, to pass leg-islation to solve this problem. Some Republican Senators have said the same, that this approach is unaccept-able and reprehensible. And the First Ladies of the United States, including Laura Bush, who was quoted earlier by Senator K
LOBUCHAR , have just been amazing. They have come forward to let us know, on a bipartisan basis, that what President Donald Trump is doing at the border with children is not only un-American, it is inhumane by any standard. Treating children this way is some-thing that can have long-term trauma on individuals. We heard from our col-league, Senator H
IRONO . She experi-enced an emotional moment here in the Senate, and I have never seen that before from her. She talked about her family’s separation and what it meant to her brother and mom. That is the re-ality of life. It is a reality this Presi-dent has ignored. Well, today, after days and weeks of objections from all across the United States, the President said that he would respond to the situation he cre-ated with an Executive order that I have in my hand. It is not that long; it is three pages. I read it closely. I read it carefully. I will tell my colleagues, this Executive order by this President does not solve the crisis that he cre-ated. The order doubles down on the Presi-dent Trump, Attorney General Ses-sions, Stephen Miller zero tolerance policy that started this whole crisis of punishing children and families. The order provides no guarantee that families actually will be kept together. Here is what the language says: It just says the administration will try to maintain family unity, including by detaining alien families together ‘‘where appropriate and consistent with law and available resources.’’ That is from the President’s Executive order. That is no guarantee that these families will be kept together. The order does nothing, speaks not a word to uniting the 2,400 children who have been separated from their fami-lies—not one word in there. For good-ness’ sakes, that is where the President should start with his Executive order: ordering his agencies to reunite these families as quickly as possible so the children who are going through the trauma of this separation will finally have a chance to see their parents again. And the order provides for—this is the President’s order issued today—the indefinite detention of mothers, fa-thers, and children who are fleeing vio-lence and seeking asylum in the United States. There is no law on the books that re-quires this government or allows this President to rip children away from their parents. The horrific scenes we have seen and heard on television are the result of a Trump administration policy that could have ended today if President Trump had simply issued an order to end it. He has it within his power to end the crisis he created. He chose not to. Instead, on World Refugee Day, President Trump offered this remedy to the crisis he created: Lock up entire families together indefinitely. To do this, he has to ignore a court order that applies to his administra-tion and every administration for the last 20 years. The Flores settlement be-tween the U.S. Government and the pe-titioners resulted in a binding 1997 court order that required that children be released from custody without un-necessary delay. The Government of the United States of America was a party to that agreement. That Flores case recognizes that children should not be treated like criminals, and it prohibits the prolonged detention of children because of harmful effects. The Trump Executive order seeks to undo the Flores consent decree. Re-pealing Flores was actually a key com-ponent of President Trump’s own im-migration legislation. That was re-jected, if my colleagues will remember, by 39 to 60 in the Senate in February. Is throwing kids in indefinite deten-tion what we want to do as a nation? Is it a loophole that a 5-year-old child cannot be detained beyond 20 days under Flores? Of course not. Remember, the Flores settlement does not prohibit detention if it is nec-essary to ensure the safety of the child. The Flores settlement simply prohibits indefinite detention of children, even with their families, and any order to undermine this critical protection will almost certainly be challenged in court. This Executive order from President Trump will be challenged on the very first day that it violates the Flores set-tlement. In this order he sends Attor-ney General Sessions into court to undo the Flores settlement, which has been the law of the land and the stand-ard for Presidents of both political par-ties for almost 20 years. Looking at the administration’s pol-icy of so-called zero tolerance, which Attorney General Jeff Sessions an-nounced in April and on which the President doubled down on today, here is what we find: The policy means they are criminally prosecuting everyone at the border, no matter what reason brought them to that border. If someone is coming to the border to smuggle opioids or as part of a crimi-nal gang, throw the book at them. But it makes no sense to throw the book at parents who come to the border with their kids because they are fleeing vio-lence and death threats. There is no re-quirement—none—to prosecute every border case as a criminal case. As with many laws, there can be criminal or civil penalties for crossing the border without authorization. Our Nation could criminally prosecute everyone who drives too fast, but we use discre-tion and prosecute selectively. Asylum seekers do not need to be caged to remain united with their fam-ilies. The government has the power to individually assess each person appre-hended at the border and determine whether that person presents a flight risk or a safety risk. Those who do not present a risk can be released with their families to await immigration proceedings. We have found that if they are given the benefit of counsel, over 90 percent of those who have court pro-ceedings show up for the proceedings. We should do that. We have effective and cost-efficient alternatives to de-tention available. President Trump and his allies have taken thousands of children hostage to try to enact their anti-immigration agenda into law. We will not be fooled. This crisis doesn’t need legislation to fix it. It requires Republican Members of Congress to join us, stand up, say no, and put an end to this ill-conceived Trump policy. Instead, we face efforts like Senator C
RUZ’s bill, which would not protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.054 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4297 June 20, 2018 
children and could undermine the due process approach that we have used in this government. This bill, like the President’s Executive order, would override the Flores settlement. That is not a good starting point to the hu-mane treatment of children. Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen claimed: ‘‘We do not have a policy of separating families at the border. Period.’’ Like many of the President’s tweets, that was just plain false. Attorney General Jeff Sessions established the zero tolerance policy that separated families—a policy that former First Lady Laura Bush called cruel and immoral. When asked to jus-tify how we could take this immoral position, Attorney General Sessions appeared to find some quote in the Bible that gave him solace. The president of the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics was more plain-spo-ken. She called this Trump policy ‘‘government-sanctioned child abuse.’’ I urge my Republican colleagues. People are watching and asking across this country: Aren’t we better than this? Can’t we treat the Dreamers in a more humane way? Can’t we save these children from being caged away from their parents? Do we want this image in the world? Is this what America has come to? I don’t believe so, and two out of three Americans happen to agree with what I just said. We are a better country than this. This President’s Executive order does not solve this problem. It makes it worse. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I first thank Senator M
ERKLEY from Oregon for organizing this very important ses-sion tonight. Last month, Attorney General Jeff Sessions unveiled the Trump adminis-tration’s new zero tolerance immigra-tion policy. Whether you come to this land fleeing violence, poverty, or perse-cution, justice isn’t blind. It is now also brutal. This inhumane policy sends a shud-der down the spine of the Statue of Liberty, but not that of our President. Zero tolerance really means zero ref-uge. Zero tolerance really means zero discretion. Zero tolerance really means zero humanity. The Trump administration’s mind-less approach to our broken immigra-tion system takes away the ability of Federal law enforcement officers to ex-ercise any discretion that might be warranted based on the facts and cir-cumstances on the ground. In other words, zero tolerance is an anti-immi-grant dragnet, the shocking effects of which we have been witnessing these past few days as children have literally been ripped from their parents’ arms and separated from them, as their mothers and fathers are taken into custody. These horrific images were finally enough, even for President Trump. This afternoon, he signed an Executive order that he says addresses the family separation crisis. It does no such thing. The Executive order that the President signed doesn’t end the zero tolerance policy of prosecuting anyone and ev-eryone who crosses the border. It reaf-firms it. If all parents are still being pros-ecuted as criminals, which the Execu-tive order requires, what does this Ex-ecutive order actually do? We can only assume that this Executive order would imprison, remand, and incar-cerate children—some as newborns— into the same correctional facilities as their parents. They would be sleeping in cages instead of cribs. In this country, our courts have de-cided that this treatment of children and families is malicious. In the Flores agreement, more than 20 years ago, we stopped this practice. Now, the Presi-dent wants to bring it back with a vengeance. The Executive order directs the At-torney General to try to modify the Flores agreement, but any attempt to undermine the critical protections for children that this landmark settlement has put in place should and will face immediate court challenge. Families and children don’t belong in jail, pe-riod. Our President’s Executive order does not ask for trained child welfare work-ers to carry out his wishes. He has called in the military. He expects this cold-blooded tactic—a tactic he is using to negotiate his wall—to be im-plemented by the Pentagon. Now, what does that mean? Appar-ently, he envisions internment camps, using existing military brigs or other facilities to lock up these families. It sounds like a return to the shameful internment camps of the 1940s, during World War II, one of the darkest chap-ters in our Nation’s history. We know how that ended—with the Federal Gov-ernment paying more than $1 billion to right a wrong that could never actually be corrected. It was a mistake that we should not even contemplate repeating. So President Trump first manufac-tured this crisis at the border, and his new Executive order makes it worse. The only thing President Trump wants to solve is the public relations night-mare he has plunged his administra-tion into. This is not a PR stunt. These are children’s lives at stake. How we re-spond to this crisis will define the character of each and every one of us. It will define our character as a nation. At this critical moral juncture, I ask each of my colleagues to choose hu-manity. To my Republican friends, your voices carry weight in this conversa-tion, especially with this administra-tion in power. Use your voices. Make clear that this Executive order will not end the suffering that this administra-tion is inflicting on vulnerable immi-grant families, because in the United States we do not keep children in jails or military prisons. We do not crim-inalize asylum seekers. We welcome immigrants for their contributions. We seek immigrants for their talents. We proudly remember our own families who came across a border, whether land or water, knowing this country meant a new start. We are better than this. We must be better than this. The President wants to send a message that immigrants aren’t welcome in America. His leader-ship may be devoid of compassion, but the American people are not. This pol-icy must end. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I begin by thanking Senator MERKLEY . Sen-ator M
ERKLEY , in my view, delivered a wake-up call to the country several weeks ago when he went to the border, and I have been very pleased to be able to join him in this effort. A few days ago, we visited a deten-tion center in Sheridan, OR. We spoke with a father who had been separated from his 18-month-old daughter. The day before Father’s Day, colleagues, Senator M
ERKLEY and I listened to a father who had been separated from his 18-month-old daughter and had no idea where she was and didn’t know when he would see her again. All over the coun-try, as part of this national shame, these stories have been breaking our hearts. Now, the President has said, for ex-ample, that he is turning away gang members. What Senator M
ERKLEY and I saw last Saturday was that he is lock-ing up innocent people who are in dan-ger because they refused to submit to gangs in their home countries. That is what we heard at the Sheridan prison just a few days ago. These stories are particularly poign-ant in our household. The Wydens had the opportunity to flee the evils of Nazi Germany for the safety and the prom-ise of the United States. My father came as a youngster. He barely spoke English. He studied hard, and when the war came he wanted to wear the uni-form of the United States more than anything. He served in our propaganda arm, where his fluent native German was a great value to the war effort because he wrote propaganda pamphlets that we dropped on the Nazis telling them that they had no chance, that they had no opportunity to survive. Unlike the comical efforts of our enemies, who mangled English, the work of young immigrants like my father, wearing the uniform of the U.S. Army, struck at the morale of German soldiers freez-ing on the battlefield. My parents were lucky to be able to make a home in our country, and they raised my brother and me here. They did their part to add to the fabric of the United States. Now, the Wydens were able to come, but not everyone of their Jewish back-ground was so fortunate. Shiploads of Jews fleeing persecution and violence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.056 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4298 June 20, 2018 
were deemed undesirable, and they were turned away from America. Let me be clear about what happened. The rallying cry for those who wished to keep people like my Jewish parents out of this country—those who denied Jew-ish refugees safety in their moment of desperation—was ‘‘America first.’’ What happened to those families who turned to the beacon of America for safety and opportunity? Many were forced back to Europe, and many of them ultimately ended up in con-centration camps. People don’t embark on the harrowing journey to America, much less with kids by their side, un-less they are fleeing serious danger and deprivation. It is with that history that I wanted to join my colleagues tonight on this floor to talk about the heartlessness we see in the Trump zero tolerance pol-icy—thousands of kids, refugees, forc-ibly separated from their parents. There are reports that border agents lied to mothers and fathers, telling them that their kids were being taken away for a bath, only to have them dis-appear—a terrifying scenario, col-leagues, with grim historical echoes. There are nursing babies taken from their mothers and kids locked in cages for days, regimented like they are criminals facing hard time. There is a reason that the courts have barred the executive from holding child refugees for more than 20 days. However, it appears the President in-tends now to ignore the courts and hold children in jails for the foresee-able future. The administration has gone to great lengths to defend their policy, but they will not stand up and defend it with honest answers. The administration even buried a recent government report showing that refugees are a positive economic force. I gather it is because it just didn’t fit the company line. I will close by saying that in my view a strong leader does not rip kids from their mothers and lock them in cages. A strong leader does not take child hostages to use as political pawns. A strong leader does not lie and mislead the American people about the true na-ture of the policy he enacts. In my view, these have been acts of weakness. My view is that the national shame which we have seen over the last few weeks is going to go down as one of the dark moments in American his-tory. It is why it is so important in the days ahead that we come together— Democrats and Republicans—and we restore the greatness of America, which is that we are better and strong-er because we stand up for refugees, refugees like the Wydens, who fled Nazi Germany decades ago. I again thank my colleague from Or-egon for his critical leadership on this matter. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise on World Refugee Day to thank the Amer-ican public for standing up against the heartless decision by the Trump ad-ministration to separate children from their families at the southern border of the United States. Because the admin-istration’s policy triggered our moral gag reflex, you spoke up loudly—every-day citizens, business executives, faith leaders, Governors pulled back Guard troops from missions on the border, and airlines announced they would not facilitate separation of families by fly-ing children hundreds of miles away from their parents. Because of you, the American public, this administration has altered its cruel policy, at least for the time being. A new Executive order suggests that families will not be separated, but many questions remain. Will they be detained indefinitely? Where will they be detained? What process will be used to determine their fate? Will people seeking to use our legal asylum process be treated like criminals? The most urgent question I have is this. What is the fate of the 2,300 chil-dren you have stripped away from their families? How will you assure that these children are properly returned to parents who are worried to death about them? Congress has to exercise the most persistent oversight to ensure that these children are restored to their families. An administration that so cavalierly separated them from their parents out of a mistaken belief that the American public wouldn’t care about it can hardly be trusted to re-unite these families with speed and compassion. We have to stay on the task to ensure that they do. Much has been said about the trauma inflicted upon these children taken from their parents. I want to say a word about how traumatic it is for a parent to have a child taken away without any idea when or if a child will be returned. Marco Antonio Munoz was a 39-year-old father from Honduras who made the difficult trek to the United States with his wife and 3-year-old boy. They came here in May after his broth-er-in-law was murdered by a drug gang near Capon. Honduras has one of the highest homicide rates in the world, and they just wanted their family to be safe. The family crossed into the United States on May 12, in Granjeno, TX—a popular crossing point for Cen-tral American families and teens who want to turn themselves in and seek asylum in the United States. I know a little bit about families like the Munoz family. I lived in Honduras in 1980 and 1981 and have returned a number of times, most recently in 2015. The violence in these neighborhoods is severe, driven by gangs connected to a drug trade that has its origins in American demand for illicit drugs pro-duced in Mexico, Central, and South America. The violence in these Hon-duran neighborhoods has a direct con-nection to the sad reality of addiction in the United States. When a family like the Munoz family leaves their home, they leave everything behind, and all they have is each other. When the Munoz family was taken into custody in the United States, Bor-der Patrol agents told them the Trump zero tolerance policy meant they had to be separated, and Mr. Munoz, the fa-ther, had a panic attack. As one border agent said: ‘‘They had to use physical force to take the child out of his hands.’’ That is called being a parent. If you tried to take my child out of my hands, I will hold on with every ounce of strength in my body. They took Mr. Munoz away. They put him in a car to take him to a kennel- like jail, and he fought in the car. He tried to escape when they took him out of the car. When they put him in the kennel, he rattled the cage he was in. They decided the cage wasn’t strong enough, so they then transported him to a regional jail in McAllen, TX, and put him in a padded cell. The next morning, when they came to visit him, he was dead in his cell, a victim of sui-cide, with a piece of clothing wrapped around his neck. An agent who found him expressed confusion about why Mr. Munoz would ‘‘choose to separate himself from his family.’’ It wasn’t Mr. Munoz who chose to separate himself from his fam-ily; it was a decision by this adminis-tration to punish him and his family that separated him from his family, and with no knowledge when or if he would see his wife and 3-year-old son again, he killed himself. When you have left your entire life behind, and all you have is your fam-ily, how can anyone fail to understand how painful it is to lose them? As we try to reassemble 2,300 families whom this administration has spread to the winds, there will be at least one 3-year-old boy who will not be able to reunite with his father. I ask this President, I ask the Attor-ney General, I ask the Secretary of Homeland Security, was it worth it? Was it worth it? I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont is recognized. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me thank Senator M
ERKLEY and others for organizing this important discussion— a discussion designed to reclaim Amer-ican values. I also want to take this op-portunity not just to thank Senator M
ERKLEY but to thank millions of peo-ple from coast to coast—people who are conservatives and progressives, Demo-crats, Republicans, Independents—for getting on the phone, for calling Mem-bers of Congress, for expressing their outrage that in the United States of America today, we have small children who are torn from their mothers and their fathers and locked up in deten-tion cages. All over this country, re-gardless of one’s political view, one un-derstands that is not what this country is about and must never be about. Tonight, as I understand it, we have Democrats here, but opposition to this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.058 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4299 June 20, 2018 
policy is widespread. Let me quote from a recent op-ed that Laura Bush, our former First Lady, the wife of a conservative Republican, wrote. This is what she said: 
Our government should not be in the busi-ness of warehousing children in converted box stores or making plans to place them in tent cities in the desert outside of El Paso. These images are eerily reminiscent of the internment camps for U.S. citizens and non-citizens of Japanese descent during World War II, now considered to have been one of the most shameful episodes in U.S. history. 
This is former First Lady Laura Bush. The good news is, because the Amer-ican people spoke up, because some Re-publicans finally had the guts to do the right thing and convey their dis-pleasure to the President, Trump has changed his policy. Let us be clear that the Executive order he issued today goes nowhere—nowhere—as far as it should go. Mr. President, I am going to ask con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article from the Daily Beast, a publica-tion that came out tonight. What they say is, there is no guar-antee in this Executive order, as Sen-ator K
AINE has indicated, that the fate of the 2,400 children currently impris-oned will be changed. There is nothing specific in the Executive order that says those 2,400 kids will, in fact, be re-united with their parents. Presumably, this will apply to future apprehensions where children will be imprisoned with their parents. Second of all, there is an effort in this Executive order to overturn the 1997 Flores settlement, which limits the government’s ability to keep chil-dren in detention and orders them to be placed in the least restrictive set-tings as possible. If you can imagine it, what this Ex-ecutive order does is raise the possi-bility of children being in prison for very long periods of time. Is that bet-ter than them being separated from their parents? I guess. But does any-body really believe we should be im-prisoning for an indefinite period of time little children? There are better ways to deal with this issue. What is clear to the American people is that once again we have a President who caused this crisis by undoing ex-isting policy. We have a President who I believe just the other day said: Noth-ing I could do, it is law. Sadly, once again, he was lying. It is not Federal law. His decision to sepa-rate children from their parents was his decision and his decision alone, as he acknowledges today by announcing an Executive order ostensibly doing away with that policy. Let me remind the American people that this terrible Executive order he issued separating children from their parents is not the first terrible Execu-tive order with regard to immigration. Let us remember that months ago, Trump created the DACA crisis and put 1.8 million young people in this coun-try—young people who were raised in this country, who are working and going to school or serving in the mili-tary—in danger of deportation because of a decision he made. I say to the President, start working hard on a new Executive order and make that Executive order clear that the 2,400 children, now in jail, separate from their parents, will, in fact, be re-united, and make it clear that we will not keep children in prison for an in-definite period of time. By the way, while you are at it, why don’t you deal with the DACA crisis you created and provide the legal sta-tus that 80 percent of the American people want to see for the young people in the DACA Program? Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have the article I referred to from the Daily Beast printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Daily Beast] T
RUMP ’SFAMILY SEPARATION ORDER DOES N
OTHING FOR FAMILIES HEALREADY BROKE  U
P (By Betsy Woodruff and Justin Glawe) 
KIDS ARE THOUSANDS OF MILES AWAY FROM  
PARENTS WITH NO RELIABLE WAY TO FIND  
EACH OTHER —AND THEY MAY NEVER AFTER  
ADULTS ARE DEPORTED . E
LPASO, TX.—Immigrant families won’t be separated anymore, thanks to a new order from President Trump, but that doesn’t mean families will be reunited. Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday ending the practice of taking children away from parents who enter the U.S. illegally. Already, though, more than 2,000 children have been separated, according to the government, and advocates and attor-neys for them fear they will never see their parents again. Despite Trump’s order, there is no clear, publicly articulated plan to reunite families who are already detained. Parents are held in facilities near the border like McAllen, Texas while their children are sent to foster- care homes as far as New York, Illinois and Michigan. While the adults wait to be de-ported, their advocates must navigate mul-tiple federal agencies to locate their chil-dren. ‘‘The executive order that President Trump signed is no solution,’’ said Michelle Brane´, director of the Women’s Refugee Commission Migrant Rights and Justice pro-gram, in a statement. ‘‘First, there are more than 2,000 children already separated from their parents. This EO does nothing to ad-dress that nightmare.’’ The Department of Health and Human Services will not make a special effort to re-unite the children already separated from their families, according to a CBS report. On Tuesday, an ICE spokesperson told The Daily Beast if a parent asks to be deported with a separated child, the agency will ac-commodate the request ‘‘to the extent prac-ticable.’’ A child immigrant advocate in the Mid-west looking after a 6-year-old Guatemalan girl described ‘‘cold-calling’’ ICE officials in El Paso and Washington, D.C. to reunited girl with her mother so they can be deported together. The girl’s mother is in ICE custody in El Paso after being turned away at the Paso del Norte port of entry where she sought asy-lum. The Daily Beast is providing the advo-cate with anonymity to protect the identity of the mother and child from feared retribu-tion for speaking out. In her case, the advocate says an Office of Refugee Resettlement agent was helpful in coordinating with ICE, but that isn’t always the case. ‘‘There’s some actors that are more willing to cooperate than others,’’ the advocate said. The advocate estimated many of the sepa-rated children will be in the U.S. six months from now. ‘‘I would say these children will still be here,’’ the advocate added. Even if a foreign government agrees to allow a immigrant back into the country, there is no guarantee that U.S. court cases for the parent or the child will be resolved at the same time, allowing them to return to-gether (Adults are being tried in criminal court, while children are tried separately in immigration courts.) DHS conceded that parents have been de-ported without their children. ‘‘When parents are removed without their children, ICE, ORR, and the consulates work together to coordinate the return of a child and transfer of custody to the parent or for-eign government upon arrival in country, in accordance with repatriation agreements be-tween the U.S. and other countries,’’ the spokesperson said Tuesday. Chris Carlin, head of the federal public de-fender’s office in Alpine, Texas, told The Daily Beast that he fears some of his clients will never be reunited with their children. ‘‘I think that’s a real possibility,’’ he said. Many of the deported parents return to homelessness and poverty, Carlin said, and may not be reachable by the U.S. govern-ment who is still holding their child days, weeks or months later. HHS has put the children of Carlin’s cli-ents in foster homes as far away as New York and Illinois, and he said this makes the obstacle of reconnecting children to their parents potentially insurmountable. ‘‘In the cases that I’m personally familiar with, I don’t see any evidence of any plan to reunify the parent and the child after the conclusion of the adult’s criminal case,’’ Carlin said. ‘‘I don’t see any evidence of that at all.’’ Parents in detention are unlikely to have all the requisite identification documents DHS and HHS demand to prove that a parent and child are in fact related, according to Carlos M. Garcia, an immigration attorney in Austin. Garcia said none of the people he met with had received any paperwork on how to find their children. However, The Daily Beast ob-tained an ICE document that is handed out to immigrants once they’re detained. It con-tains several phone numbers for parents to try to find their children. One number notes that the lines are monitored by DHS, pos-sibly scaring away undocumented members of immigrants’ families. ‘‘Who knows when they’ll be reunified, if they are reunified,’’ Garcia said. A former ICE director told NBC News par-ents and children may be separated for years, if not permanently. ‘‘You could be cre-ating thousands of immigrant orphans in the U.S. that one day could become eligible for citizenship when they are adopted,’’ said John Sandweg, who served as ICE’s acting director in the Obama administration from 2013–2014. The children of parents who have been de-ported may sometimes be able to gain the legal right to stay in the U.S. if they can make a valid asylum claim, qualify for spe-cial immigrant juvenile status, or qualify for a visa for crime victims, according to Ashley Feasley, the director of policy at Migration and Refugee Services in U.S. Council of Catholic Bishops. Her organization works 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.060 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4300 June 20, 2018 
with children who have been separated from their parents. ‘‘How do we ensure that we can connect a mom that’s been deported to make sure she is fully informed of her child’s rights and re-sponsibilities under the immigration system, and do so in the timely manner that we’ll need to as prescribed by our immigration laws?’’ Feasley said. ‘‘That’s a big concern of mine.’’ Children who have been separated from their parents usually get a brief legal ori-entation, but most don’t have lawyers so they have to face an immigration judge alone. If their parents are deported or in de-tention, they may have no idea what kind of legal decisions their children face. ‘‘These kids are traumatized,’’ the Midwest advocate said. ‘‘The families are heart-broken.’’ 
Mr. SANDERS. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues who are here tonight and Senator M
ERKLEY for organizing this evening. The President has taken a step back from a crisis he provoked, a crisis he caused, and it seems like it is a rare recognition on his part that when a President speaks and a President acts, he speaks and he acts on behalf of the American people, not on his own be-half. The American people could not stand the idea that this country would do what it did to these kids in their name. They could not stand the idea that the whole world would see the sep-aration of children from their parents on the southern border of the United States of America—perpetrated by our own government. Finally, probably for the first time ever, this President relented to the val-ues the American people share whether they are conservatives or whether they are liberals or something in between that. That is a reason to say I am glad we are moving in that direction. Maybe another good thing will come out of this, which is that the people who stood up who work for this admin-istration and defended this terrible, in-humane policy in the name of the law and in the name of religion—the Bible—might think harder the next time they do that at a moment of con-science like this one. As my colleagues have said, it is not clear tonight what is in the policy. I quote a New York Times article that is on the front page of the paper tonight. It reads: 
And a Health and Human Services official said that more than 2,300 children who have already been separated from their parents under the President’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ pol-icy will not be immediately reunited with their families while the adults remain in fed-eral custody during their immigration pro-ceedings. ‘‘There will not be a grandfathering of ex-isting cases,’’ said Kenneth Wolfe, a spokes-man for the Administration for Children and Families, a division of the Department of Health and Human Services. Mr. Wolfe said the decision about the children was made by the White House, but he added, ‘‘I can tell you definitively that is going to be policy.’’ 
So what are they saying—that cur-rent kids aren’t going to be grand-fathered, that the current kids who have been on the TV this week and the week before are not going to have the benefit of this Executive order? Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this article be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, June 20, 2018] T
RUMP RETREATS ON SEPARATING FAMILIES , B
UTTHOUSANDS WILLREMAIN APART  (By Michael D. Shear, Abby Goodnough and Maggie Haberman) W
ASHINGTON .—President Trump caved to enormous political pressure on Wednesday and signed an executive order meant to end the separation of families at the border by detaining parents and children together for an indefinite period. ‘‘We’re going to have strong—very strong— borders, but we are going to keep the fami-lies together,’’ Mr. Trump said as he signed the order in the Oval Office. ‘‘I didn’t like the sight or the feeling of families being sep-arated.’’ But Justice Department officials said it was not clear whether the practice of sepa-rating families could resume after 20 days if a federal judge refuses to give the govern-ment the authority it wants to hold families together for a longer period. And a Health and Human Services official said that more than 2,300 children who have already been separated from their parents under the president’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy will not be immediately reunited with their families while the adults remain in federal custody during their immigration pro-ceedings. ‘‘There will not be a grandfathering of ex-isting cases,’’ said Kenneth Wolfe, a spokes-man for the Administration for Children and Families, a division of the Department of Health and Human Services. Mr. Wolfe said the decision about the children was made by the White House, but he added, ‘‘I can tell you definitively that is going to be policy.’’ The president signed the executive order days after he said that the only way to end the division of families was through congres-sional action because ‘‘you can’t do it through an executive order.’’ But he changed his mind after a barrage of criticism from Democrats, activists, members of his own party and even his wife and eldest daughter, who privately told him it was wrong. Stories of children being taken from their parents, audio of wailing toddlers and images of teenagers in cagelike detention facilities had exploded into a full-blown political crisis for Mr. Trump and congressional Repub-licans, who were desperate for a response to those who have called the practice ‘‘inhu-mane,’’ ‘‘cruel’’ and ‘‘evil.’’ The president’s four-page order says that officials will continue to criminally pros-ecute everyone who crosses the border ille-gally, but will seek to find or build facilities that can hold families—parents and children together—instead of separating them while their legal cases are considered by the courts. But the action raised new questions that White House officials did not immediately answer. The order does not say where the families would be detained. And it does not say whether children will continue to be sep-arated from their parents while the facilities to hold them are located or built. Officials on a White House conference call said they could not answer those questions. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, the headline of the article reads: ‘‘Trump Retreats on Separating Families, but Thousands Will Remain Apart.’’ We need to know, and that, obvi-ously, isn’t going to be acceptable to the American people if that is what it is. The last point I want to make to-night, because I know I have other col-leagues here, is that it does not help matters when the President is com-pletely allergic to the truth on any di-mension but especially on this one. Today, at the White House, in front of all of the cameras and in front of the Republicans he invited there—he didn’t invite any Democrats—this is what he said in lamenting the fact that he couldn’t do a deal with Democrats. This is the President: We’re having a lot of problem with Demo-crats. They don’t care about lack of security, they would like to have open borders, where anybody in the world can just flow, including from the Middle East—from anybody any-where they can just flow into our country. Tremendous problems with that. Tremen-dous crime caused by that. We are just not going to do it. 
That is what he said is our position. As the Presiding Officer knows, I was on the Gang of 8 in 2013 that negotiated what was called the Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigra-tion Enforcement Act of 2013. The first two words in that title are ‘‘border se-curity.’’ It got 68 votes on this floor. Every single Democrat voted for it. I want the American people to know what is in it because they will never hear from the President as to what was in it: There is $46 billion dollars for border enforcement; $30 billion to hire and de-ploy nearly 20,000 new Border Patrol agents, doubling the total number, a doubling of the number of Border Pa-trol agents; $8 billion for a fence along the southern border at least 700 miles long; $4.5 billion for new surveillance technologies, including air and marine surveillance so we could see every inch of the border, so we would know what was happening there; $2 billion to enact recommendations of a newly estab-lished southern border security com-mission; $750 million to expand the E- Verify; the remaining $1.5 billion dol-lars for administrative costs to the De-partments of State, Labor, Agri-culture, and Justice. That was the border security bill we passed in 2013, and that is the border security bill we should pass today. The only reason it is not the law of the land today is that the House would not let it come to a vote. Had they let it come to a vote, had the Speaker allowed it to come to a vote, it would have passed. I think, collectively, we should go back to that work and see if we can’t actually solve the problem rather than just play politics with it or, in the case of what we have just seen, rather than play politics with the lives of the chil-dren on the southern border. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:13 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.066 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4301 June 20, 2018 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about the President’s Executive order about the separation of family policy and about the incarceration of family policy that has now replaced it. There are details that are unknown at this point about how this program will be working as we go forward, but we know enough right now to have the most serious and significant concerns about the Presi-dent’s Executive order. Every great nation—even the great-est Nation in the history of the world like the United States of America—has moments of extraordinary shame, times when it loses its moral compass, and it simply takes the wrong direc-tion. We can remember a number of them in our own Nation’s history. One of them was the internment of Japa-nese children who were thrown into World War II-era detention camps and imprisoned, in effect, with their par-ents. Almost every lawyer in the United States of America and most citizens know the name Korematsu, and that is because it was a moment of shame for this country. Ending family separation—the proc-ess of tearing children away from their moms and dads—is a welcomed and hu-mane step, but the solution should not be the indiscriminate and indefinite de-tention of children. Family separation should not be replaced by family im-prisonment. There is no moral advan-tage to incarcerating children as op-posed to tearing them away from their parents. In fact, it is not only immoral, it is illegal. The courts have said so on a number of occasions—in 1997, in the Flores case, which is now well-known to everyone, but more recently, in fact, as recently as 2016. The reason goes to the core of our constitutional principle about how and when and whom we im-prison, how we take liberty away from people. Indefinitely imprisoning children and families is still inhumane and ineffec-tive law enforcement. President Trump’s current policies will put chil-dren behind bars indefinitely and indis-criminately. Children will experience many of the same enduring of trauma, pain, and harm. The world will con-tinue to watch the United States of America lock up innocent children and throw away the key. Much like the policy of family sepa-ration, this new policy of indefinite and indiscriminate family detention harkens back to those dark days, to those moments of shame in this coun-try during World War II. History will judge us as harshly if we fail to speak out and stand up at this moment of testing. The gaze of history is upon us now. It is upon the President. It is upon every Member of the U.S. Senate. There are immense costs to this pol-icy—$775 a day, per individual, at these detention camps. Yet the costs are way beyond dollars and cents; they are to the moral image and authority of this country and to our self-image—the ac-countability to ourselves, to our own sense of morality and humanity. The world was outraged when it saw children being torn away from parents, and now the President has acknowl-edged that his heart responded as well. Yet soon—and I would predict very soon—we will see images as striking, as stunning, and as repugnant as those images of taking children away from their parents when we see those images of the detention facilities, cages, and of children—young people behind bars and packed beyond capacity—on military bases and other places that were never designed to be holding facilities. The world will be outraged by those images as well—of the sights and sounds of those children. We owe this new policy a special scrutiny and a strong sense of outrage if it is what it seems like right now. We cannot remain silent about the chil-dren who have been already separated from their parents. Nothing in this Ex-ecutive order—not a word—provides for the reunification of the thousands of children who have already been sepa-rated from their parents. What will happen to them? Where are they? Where are their parents? How will they be reunited? What trauma will they continue to endure? This policy re-mains as inhumane and cruel for them as it was earlier today or this week. All of us bear a responsibility in this moment. I urge my colleagues to take this day—World Refugee Day—to com-memorate the great work done by brave individuals in this country who help to resettle refugees and the refu-gees themselves who had the courage and strength to come here after having made the journeys from shores far away and after having overcome obsta-cles most of us have never confronted. There are solutions other than put-ting children into detention camps. There are release programs that in-volve oversight and supervision. There is also a case management program that has been working, along with other cities’ efforts, that has been used for releasing them. We should choose the least restrictive alternative, the least burdensome one that best serves the purposes of law enforcement. Make no mistake, we have that obligation not only as a matter of heart and mo-rality but also of law. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I begin tonight by thanking my colleague Sen-ator M
ERKLEY for his leadership on this issue. I rise to join my Democratic col-leagues and millions of Americans who have been appalled and outraged at the humanitarian crisis that President Trump has created on our southern border. Make no mistake, these past few weeks have truly been an affront to our American values. By now, we have all witnessed the horrifying reality—the images of children being held in cages, the cries of screaming kids who have no idea where their parents are being taken or if they will ever see them again. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity announced that between May 5 and June 9, the Department took 2,300 chil-dren—approximately 70 children per day—from their parents. Pediatricians, psychologists, and health professionals have made clear the lasting harm of these forced separations. According to experts, when children are forcibly re-moved from their parents, the amount of toxic stress can cause neurons in the brain to be killed off, leaving damage that impacts brain development and can cause long-term behavioral health issues, although no parent needs a doc-tor to tell them that. The fact that our government has en-gaged in this type of physical and psy-chological damage to children is mor-ally reprehensible. These actions have been unacceptable and completely un-necessary. Let’s be clear. The President created this crisis, and over the past days and weeks, the President and his adminis-tration made false claim after false claim, saying that there was nothing they could do to reverse the Presi-dent’s own actions. The fact that the President bowed to pressure and signed an Executive order today cannot undo the trauma that has already been in-flicted. We cannot forget about the children and parents that remain separated to-night, and immediate action must be taken to reunite children with their families. Earlier tonight, there were reports that the Department of Health and Human Services will not—will not—make special efforts to reunite children who have already been sepa-rated from families because of the President’s actions. We cannot and will not accept this continued brutality. The President must act immediately to reunite these children with their par-ents. Surely the U.S. Government is capable of that. In the United States of America, we must work to secure our border in a manner that reflects our values, and I am committed to working with anyone on comprehensive bipartisan immigra-tion reform. Separating children from their fami-lies was an abhorrent policy to pursue, and it will forever mark a dark and shameful period in our country’s his-tory. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from California is recognized. Ms. HARRIS. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator M
ERKLEY for bringing us all together to address what is, I think, as my colleague Senator H
ASSAN  has said, one of the dark marks in the history of our country. I rise today to call attention to what has clearly been a human rights abuse committed by the U.S. Government, and that is the outrageous and inhu-mane separation of children from their parents at the border. This morning, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.063 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4302 June 20, 2018 
thousands of children woke up without their parents, not knowing where they were, not knowing when they would see them again, not knowing the adults who surround them, having no rela-tionship of trust with these people who have removed their ability to be in the arms and embrace of their parents. This is simply inhumane, and it is un-acceptable. Even with the Executive order from the President of the United States, that number will be the same tomor-row. Those 2,000-plus children will be in the same situation tomorrow that they were in today and the day before and the day before and the day before that. Over the last few months, the De-partment of Homeland Security has separated more than 2,000 children from their parents at the border, many of them younger than 4 years old. Let’s be clear about what that point is and that moment is in this stage of human development. Age is more than a chronological fact. There are phases of childhood that can never be replaced— phases of childhood that when that child experiences trauma, he or she will have lifelong impact; phases of life during which a child is so innocent and needs love and needs nurturing and needs that love and nurturing from their parents. It cannot be replaced by anyone else, and certainly not by the cage in which they are now being held. So let’s look at where we are. It is a child’s worst nightmare, a nightmare that is displayed, as my colleagues have discussed, in the stories of a child who was apparently ripped from her mother’s breast while being breastfed. There are nightmare stories of a 3- year-old who was torn from the arms of his father and the father being so dis-traught that he took his own life. We should tell the truth. We have to speak the truth. The American public knows the truth. Let’s speak truth here in the U.S. Senate. Let’s speak truth as leaders and acknowledge the lifelong consequences of the separation we visited upon these children and their parents. The American Medical Association and the American Acad-emy of Pediatrics have weighed in on this topic, and what they have said is that family separation in these cases, not as a general matter—it is generally true—but specifically in these cases it will cause lifelong trauma. They have indicated there is empirical evidence of the fact that it is likely to cause sig-nificant harm to the brain structure of these children and will affect these children’s long- and short-term health. Let’s be clear. A society is judged based on how it treats its children. A society is judged based on how it treats the least among us, and we will be judged harshly. History will judge us harshly because of what this adminis-tration has done. As I stand here at this moment, hours after the announcement of the Executive order on this issue, I find it shocking that the Executive order fails to acknowledge that over 2,000 children are currently, at this very moment, without their parents. I find it shock-ing that the Executive order fails to acknowledge, take into account or even concern itself with the fact that tonight there will be over 2,000 children who will go to bed, who will go to sleep without a kiss goodnight from their mother or their father. There are 2,000 children in our country tonight who will go to bed without a hug from their parents. The 2,000 children tonight will go to bed asking: Where is my mommy? Where is my daddy? This is an outrage. It is an outrage—not to mention these children are innocent and have committed no wrongdoing whatsoever. Let’s be clear. Thankfully, the American people have been speaking out over these last many weeks, and that is the only rea-son the administration finally had to acknowledge that politically it could not survive its misdeeds. There has still been no acknowledgment by this administration that it visited this pol-icy upon itself and, after urging from every type of person from every walk of life, still held steadfast in sup-porting this policy. Then it started to snowball, and they couldn’t stand by it any longer, but it was only because of the pressure, only because of the re-lentless coverage by journalists who went to Texas, who went to California and the activists who stood outside of those detention centers and demanded that there be justice and humanity in this system, and it was because of that activism and because of those people speaking out that finally this adminis-tration did what was necessary to end the thing that it started around the separation of these children. But this is not enough. The reality is that there is nothing about this Executive order that ad-dresses those 2,000 children who are currently without their parents. There is nothing about the administration’s stated policy as of today that indicates any plan to reunify those children with their parents. Let’s look at the effect of this Execu-tive order. The effect is there is still indefinite detention of families in America because of this administra-tion’s policy. So now we are going to go from babies in cages to babies with their mommies in cages. Let’s be clear about the effect of this Executive order. Millions more tax-payer dollars will be used to expand de-tention camps on top of the billions of taxpayer dollars that have already poured into this detention system. Let’s be clear about the effect of this Executive order. The so-called zero tol-erance policy that created this problem in the first place is still in effect. It is still in effect. Let’s be clear about this Executive order. The effect is to suggest that a mother fleeing the murder capital of the world—which is what the zero tol-erance policy suggests—that a mother fleeing with her child from the murder capital of the world should be treated as being a threat to our safety that is equal to being a member of a transnational criminal organization. As a prosecutor for most of my adult life, I find that absolutely disingenuous and absolutely wrong on a moral level, on an ethical level, and devoid of any reference to real fact. But I am not sur-prised, given the administration’s track record on this issue. If you look at what has been coming out of this administration in terms of its policies, it paints a constellation of attacks on immigrant women, immi-grant children, and immigrant fami-lies. Let’s look at the constellation be-fore us and what has been going on. Let’s just look at how this adminis-tration has changed the policies about detention of pregnant women. Before this administration acted on this sub-ject, it was the policy of the U.S. Gov-ernment to place pregnant women in the least restrictive place, where they could be able to get the kind of pre-natal care they so desperately need and deserve. This administration rolled back those protections of pregnant women. Let’s look; there used to be a policy that gave a presumption that pregnant women would not even be detained and should be in less restrictive situations, but this administration changed that policy. Let’s look at how the Office of the In-spector General and the Government Accountability Office have raised seri-ous concerns about oversight and con-ditions in the detention facilities. There is nothing about this Executive order that addresses those concerns. Let’s look at a complaint filed just last year by numerous organizations, such as the Women’s Refugee Commis-sion, that documents insufficient med-ical care and inhumane conditions for pregnant women in ICE custody—all of which is why I have been proud to work with Representative J
AYAPAL to intro-duce the DONE Act, which will slash ICE detention beds by using alter-natives to detention and would in-crease badly needed oversight of these facilities. Let’s look at another policy. There are reports that the Department of Homeland Security is looking at de-creasing the standard of care for chil-dren in detention facilities—decreasing the standard of care. These standards govern the types of meals that a child must eat in order to be healthy. These standards govern the kind of recreation a child should receive, again, in order to be healthy, and just this past month, the Attorney General of the United States announced a decision that makes it nearly impossible for victims of domestic violence, over 90 percent of whom are women, to seek asylum in the United States. Let’s look at one final policy that makes this administration’s priorities around children very clear—the fact that they have ended DACA. We have talked about this extensively. We have talked about how the American Gov-ernment made a promise to these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.064 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4303 June 20, 2018 
Dreamers, these young people, and this administration has failed to keep that promise. So what we see is an administration that is engaged in an act of complete hypocrisy, pretending to care about families and children, when in fact, they have a track record of policies that are specifically damaging to fami-lies, women, and children. In conclusion, there is no medical or logical reason that dictates or requires this administration to detain more pregnant women, and it has to stop. There is no evidence that says you should reduce care for children in de-tention facilities. That has to stop. There is no reason not to have a plan to reunify the 2,300 children who will go to sleep tonight torn from their par-ents and alone. There is no reason, and it has to stop. This is not reflective of who we are as a country. We are better than this. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I real-ly appreciate the comments of my col-league from California. She brings her background as a prosecutor, as attor-ney general to bear, as well as the heart of an American who understands that it is not within the scope of Amer-ica’s history or of our traditions or of our culture to treat those who are flee-ing persecution by then persecuting them when they arrive on our shores. It is quite the opposite. Thank you for your comments tonight. Thank you to my colleagues who have spoken before, the 13 Members of the Senate who came and spoke this evening, sharing some very powerful stories. In several cases, they told pow-erful stories about their own family history, about their own parents or grandparents coming here to the United States of America, placing themselves in a situation. They spoke about how they might have suffered if President Trump had been in office when their families came to the shores of the United States and if they had been separated from their parents when they arrived. It really helps sometimes to put yourself in the shoes of others, to rec-ognize that outside of our Native Americans, virtually all of us have roots that involve families fleeing per-secution, fleeing civil war, fleeing reli-gious oppression, fleeing starvation, and coming here to the United States of America. When they came to the United States, they knew that the gen-eral principle of our country was to treat them with respect and dignity. It has always been symbolized by Lady Liberty. Lady Liberty says: ‘‘Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’’ That quote is the one we all know from Emma Lazarus. Her poem inscribed on the Statue of Liberty has some other powerful lines, like this one: ‘‘From her beacon-hand glows worldwide welcome.’’ That has been the attitude of America. She says ‘‘the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost, to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door!’’ Well, that golden door, Lady Lib-erty’s torch lighting the path, has been desecrated by President Trump because he has a new inscription, a new mes-sage he wanted to send. That message is called a deterrent. If you are fleeing oppression abroad and you wash up here on the shores of the United States of America, we are going to put you in handcuffs, we are going to throw you in prison, and we are going to take away your children. That is hardly the pow-erful vision of respect and dignity that has been the hallmark of how we treat-ed those fleeing oppression throughout our history. Pregnant and fearing for her unborn baby’s life, a woman fled a death threat from a drug cartel in Honduras. She made her way to America, delivering her baby girl, Andrea, along the way. On Sunday, a group of seven Members of Congress—myself included—met her and her baby. We had gone out on the bridge to see what was going on be-cause we had heard that our American border guards were blocking those seeking asylum from coming across that bridge. They were demanding to see papers of people on the pedestrian bridge, saying: You have a visa, fine. You have a passport, fine. You have no papers and you are seeking asylum, you are not welcome. You may not enter. I found it hard to believe that we would treat those fleeing persecution, seeking asylum, in that manner, but I heard from others that was the case, and there were articles in the news-paper. We went out there, and we saw it firsthand. Here is this mother with her baby girl. We were able to talk to her be-cause when we came off the bridge and went into the Hidalgo Port of Entry, through those doors, they had a variety of counseling rooms there. One room was holding 10 or so individuals. I said: Have you let in anyone who is seeking asylum? They said: Oh, yes. I said: Can we meet that person? They said: Yes. They brought her out to us with her little girl. She sat down. I sat down be-side her. We asked her some questions. Why are you fleeing from Central America? She said: My family took a loan from a private bank. The private bank has a relationship with the drug cartel or criminal empire that runs that part of the city. We can’t repay the loan. We had been told that I am targeted to be killed. I was safe as long as I was preg-nant, but as soon as I delivered, I would be at high risk. With a month to go in my pregnancy, I fled. I fled to protect the life of my child and my life. I fled. Unfortunately, her uncle was killed. She escaped, but her uncle was killed. I think we all have to conclude that her fear was very real. There she is, 8 months pregnant, taking the journey from Honduras north up through Gua-temala, through Mexico, to get to the United States, stopping along the way to deliver her baby. I think about the journey of Mary and Joseph with Mary pregnant, seek-ing shelter, a place to deliver her child, Baby Jesus. She was let in, given ac-commodation, taken care of, wel-comed. This woman was largely on her own, as far as I could make out. She contin-ued north with her newborn, and she made it to our border finally, escaped the drug cartel, escaped the death threat, and delivered her baby. She made it through Guatemala and Mex-ico. She got to our shore—the shore so long symbolized by Lady Liberty and her beacon of hope and welcome. She got to the border, and she tried to cross the pedestrian bridge, and she was stopped. She was sent back. She said she tried multiple times to get across that pedestrian bridge, and she was rebuffed again and again. I said to her: How did you get across the bridge? We had been out there. We had seen the border guards stopping those with-out papers. How did you get across? For just a moment, an absolute smile lit up her face. She said that as she was sent back time and again, she would study the situation, and she saw that there were people out washing the win-dows on the car bridge. She said: I had a plan. She went out and she borrowed a squeegee from one of the car window washers who were washing car windows and asking for tips. She washed win-dows all across the bridge, making her way through the cars to the United States of America, and then she was able to open that door to the port of entry in Hidalgo. That is how hard it was for one young woman with a 65-day-old child in her arms to get the opportunity to seek asylum in the United States of America. It troubles me to reread the tran-script of Secretary Nielsen, who pro-ceeded to say that there is no reason for people to cross our borders; all they have to do is come to the port of entry. That is all they have to do. But she is in charge of this program of slow-walk-ing those seeking asylum to only let in a few at a time and send them back time and time again. There was an attorney who was doing pro bono legal work for immigrants. On my first trip down 2 weeks ago before last Sunday, she told me that when she got out to that bridge, there were some 40 families sleeping on the bridge, wait-ing to be allowed to come in. When I went on Sunday with the con-gressional delegation, we said we want-ed to go out on the bridge. The officer said: Well, there is no-body on the bridge. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.065 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4304 June 20, 2018 
I asked: Why not? They were there 2 weeks ago. He said: There is no one on the bridge. You can go out and see for yourself. Well, here is why there was nobody on the bridge: There is nobody on the bridge because they are not being let past the American border guards to come to the American side of the bridge. This pro bono immigrant advocate and attorney said that those folks are trapped in a terrible, no-win situation because if they return to the Mexico side, the gangs in that city know they are easy prey. She recounted how some had been kidnapped and then their families had been extorted to get the money to free them. It is almost better for somebody to be on the bridge wait-ing than to be sent back to the Mexi-can side. Those who run out of patience and end up crossing the border by going across the nearby river—the bridge is actually over the Rio Grande River. If they do that, then the administration says: You have committed a crime. We are going to lock you up and take your children away. Another young woman we met on this trip was hanging her head with hopelessness and resignation. She told us she had presented herself for asylum at an official port of entry because she heard the right thing to do was to ask for asylum. Despite doing it at a port of entry, she was charged with illegally crossing the border. Now she sits in an ICE detention center with no idea where her child is, no communication with her family, no legal representa-tion. Will she ever see her toddler again? She doesn’t know. I don’t know. Do you know whether she will ever see her child again? Another mother we talked with was panicked over her child’s health. She said that her child had medical condi-tions. When the border guards took the child away, they didn’t get any of the information from her about how he needed to be cared for. She is deeply disturbed. She was pleading with them to take the medical information. She still doesn’t know where her child is. She doesn’t know how he is going to be cared for. How is that mother going to find out about her son’s health? Here is what we know. This policy, which was run as a pilot project last summer, was officially sanctioned with a policy memo on April 6 and was offi-cially announced on May 7. This policy of separating children from their par-ents is an extraordinarily egregious as-sault on the welfare of the parent, and it inflicts massive trauma on the child. The American Academy of Pediatrics describes it this way: ‘‘irreparable harm.’’ It is harm that cannot be fixed. Our colleague from Hawaii shared the story of family separation when her mother was not able to bring all of her children with her when she escaped do-mestic violence and came to the United States to start a new life and the life-long impact that this has had on her brother. Well, here is a piece of the puzzle we should spend a lot of time thinking about. Attorney General Sessions just changed the policy of the United States about what qualifies for asylum. So my colleague from Hawaii, whose mother fled domestic violence, would no longer qualify for an opportunity for asylum in the United States of America. She would have been turned away and sent home, back to the horrific cir-cumstances from which she escaped, and my colleague today would not be a U.S. Senator, sitting here helping us to understand this issue through her per-sonal, powerful experience. That moth-er, the window washer who carried her baby, Andrea, 65 days old, she told us, in one arm and a squeegee in the other, washing windows to get across and fi-nally bypass the American border guard so that she could present her case for asylum—she was fleeing a gang. A drug cartel is defined as a gang, so she is not eligible for asylum— a change that was just made by Jeff Sessions unilaterally. This was an es-tablished policy to serve thousands of families fleeing from oppression over-seas, and they have just lost their legal standing to be able to present their cases. I was distraught about this Executive order that came out. It is very vague. The President—was he ready to stand up and take responsibility for the pol-icy he implemented? Was he ready to say: I thought it was right, and here is why. I hear the American people. I hear the Southern Baptists. I hear the evan-gelical leaders. I hear the United Meth-odists. I hear the citizens profoundly disturbed by the treatment of children from every corner of the United States, from every part—from Alaska to Flor-ida, from Maine to Southern Cali-fornia, and across Hawaii. I hear them, and I am going to do better. I am going to change this. I am going to modify what we do. Did he take responsibility? No. He titled it ‘‘Affording Congress An Opportunity To Address Family Sepa-ration,’’ and then he proceeded to say nothing about actually uniting the families he has already separated. There is not a thing in here about actu-ally remedying the harrowing plight that he has now put several thousand families into—and counting. The last count I heard was 2,300, and that was days ago. Where are we now? There are 2,500 families separated, children sepa-rated from their parents. What do we know about this situa-tion in which the existing children are going to be united or not united? We have an article from the New York Times that my colleague from Colo-rado referred to this evening. It an-swers the question very plainly. I have heard various analyses saying that this Executive order fails to address what is going to happen to the current chil-dren, those children who were sent far away from their parents and their par-ents are incarcerated. The parents are in prison far away. Where are the chil-dren? Far away. What is going to hap-pen to them? This doesn’t say. It does say that it is the policy of this administration to maintain family unity, as if it has always been the pol-icy of the administration to maintain family unity. It doesn’t announce that they are reversing the previous policy. It doesn’t announce a new policy. It says that it is the policy to maintain family unity. If it is the policy to maintain family unity, then why do I have this in my hand, this article from the New York Times, quoting Kenneth Wolfe, a spokesman for the Administration for Children and Families? Realize this: When the Department of Homeland Security takes children away from their parents, it then ships them out to a different agency, the Ad-ministration for Children and Fami-lies, which is a part of the Office of Refugee Resettlement, which is part of the Department of Human Services. So the children are torn away by Home-land Security, and then they are put in a different department over here, a subsection called the Administration for Children and Families. So here is the spokesman, and he says: ‘‘There will not be a grandfathering of existing cases.’’ ‘‘Cases’’—what a word to de-scribe children ripped away from their parents. They are cases; no ‘‘grandfathering of existing cases,’’ he said. He goes on to say: ‘‘I can tell you de-finitively that is going to be [the] pol-icy.’’ Well, I can tell you definitively, I am going to fight that policy. I am going to fight that policy of failing to reunite these families after the admin-istration says that it is policy to keep families together and then says: But not all the children we have already harmed. This is pretty disturbing, but it is only the half of it. What is the other half? The other half is that the admin-istration has not given up on its strat-egy of deterrence based on injuring children. It is a strategy laid out by Jeff Sessions, supported by Chief of Staff John Kelly, with Steve Miller chiming in to say: This will work. They want to deter people from seeking asy-lum here in the United States of Amer-ica by mistreating those who arrive and try to seek asylum. They use the word ‘‘deterrence’’ to send a message of what will happen to you if you try to come here. There is no moral code in the United States of America or in the world that would support hurting children to send a message to families still overseas. There is no religious tradition on this planet that supports injuring children to send a message overseas. But here we have Mr. Wolfe speaking defini-tively that nothing is going to be done for those children, those more than 2,000 children who have been separated from their parents. Moreover, the other half of the policy is that for those now coming in, it will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.067 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4305 June 20, 2018 
be the official strategy of the United States of America to incarcerate the children along with the parents. That is the plan. We have already gone down that path in the past. Experts have al-ready weighed in, saying that incarcer-ating children with their families— they may not be separated, but they are incarcerated. They can’t go to school. They can’t play on the play-ground. To continue this policy of de-terrence, that is another strategy of in-juring children. That is deeply, deeply disturbing, and it is profoundly unac-ceptable. We have done this before. We have put families together in prison camps. We did it in World War II. We took our Japanese-Americans, and we put them into prison camps. It was a profoundly disturbing chapter in our history. Now the President says that is his new plan—to put families together in prison camps. So, no, I am not happy that the President has ended the policy of fam-ily separation because he hasn’t ended the strategy of harming children. The fight must continue. The pressure must continue. The weighing in by religious group after religious group needs to continue. The legal challenges need to continue. The debate here on the floor of the Senate needs to continue. We cannot accept family prison camps here in the United States of America. I was struck by the fact that we had a program that was working pretty well. That program is called the Fam-ily Case Management Program. Here in my hand is the report from the Office of the Inspector General of Homeland Security. This is the inspector gen-eral’s analysis of the Family Case Man-agement Program to keep families to-gether and out of prison and to make sure they show up for their hearings, their asylum hearings. This report is from just a few months ago, November 30, 2017. For those who want to look it up on-line, just look up OIG—for Office of the Inspector General—-18–22. That is OIG– 18–22, and you will immediately see a copy of the inspector general’s report. It takes a look at this program, the Family Case Management Program, which addresses this challenge in a whole different way. Here is what it says, in summary: 
As of March 30, 2017, ICE reported that it expended $17.5 million in program costs to enroll 781 active participants in FCMP— 
the Family Case Management Pro-gram— 
across all five locations. According to ICE, overall program compliance for all five re-gions is an average of 99 percent for ICE check-ins and appointments, as well as 100 percent attendance at court hearings. 
It doesn’t get much better than 100 percent of people showing up for their court hearings. This didn’t require a family prison camp. This got 100 per-cent by treating people with respect and having a case manager who actu-ally spoke their language check in with them, making sure they had their cell number and their home number and knew where they were living, and mak-ing sure they knew the date and under-stood the importance of showing up both for their check-ins and appoint-ments and their court hearings. They didn’t have 80 percent show up for their court hearings; they didn’t get 60 or 40 percent. They got 100 per-cent. So there is no argument—no argu-ment—that you have to incarcerate people to have them show up for a hearing, and there is no morality in continuing to injure children in order to send a message of deterrence to peo-ple overseas. Then we have the plan, through all of this incarceration, to build prison camp after prison camp. We have a pic-ture of the tents. There are children in this new prison camp that is near El Paso, TX. They ran out of room. They ran out of room at Casa Padre. Casa Padre is a big former Walmart that was serving as a detention center for children—children who were unaccompanied minors and children who were separated from their parents. They said earlier this year that they had 300 children there, and in April they had 500 children there. When I went down there 2 weeks ago and stood outside that Walmart, trying to gain entry after having been denied a waiver to visit it with less than 2 weeks’ notice, I said that I had heard from refugee advocates that there were hundreds of kids behind those doors in Walmart—hundreds—and there might even be as many as 1,000 children be-hind those doors. Even as I said those words, I thought: That is not possible. It is not possible that 1,000 children are locked up in that Walmart. What did we find out 2 weeks later? A congressional delegation going down and getting a waiver to be able to visit—there weren’t 1,000 children there. There weren’t 1,100 children there, not 1,200, not 1,300, not 1,400. They had gotten a special adjustment to their permit to allow 1,500 children to be in that Walmart. There were 1,500 children sleeping, living, spending the day, apparently trying to go to class— 1,500 in this one building. They said they actually were at capacity. They said: We do have a few slots. But it was something like 1,467 kids. So maybe they had one busload that they could add. That is why the government is build-ing this tent city—for all the children they are detaining, for all the children they are ripping away from parents. Now the administration says: We will take these same tent cities, these same prison camps, only we will put whole families in there. By the way, for those children we see in this picture—the al-most 1,500 boys I saw at Casa Padre— they don’t get to be united with their families because Kenneth Wolfe, the head of the Administration for Chil-dren and Families, says that there will not be a grandfathering, meaning those kids are out of luck. For as long as their parents are incarcerated, they are out of luck. Now, a lot of parents were told: You are only going to go through a court proceeding. It will just take a day or two, and you will be united with your children. That, in many cases, is a lie. If they were asserting asylum, the ad-ministration has decided to keep the parents incarcerated until their asy-lum hearing which, at this point, could be many months into the future, some-times over 1 year into the future. There is one woman who said that she came here expecting to be able to assert her asylum claim. She didn’t know if it would be judged to breach the standard for asylum in the United States, if she would have enough evi-dence to demonstrate legitimate fear of return and that she had been per-secuted before she came. She didn’t know if she would meet those stand-ards, but she said: What I have learned is that my child has been shipped off. She actually said ‘‘children.’’ She had several children. She said: It may be that I will be in prison for a year. So I have two choices. One is to give up my asylum claim and be shipped home; the other is to be in prison for a year. She said: For my children’s sake, I will ask my sister to adopt my children. She was trying to find some decent way, with asylum blocked and threatened with a year in jail, just to get an asy-lum hearing. For those Members of the Senate who have family histories with people who have come from abroad—and I would say it does include every single Mem-ber of this Senate; I don’t think a sin-gle Member of this Senate is 100 per-cent Native American; so every Mem-ber here has a family history with all of these branches going out for genera-tions—imagine your grandfather, your great-grandfather, your great-great- grandmother, and what would have happened if they had arrived in the United States and they told them: You must leave your children aside and be in prison for a year, knowing what harm it will do to your children, and knowing that at the end of the year you might not be granted asylum any-way when you got that hearing. So let’s wrap this up. I believe that we must return to the vision of the Statue of Liberty. I believe that our Nation is a Nation that deeply reso-nates with the understanding that when those individuals flee persecu-tion—they flee persecution—they should be treated with respect and dig-nity when they arrive on the shores of the United States. We absolutely must not go to a fam-ily policy of incarceration. That is handcuffs for all, and it is completely unacceptable. We had, under family separation, handcuffs for the parents, and now the administration proposes handcuffs for all of the people and to put them in prison. This must not stand. We must resist it with every particle of our being and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.069 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4306 June 20, 2018 
return to treating those who flee perse-cution with graciousness and fairness and dignity. Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:45 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:45 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 8:45 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, June 21, 2018, at 9:45 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
DINO FALASCHETTI, OF MONTANA, TO BE DIRECTOR, OFFICE OF FINANCIAL RESEARCH, DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY, FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE RICHARD B. BERNER, RESIGNED. 
NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION  
RODNEY HOOD, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING AUGUST 2, 2023, VICE RICH-ARD T. METSGER, TERM EXPIRED. 
BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION  
KATHLEEN LAURA KRANINGER, OF OHIO, TO BE DIREC-TOR, BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE RICHARD CORDRAY, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
JOHN FLEMING, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT, VICE ROY K. J. WILLIAMS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
MICHAEL A. HAMMER, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF THE CONGO. 
MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD  
JULIA AKINS CLARK, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION BOARD FOR THE TERM OF SEVEN YEARS EXPIRING MARCH 1, 2021, VICE ANNE MARIE WAGNER, TERM EXPIRED. 
FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
PETER GAYNOR, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE DEPUTY AD-MINISTRATOR, FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE JOSEPH L. NIMMICH. 
EXPORT –IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
KIMBERLY A. REED, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE PRESI-DENT OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2021, VICE FRED P. HOCHBERG, RESIGNED. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
MARK MONTGOMERY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE R. DAVID HARDEN. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
ROBERT L. WILKIE, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, VICE DAVID J. SHULKIN. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. MARK D. KELLY THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TIMOTHY J. MADDEN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JEFFREY L. HARRIGIAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. CHRISTOPHER P. WEGGEMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS A. BUSSIERE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. KENNETH S. WILSBACH 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STEPHEN M. TWITTY 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS ASSISTANT COMMANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS, AND FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5044: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. GARY L. THOMAS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be major 
SAMUEL B. ALBAHARI RICCARDO C. PAGGETT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JOHNMARK R. ARDIENTE NATHAN A. GUNTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
RYAN J. BERGLIN JEREMY O. JACOBSON JAMES A. NARDELLI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be major 
DAVID L. BURRIER WILLIAM T. CIGICH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JOSHUA V. ARNDT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CHRISTOPHER Z. FARRINGTON DAVID J. GRISDALE BRYAN Z. LIPE ANDREW J. MCKINLEY MONICA I. RIVERA RANDY J. SHED MICHAEL P. THOMAS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
RODERICK W. SUMPTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
DANIEL TORRES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant colonel 
MICHAEL P. ANTECKI, JR. MICHAEL L. ARNER MICHAEL B. AVENICK PETER C. BAKKE BRIAN A. BEAM RAYMOND W. BLAINE CLAYTON D. BOWERS JAMES D. BROWNE, JR. JAMES A. DAHL KIRK J. DANIELS MATTHEW B. DAVIS ADAM J. DYKSTRA ROBERT P. FARRELL DAVID A. FELDNER CARL L. FRIEDRICHS ALEXANDRA L. HOBBS JUSTIN M. HORGAN THOMAS M. LACY MATTHEW C. LINDSEY LECARL B. LOCKLEY JUSTINO LOPEZ MARLON T. MALLORY SCOTT W. MCCARTHY COREY G. MCCOY SHEILA MEDEIROS BETTY P. MYRTHIL RYAN M. NACIN PHILIP L. NESNADNY TAMISHA R. NORRIS SEAN M. OHALLORAN BENJAMIN L. QUIMBY JONATHAN S. RITTENBERG JASON R. SABOVICH TIMOTHY J. SIKORA RYAN G. TATE JAMES N. TURNER TIMOTHY P. UNGARO ZACHARY R. VOGT JASON WATERS MARK M. YEARY SAMUEL S. YI D014175 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
LISA M. ABEL ELLIOTT ACEVEDO KENDALL P. ADAMS ROMAINE M. AGUON DAVID G. ALEXANDER JAMES P. ALLEN JASON A. ALLEN JORGE ALMODOVAR DOMINIC L. AMANTIAD MATTHEW T. AMSDELL JARMARLE O. ARNOLD KATIA S. AROSEMENA SAUL A. ARROYO FIDEL ARVELO BRIAN H. ASTWOOD DANIEL J. AZZONE ERIC J. BANKS MARK E. BEERBOWER SEAN M. BELL WILLIAM R. BENNETT KEVIN R. BENTZ DAVONNE L. BIVINS FORREST L. BLACK LISA D. BLACK NIKKI M. BLYSTONE JASON P. BOOK BRYAN J. BOYEA SIDNEY N. BRADDY FELICHIA S. BROOKS JAMARCUS A. BROOKS CHRISTOPHER A. BROWN DREWRY L. BROWN ROBERT M. BROWN JEFFREY W. BUCKNER GREGORY A. BUTLER PAUL E. CACCIA TOMAS F. CAMPBELL ANGEL M. CARDENAS CHRISTOPHER L. CARTER RIAN M. CARTER THOMAS A. CARVER STEPHEN C. CHENG SHAWN M. CHUQUINN HWAJIN CLARK MARK J. CLEARY JAY C. COATS HUGH H. COLEMAN III MARSHALL E. COOPER BARBARA P. COOTE MARWIN Z. CORTES CHARLES H. COSTELLO BRANDY M. CULP ISAAC V. CUTHBERTSON SHAWN O. DANIEL ROSA V. DELAGARZA RUDY L. DELAROSA ERICH O. DELAVEGA AMALIO DELEON, JR. JONATHAN L. DELOACH KARLETON M. DEMPSEY SUSAN M. DEPIESSTYER JOAQUIN H. DEQUINTANAROO MAYRA I. DIAZ JOHN R. DICKENS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G20JN6.070 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4307 June 20, 2018 
STANLEY L. DIEHL II MICHAEL P. DIETZ CHARLES M. DIGGS KATARINA DLUGOSZ LEE W. DOGGETT SEAN P. DONOVAN HEATHER D. DORAN ROBERT B. DOSPOY DAMIAN E. DOUGLAS CORBY R. DUNCAN DAVID A. DYKEMA THERESA A. ECHEVARRIA MARLON U. ELBELAU JOEEN FIGUEROARODRIGUEZ DAVID P. FLEMING GUSTAVO FLORES SARAH L. FORSTER JACKEY L. FORTENBERRY ALAN R. FOWLER SAMANTHA J. FRAZIER RICARDO FREGOSO DANIEL M. GALLOWAY HANEDA L. GARNER COURTNEY J. GARY DANIEL S. GONZALES FERMIN GONZALES, JR. SEAN M. GREEN KARIN R. GRESHAM JOHN G. GUBITOSI ANGELA L. HABINA JEFFREY P. HALLADAY VINITA E. HAMBRICKBROWN DAVID J. HANKINS TODD A. HANZES ARON T. HAUQUITZ ROBERT J. HEATHERLY LARRY W. HESLOP BRANDON J. HILL JOHN P. HOLCOMBE MICHAEL D. HOPKINS MELISSA A. HORVATH KERRY M. HOUCK SHEILA L. HOWELL STEVEN E. HUBER BRADLEY W. HUDSON SONIA I. HUERTAS JAMES T. IANITELLI BRENT R. IRISH ONWE R. IVORY INA S. JACKSON MARTY L. JACKSON HARLEY P. JENNINGS JEFFREY L. JENNINGS ALICIA J. JOHNSON JAMES S. JOHNSON JOSHUA M. JOHNSON TROY S. JOHNSON ANDREW R. JOHNSTON TYRONE JONES, JR. ROBERT F. JORDAN LEAH M. KENFIELD BRIAN B. KIBITLEWSKI JASON M. KNAPP ANDREW J. KOCSIS TERRANCE L. KRATZ III JAMES E. KYLE NAIM R. LEE CALEB A. LEWIS KEVIN M. LINZEY JONATHAN D. LIPSCOMB CHRISTINA L. LOGAN OYYIF K. LOGAN MICHAEL T. LONG JOSEPH L. LUCHETTA KARL H. LUDEMAN JENNIFER A. LUDWICK BETH L. LUTHER HUNG T. LY PATRICK T. LYONS RACHELLE M. MACON JASON S. MALONE CHARLES C. MANNING CHARLES L. J. MARKLEY DAVID MARSHALL, JR. DEDRICK J. MARSHALL GREGORIO MARTINEZCHAVEZ ZORAIDA I. MATHER JOSHUA W. MATTHEWS BRADLEY M. MAY JOSEPH J. MCCARTHY JOHN F. MCGEE JAMES S. MCKENZIE SCOTT P. MCLENDON MATTHEW T. MCMANNES CARPER H. MCMILLAN MICHAEL S. MCVAY JOSE A. MEDINA ERIC MENDOZA KEVIN H. MENSING KEVIN L. MERCER CARLOS J. MERINO DEMOND J. MERRICK MATTHEW D. MEYER MICHAEL A. MIGNANO REBECCA A. MILKOWSKI JAMES R. MILLER KARMA A. MILLER MICHAEL J. MILLER ROY N. MILLER STEPHEN E. MILLER JERRY D. MOIZE BERNARD K. MONROE ADAM B. MOODIE LILIU P. MOODY TIMOTHY S. MOON KERRY J. MOTES PARKER S. MOYE WILLIAM R. MULKEY TROYJOHN C. NAPUTI PHUONG H. NGUYEN VINH B. NGUYEN KATHRYN M. NILSEN KELLY M. NOCKS BRENT A. ODOM AKANINYENE A. OKON AYOKUNLE O. OLADIPOFANIYI CARLOS C. OQUENDO CHRISTOPHER T. ORLOWSKI RICARDO ORTIZROSARIO MICHAEL L. OSMON JOHN P. OSULLIVAN JOSHUA PANEK ERIC J. PARTIN MICHAEL C. PAVLISAK JAMIE C. PEER JESUS A. PENA LEONEL A. PENA ERNESTO PEREZ JESSICA R. PERRITTE DAVID N. PETERS EDWARD R. PHELPS, JR. ADRIENNE M. PREM GARY L. PRICE ALBERT A. PRIDE BRIAN L. PURDY JENNIFER E. RATAJESAK PHILIP S. RAUMBERGER TORRIONNE RECHE RICHARD I. REEVES II CESARIO J. RENDON PAUL R. C. REYES HASSAN K. REYNOLDS CHRISTOPHER M. RICHARDSON JANINE A. ROBINSONTURNER CARMEN J. ROSADO PEDRO J. ROSARIO JOHN M. ROY EDWARD R. RUNYAN JEROME RUSSELL, JR. CHADRICK M. RYG MAXIMO A. SANCHEZGERENA PAUL F. SANTAMARIA EDGAR O. SANTANA TOSHIHIDE SASAKI AMELIA H. SCHULZ CHARLES M. SEABERRY JOHN D. SEITZ MAX V. SELF SCOTT L. SHAFFER SCOTT D. SHANNON JONATHAN I. SHARK ALEX B. SHIMABUKURO JAMISON R. SMITH STEVE C. SMITH THOMAS C. SMITH TEX W. SOTO CHERYL N. SPARKS BENJAMIN A. STEADMAN ALAN L. STEPHENS CHRISTOPHER R. STEWART TODD F. STULL JONATHAN M. SWAN DELARIUS V. TARLTON AARON C. TELLER KRALYN R. THOMAS, JR. MICHAEL E. THOMAS SHANNON N. THOMPSON LASHANDA M. THORNTON TONY L. THORNTON SOON M. TOGIOLA MARYGRACE P. TOMOMITSU RICKEY J. TORRES CHRISTOPHER M. TRAMONTANA BRIAN M. TRAVIS JAY S. VANDENBOS JOSHUA M. WALTER DAVID D. WALTERS OLIN L. WALTERS DOUGLAS R. WARREN, JR. MICHAEL C. WATSON CHAD B. WATTS HEATH R. WEAVER WILLIAM G. WEAVER MARCUS J. WHITE KEMAU A. WHITTINGTON ALLIN L. WHITTLE II GREGORY W. WILEY OLRIC R. WILKINS II ADAM C. WILLCOXON LISBON J. WILLIAMS, JR. JEFFREY L. WITHERSPOON EDWARD K. WOO SIMEON J. WOOD CHRISTOPHER C. WURST TRACI J. B. YAMADA TRACY L. YATES RAYMOND K. YU SARAH K. YUN JOSEPH C. ZABALDANO CODY L. ZACH D011081 D012500 D012612 D013025 D013276 D014169 D014651 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DREW Q. ABELL CHRISTINA R. ACOJEDO JONATHAN M. ADAMS ROBERT N. ADAMS GREGORY J. ADY KWADWO AGYEIAYE SABRE M. AJYEMAN JARED J. ALBRIGHT MICHAEL A. ALLARD DEAN P. ALLEN JASON E. ALLEN NATHANIEL A. ALLEN IVAN M. ALVARADO ALFRED C. ANDERSON, JR. STEPHEN C. ANG ROMAE M. ARAUD JIMMY ARCHANGE JOSE A. ARIAS MICHAEL E. ASTIN JARED D. AUCHEY BRIAN C. BABCOCKLUMISH MILES A. BAKER ERIC A. BALOUGH JAY T. BAO CHARLES V. BARRETT ROBERT A. BARRY CLIFTON D. BASS JOHN A. BAUMANN ERIKA P. BEAM JONATHAN H. BECKMANN ERHAN BEDESTANI JASON M. BELKNAP STEVEN R. BELTZ TIMOTHY M. BENNETT PHILIP R. BERRY II BRIAN L. BERTHELOTTE MAYA C. BEST TIMOTHY N. BIBLE JONATHAN E. BISSELL KEVIN E. BLAINE WILSON C. BLYTHE, JR. BENJAMIN C. BOEKESTEIN ELIZABETH A. BOITANO JOEL M. BORKERT CRAIG M. BOUCHER ZAHI K. BOURJEILI CHRISTOPHER O. BOWERS SONYA A. BOWMAN DAVID H. BRADLEY BRADFORD M. BRANNON JASON C. BRAY LENNY T. BRAZZLE JAMES L. BREDEMAN JEFFREY J. BRIZEK STEWART N. BROWN JOHN M. BRUGGINK CARRIE A. BRUNNER DANIEL J. BURKHART MICHAEL J. BURNS PHILIP M. CALA KEITH J. CALDWELL EBONY CALHOUN ROBERT H. CALLAHAN JOSHUA P. CAMARA MATTHEW J. CAMEL KYLE I. CAMPBELL THOMAS G. CAMPBELL III GABRIEL CAMPUZANO JASON E. CANNON ROBERT J. CARPENA ANDREW M. CARRIGAN ROGER A. CARVAJAL LEE J. CASTANA JERROLD D. CASTRO MATTHEW L. CAVANAUGH ROBERT P. CHAMBERLAIN ANDRUS W. CHANEY JAMES T. CHASE SAPRIYA CHILDS JASON J. CHOI KIP M. CHOJNACKI ANTHONY W. CLARK ERIC A. COLLINS JAMES B. COLLINS JENNIFER G. COLLINS CHRISTOPHER A. CONNOR NOAH B. COOPER SETH T. COTTRELL DENNIS A. COX MATTHEW A. CRAWFORD STEVEN R. CREWS CATHERINE B. CROMBE JAMES A. CRUMP RIVERA E. CRUZ LUIS S. CRUZRAMOS SHAWN P. DALRYMPLE JASON W. DAVENPORT EVERETTA J. DAVIS ROGER S. DAVIS CHRISTOPHER P. DEAN ALICIA R. DEASE TRISTAN P. DEBORD ANDREW W. DECKER WENDY K. DEDMOND PARSANA DEOKI CHRISTOPHER M. DICKINSON DAVID DILLY CHARLES R. DIXON RYAN M. DONALD NICHOLE L. DOWNS ERIN T. DOYLE CHRISTINA L. DUGAN NICKOLAS A. DUNCAN WILLIAM R. DUNCAN TIMOTHY J. EASTMAN NESTOR J. ECHEVERRIA GREGORY C. EDGREEN MATTHEW H. ELLETT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.012 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4308 June 20, 2018 
PATRICK R. ELLIOTT JOEL P. ELLISON CARMEN V. ELSTON JOEL G. ELSTON PETRUS J. ENGELBRECHT JAIME A. ESPEJO MARCUS T. EVANS JORDON T. EWERS ISAAC J. FABER MATHEW A. FEEHAN JOHN J. FELBER GARRET D. FETT EDWARD A. FIGUEROA CHRISTOPHER J. FINNIGAN MICHAEL FLEISCHMANN ANGEL FLORES DUANE G. FOOTE ANDREW J. FORNEY JORDAN M. FRANCIS JABULANI H. FULLER MICHAEL M. GACHERU JOSEPH GAINEY ELLIS GALES, JR. VIJAY M. GALLARDO COREY D. GAMBLE MICHAEL D. GAMBONE JASON L. GARNEAU JONATHAN A. GENDRON PETE J. GODBEY SHAWN GOLDWIRE VICTOR J. GONZALEZORTIZ CHRISTOPHER D. GOODRICH ELLIS Z. GORDON GEORGE C. GREANIAS MATTHEW A. GREB VERNON D. GREER NICHOLAS E. GREGOIRE ROBERT T. GREINER ADAM C. GROW JOSE R. GUANDIQUE JAMES W. HALE CARTER J. HALFMAN VALIANT A. HALLER KURTIS S. HANSON TODD J. HARKRADER AUDRICIA M. HARRIS GLENROY HASKINS AMANDA J. HATCH DORIS J. HAYNES MATTHEW B. HAYNES DARTANION J. HAYWARD JACQUELINE L. HEARNE ANDREW H. HENDERSON SHANNA M. HENDRIX BRIAN HOLLOWAY STACY M. HOPWOOD MATTHEW J. HORTON JARED T. HOWARD ANDREW P. HUBBARD MARGARET D. HUGHES DAVID J. HUMPHREYS DAMON M. HUNT CALVIN K. HUTTO RYAN T. IRWIN JOSH T. W. JACQUES VICTOR A. JAFFETT CHRISTOPHER C. JOHNES ANDRE E. JONES KENTON E. JUSTICE GEORGE S. KAFER JUAN C. S. KAPLAN TARL E. KAROLESKI GARRETT J. KAYE GRACE K. KELLY EVELYN M. KEMPE JOHN A. KENDALL JASON P. KENDZIERSKI LOGAN J. KERSCHNER CHRISTOPHER E. KETZ ASFANDYAR KHAN DANIEL K. KILGORE MATHSTO KINGSADA CHRISTOPHER R. KLIEWER KEVIN M. KNOWLEN MATTHEW A. KOHLER JEFFRY T. KOONTZ JEFFREY J. KORNBLUTH RYAN W. KORT MICHAEL A. KOTICH KIP E. KOWALSKI SUNNY C. S. KUEHL ALFREDA A. LACEY ADDISON F. LADIERO CHARLENE A. LAMOUNTAIN NICHOLAS A. LANE MARIA M. LANFOR ERIK R. LARSEN LAWRENCE R. LEE KRISTIAN K. LEIBFARTH JAMES A. LEIDENBERG JOHNATHAN L. LEMING STEVEN E. LEWENTOWICZ TYRONE A. L. LEWIS TILISHA C. LOCKLEY RYAN W. LOOMIS JOHN W. LORD ANDREW E. LOVEJOY DEREK K. LOVELAND MELVIN E. LOWE JASON O. LUCKEY PHILIP X. LUU AUSTIN C. LY ANDREW T. MAAS SEAN M. MADDEN BARRY L. MADETZKE JOSEPH E. MALONE HOLLY Y. G. MANESS BRITT T. MANOR TRAVIS J. MAPLES FEDERICO MARTINEZ II WILLIAM P. MASON GERALD A. MATHIS MITCHELL A. MCCANN MICHAEL G. MCCLURE MICHAEL K. MCCOY KAROLYN M. MCEWEN JEREMY A. MCHUGH GABRIELLA M. MCKINNEY THOMAS P. MCQUARY KEVIN A. MCQUEARY ROBERT C. MCVAY EVA M. MILLARE DEWEY M. MILLER JACOB M. MORANO JOHN F. MORRIS BRENDAN P. MURPHY FRANCIS X. MURPHY CASEY L. C. NAPUTI JEFFREY M. NICHOLSON WALLACE C. NICHOLSON GLIDDEN NIEVES JENNIFER L. NIHILL OLIVIA J. NUNN ROBIN L. OCHOA KATHERINE M. OGLETREE AMOS Y. OH ERIK W. OLSEN MARCUS D. ONEAL CHRISTOPHER D. OPHARDT KATHERINE R. OPIE FERGAL J. OREILLY RYAN C. OREILLY JOHN V. OTTE DETRICK L. OUSBY ROBERT B. PADGETT CARMEN A. PAGLIO JEFFREY T. PAINTER ROBERT C. PARMENTER ERIC L. PARTRIDGE SCOTT A. PATTON KATHRYN K. PEGUES AHLON K. PEOPLES ANDREW V. PESATURE NATHANAEL W. PETERSON TOBIAS S. PETROS JOSIAH D. PICKETT ANGELIQUE A. PIFER DEREK K. PING CHRISTOPHER D. PISKAI DARIEN M. PITTS SCOTT C. POLASEK MAYDELINE G. PORTILLO THOMAS S. POWELL DONALD E. PRATT ANDREW S. PRUETT MANOJ T. PUTHENPARAMPIL GRETCHEN M. RADKE DONALD L. RAINES CHRISTOPHER L. RAPP ZACHARY A. REED ROBERT G. RHODES KENNETH C. RICH MARY A. RICKS NATHAN A. RIEDEL JOHN A. RIZZUTO JEREMY S. ROCKWELL JOHN P. RODER JOSHUA L. RODRIGUEZ MICHAEL G. ROE WALLACE A. ROHRER JOHN M. ROSE DOUGLAS J. ROSS JIMMY M. ROSS MATTHEW H. RUFF GILBERTO RUIZ SHAWN P. RUSSELL ROBERTREL A. SACHI ANTONIO SALAZAR, JR. SCOTT A. SALMON LIZETTE SANABRIAGRAJALES EDDIE N. SANCHEZ CRAIG A. SANDERS SELMER C. SANTOS JEREMY L. SAUER FRANCIS X. SCHAFER ROSS T. SCHEINBAUM MATTHEW J. SCHLOSSER NATHAN L. SCHMUTZ CORY N. SCOTT RYAN C. SHEERAN KRISTEN M. SHIFRIN MATTHEW D. SHIRLEY E. R. SHISLER MATTHEW R. SHOWN CASEY D. SHUFF DAVID F. SIDMAN CHARLIE SILVA SILVINO S. SILVINO DHRAMEN P. SINGH JASON A. SLUTSKY ELLIS H. SMITH II JOSEPH B. SMITH KEMIELLE D. SMITH ROBERT L. SMITH SCOTT J. SMITH TROY D. SMITH RICKY SNELL ROBERT G. SNYDER ANDREA R. SO FRANCIS X. SPERL III ADAM C. SPRINGER DANIEL J. SQUYRES LAURA E. STANLEY JAMES K. STARLING JONATHAN J. STEIGLER JEFFREY A. STEINLAGE JAY D. STERRETT III ANDREW P. STRINGER GABRIEL M. SUAREZ ROBERT R. SUDO NELSON P. SUNWOO DAMIAN R. TAAFEMCMENAMY JOHN W. TAGGART JAMES C. TETERS II TRAVIS R. THEBEAU MICHAEL J. THOMAS EDWARD T. THOMPSON II SPENCER T. TIMMONS ROBERT H. TOPPER, JR. KEVIN J. TOTH MELISSA TOVAR BRADLEY R. TOWNSEND KIRILL A. TSEKANOVSKIY JOHN D. TURNER JAMES R. ULL MATTHEW P. UPPERMAN MARK B. VANGELDER TAMARA B. VANHOOSEPALL MARK E. VANHORN BRANDON L. VANORDEN ALEX VERSHININ AARON T. VEVASIS AMANDA M. VIOLETTE WILLIAM H. WAGGY II RUSSELL W. WALTER MALLORY A. WAMPLER BRIAN A. WARD ALEXANDER E. WARING RYAN C. WATERS JOHN M. WEATHERLY SOLON D. WEBB KEVIN J. WEBER MATTHEW T. WEHRI CHRISTOPHER P. WELSH CREYONTA N. WEST MICKEY M. WEST DONALD S. WHIFFEN III JOSEPH S. WIER JERIMIAH A. WILDERMUTH DOMINICK J. WILKINSON DUANE M. WILLIAMS EUGENE U. WILLIAMS DERECK K. WILSON JASON S. WIMBERLY MICHAEL M. WINN ADAM M. WINOGRAD STEVEN W. WOJDAKOWSKI JASON C. WOOD TIMOTHY J. WYANT JOHN C. YUNGBLUTH III D006024 D010469 D010957 D012294 D012600 D012640 D012795 D012868 D013215 D013311 D013449 D014179 D014294 D014340 D014585 G001131 G001231 G010122 G010139 G010141 G010177 G010242 G010271 G010354 G010393 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ELI S. ADAMS JERROD C. ADAMS JASON N. ADLER MATT M. ALDRICH ERIC B. ALEXANDER MARVIN ANDERSON BRETT E. ANDRINGA RENATO E. ANGELES UZOMA U. ANINIBA DANIEL A. ANTOLOS ADAM D. ANTONINI SYLVIA D. APONTE NEIL G. ARMSTRONG BEAU J. ASHLEY ANDREW P. ASWELL RYAN S. ATKINS PETER M. ATKINSON SCOTTY M. AUTIN DARBY L. AVILES MATTHEW P. BAIDEME JOHN M. BAKER JAMES D. BALLARD KENTON R. BARBER BRETT N. BARDO CORNELIUS A. BATTS JOSHUA A. BAUER ROBERT K. BEALE SAMANTHA R. BEBB JOSEPH C. BELL RICHARD R. BELL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.013 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4309 June 20, 2018 
BRET M. BEMIS CHRISTOPHER E. BERGE BARBARA A. BERNINGER JOSHUA M. BETTY NICHOLAS J. BILOTTA DOMINIC D. BLACK DUSTIN A. BLAIR JARROD R. BLAISDELL KWAME O. BOATENG ADAM R. BOCK GEORGE E. BOLTON, JR. BRYAN J. BONNEMA JOSHUA S. BOWES VANESSA R. BOWMAN JOHN B. BRADLEY ADAM R. BRADY JAMES E. BRANT JEFFREY O. BREWSTER DEXTER E. BRICKEN CHARLES J. BROWN LARRY G. BROWN, JR. MARK L. BROWN, JR. TERRY L. BROWN ANTHONY H. BRUNNER MICHAEL E. BRYANT MARK E. BUSH PHILLIP B. CAIN MICHAEL CALDERON DAMION M. CALVERT DANIEL G. CAMPBELL, SR. DEREK W. CAMPBELL JOHN W. CAMPBELL MATTHEW C. CAPRARI MATTHEW C. CARLSEN SEAN T. CARMODY CHRISTOPHER L. CARPENTER CHRISTIAN A. CARR ALLAN B. CARROLL CHRISTOPHER J. CARTER PATRICK W. CAUKIN WALTER S. CHALKLEY MATTHEW J. CHAMBLESS DAVID A. CHARBONNEAU MATTHEW B. CHASE WILLIAM B. CHASTAIN RICHARD T. CHILDERS BRADY R. CLARK JAMES D. CLAY JESSIE R. COLLINS NATHAN M. COLVIN BRADLEY T. COMRIE CHRISTIAN G. COOK DENNIS A. COOK ROBERT L. CORNELIUS, JR. FRANCISCO A. CORTEZ III CRAIG S. COTNER MICHAEL J. COTOVSKY ADA L. COTTO ANTHONY B. COULTER SAMUEL V. COWART YANSON T. COX TIMOTHY A. CRANE JAMES L. CRENSHAW PETER CRUZ RYAN A. CRYER FREDERICK M. CUMMINGS JODY J. DAIGLE JOSHUA P. DAILEY DAVID W. DAKE BRIDGET E. DALZIEL RANJINI T. DANARAJ JUSTIN E. DAUBERT ERIK A. DAVIS JOHN R. DAVIS, JR. LARINZOL A. DAVIS RYAN M. DAVIS NICOLE E. DEAN PATRICK M. DEFOREST DOMINIC P. DEFRANCISCO CHRISTOPHER R. DERUYTER JOHN A. DILLS JOHN R. DIXON MICHAEL D. DO GERARDO F. DOMINGUEZ SEAN T. DUBLIN SCOTT W. DUNKLE DAVID M. DURANTE MICHAEL G. DVORAK KEVIN M. EASTER RICHARD E. EATON JOSHUA E. EGGAR RYAN L. EISENHAUER MYCHAJLO I. ELIASZEWSKYJ SHARON ENGELMEIER DONALD B. ERICKSON MICHAEL E. ERLANDSON ROBERT L. EYMAN JEFFREY R. FARMER JON B. FAUSNAUGH SCOTT M. FERRIS MARK N. FINNEGAN BRIAN D. FISHER THOMAS C. FISHER CARLOS D. B. FLYNN PATRICK I. FLYNN MICHAEL B. FOGARTY ANTHONY L. FORSHIER CHRISTOPHER E. FOWLER STEPHEN S. FOX NICHOLAS C. FRANKLIN MELANIE L. T. FUATA ROBERT K. FURTICK CAMERON G. GALLAGHER JASON C. GALLARDO TIMOTHY R. GARLAND CHRISTOPHER S. GEMMER DEMETRIOS A. GHIKAS CRAIG A. GIANCATERINO ROBERT M. M. GICHERT JEFFREY L. GILTZOW JEREMIAH A. GIPSON DARREN C. GLENN JOSHUA G. GLONEK PAUL D. GODSON JESSICA D. GOFFENA JONNY GONZALEZ MICHAEL H. GOURGUES PAUL J. GOYNE EDWARD B. GRAHAM CORNELIUS O. GRANAI IV JOSEPH GREEN, JR. RICHARD W. GREENWOOD DANIEL A. GREGORY ERIC J. GUST KEVIN L. HADLEY ERIN D. HADLOCK RYAN P. HANRAHAN CORRIE A. HANSON BRIAN C. HARBER SHAWN P. HARKINS ROBERT B. HARLESS ERIC S. HARRISON JOSEPH M. HARRISON RICHARD W. HARTFELDER BRADLEY C. HAYES JOSEPH D. HEATON PAUL F. HENDERSON, JR. ADAM D. HEPPE TODD R. HERTLING WALTER L. HICKS TERRENCE I. HIGGINS GRANT H. HILL JAMES R. HOCK JIM R. HODSON DANIEL J. HOEPRICH MATTHEW J. HOFMEISTER DARRELL P. HOLDEN JOSEPH P. HOLLAND JONATHAN T. HOLM JEREMY B. HOLMAN STEVEN C. HOLMBERG NICHOLAS C. HOLTEN DANIEL J. HORST BRIAN R. HORVATH SIDNEY D. HOWARD III RICHARD E. HULL DANIEL E. HURD JUSTIN P. HURT CHRISTOPHER M. INGENLOFF MATTHEW J. INGLIS BENJAMIN E. JACKMAN LACREDERICK R. JACKSON PRESTON JACKSON RAHSAAN H. JACKSON SAMUEL A. JACKSON III ERIC G. JAMES REGINALD A. JAMO GREGORY A. JENEMANN BENJAMIN D. JOHNSON GEORGE H. JOHNSON III JAMES O. JOHNSON KIMBERLY D. JOHNSON MICHAEL A. JOHNSON STANLEY B. JOHNSON JOSHUA W. JOPLING JEREMY L. KACZOR PATRICK H. KAINE CHRISTOPHER R. KANE JOEL R. KASSULKE PATRICIA N. KAST SCOTT M. KATALENICH PETER J. KATZFEY BENJAMIN E. KAVANAGH STEVEN L. KEIL MATTHEW R. KELLEY RYAN G. KELLY JOHN A. KERIN JAMES K. KERNS SIMON Y. KIM JOHN R. KIRCHGESSNER THOMAS J. KITSON CHRISTIAN D. KNUTZEN MICHAEL L. KOLODZIE ANDREW J. KULAS JODIE L. KUNKEL MICHAEL W. KURTICH JOSHUA A. LADD THOMAS E. LAMB CALEB G. LANDRY RALPH E. LAUER III ALEXANDER B. LAZATIN JOHN D. LEITNER KEVIN R. LEWIS DAVID D. LITTLE DENISE R. LITTLE ANGEL M. LLOMPARTMONGE CLEMENT D. LOCHNER BRIAN T. LOONEY RICHMOND R. LUCE MICHAEL A. LUECKEMAN REVEROL A. E. LUGO VICTOR L. LUNDERMAN TIMOTHY B. LYNCH MITCHELL D. MABARDY PHILLIP D. MADSEN MATTHEW D. MAGENNIS MICHAEL L. MAGILL MATTHEW L. MAKARYK CHRIS B. MANGLICMOT RICHARD MANSIR TODD B. MARABLE MICHAEL A. MARCHETTI MATTHEW D. MARFONGELLI WILLIAM D. MARSHALL MICHAEL R. MARTIN LUIS D. MARTINEZ MATTHEW C. MASON ANTHONY D. MASSARI FRANK F. MAXWELL CARRICK E. MCCARTHY JOSEPH A. MCCARTHY RANDY L. MCCLENDON KEVIN MCCORMICK KIRSTEN S. MCFARLAND HEATHER R. MCGRATH SCOTT A. MCGRATH PAUL M. MCMANUS ROBERT M. MCTIGHE ERNEST D. MEADOWS RAUL M. MEDRANO ERIC MEGERDOOMIAN LUKE E. MERCIER VIRAK A. METCALF SAMUEL A. MEYER RINGO L. MIDLES MICHAEL J. MILAS NICHOLAS D. MILKOVICH MATTHEW R. MINEAR NATHAN N. MINOTT ROBERT C. MISKE CHRISTOPHER A. MOLINO MATTHEW M. MOLLY JASON M. MONCUSE RICHARD A. MONTCALM, JR. PAUL J. MORIARTY CHRISTOPHER V. MORO DANIEL C. MORRIS JOHN L. MORROW JACOB K. MOULIN TIMOTHY J. MURPHY DERRICK D. MURRAY DAVID NASH DAVID J. NELSON MICHAEL S. NELSON SAMUEL J. NIRENBERG HANY S. NOUREDDINE MICHAEL W. ODONNELL ETHAN A. OLBERDING TYLER B. OLIVER ABRAHAM N. OSBORN JASON B. PALERMO EUGENE W. PALKA BRIAN D. PANARO DALE A. PAPKA ANTHONY W. PARKER JAMES R. PASCOE JEFFREY L. PAULUS MICHAEL S. PENN ANDREA M. PETERS DERRICK A. PETERS TRUC T. PHAM ANTONIO M. PITTMAN TODD L. POINDEXTER ADAM F. POOLEY DONALD R. PORTER, JR. SIMON J. POWELSON JOSHUA S. POWERS MATTHEW R. PRESCOTT JUSTIN M. PRITCHARD RYAN N. PROPST RYAN J. PURSEL PATRICIA R. QUIGLEY MATTHEW F. QUINN ROBERT P. QUINT, JR. RENEE E. RAMSEY ROSEMARY M. REED WALTER A. REED IV RYAN T. REICHERT DUKE W. REIM JOSE A. REYES MARLON S. RINGO REINALDO RIVERA CORY L. ROBERTS KELVIN N. ROBINSON KENDALL A. ROBINSON NICHOLAS D. RYAN MATTHEW C. SACRA VICTOR S. SALYER BRIAN A. SANSOM MICHAEL A. SARRO EDWARD B. SAUTER DANA L. SAVAGE PETER V. SCHMITT CHRISTOPHER J. SCOTT RYAN J. SCOTT THOMAS J. SEARS KENNETH P. SELBY JOEL C. SEPPALA MICHAEL W. SERVER HOUSTON B. SHEETS JASON M. SHICK LAURA E. SHIPLET LEAH C. SHUBIN BENJAMIN L. SHUMAKER KEVIN W. SIEGRIST JOSEPH E. SIMS JOSEPH M. SINCERE NICHOLAS C. SINCLAIR ARCHIE L. SMITH MATTHEW J. SMITH JASON S. SNELGROVE DANIEL P. SNOW JAMES M. SNOWDEN STACY R. SOUTTER MICHAEL V. SOYKA COLE A. SPITZACK LLOYD E. SPORLUCK JAMES T. STARTZELL SCOTT D. STEELE KRISTIN E. STEINBRECHER PATRICK M. V. STEVENS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.015 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4310 June 20, 2018 
VAUGHN D. STRONG, JR. DANIEL R. STUEWE JOSEPH D. SWINNEY MARVIN E. SWITZER, JR. NICHOLAS R. TALBOT JASON M. TAYLOR JOSHUA D. TEITGE CHRISTOPHER D. TERRILL HANS J. THOMAS MARLON A. THOMAS RUSSELL B. THOMAS, SR. JOHN D. THOMASON ANTHONY R. THOMPSON MICHAEL R. THOMPSON NICHOLAS R. THOMPSON ROBERT L. THOMSON BRANDON E. THRASHER DANIEL S. THRELKELD JOHN C. TISSERAND WENDY R. TOKACH TODD M. TOMPKINS KEVIN E. TOMS BENJAMIN L. TORPY JEREMY W. TRENTHAM MICHAEL J. TRUJILLO CURTIS J. UNGER ROBERT L. VANAUKEN MATTHEW R. VANGILDER JAMES S. VCHULEK II ADRIAN VILLA ISRAEL VILLARREAL, JR. JASON T. VINCENT JAMES W. WADE DAMON T. WAGNER CHRISTOPHER E. WALSH ROGER A. WANG, JR. DANIEL J. WARD ELIJAH M. WARD STEPHEN P. WARD PHILLIP S. WARREN JASON B. WASHBURN ELIZABETH A. WEAVER DAVID A. WEBB BRIAN H. WEIGHTMAN ALEXANDRE E. WEIS KEVIN G. WERRY, JR. HARRY B. WHITE JACOB E. WHITE WILLIAM G. WHITE BRYAN S. WHITTIER DAVID G. WILLIAMS EDWARD E. WILLIAMS KEITH R. WILLIAMS WESTON T. WILLIAMS JEREMIAH J. WILLIS TAMEKA R. WILSON JASON M. WINGEART BRIAN R. WINKELMAN CONOR M. WINSLOW LUKE A. WITTMER ERICA J. WITTY GABRIEL M. WOLFE ROBERT W. WOLFENDEN JERRY L. WOOD, JR. GUY F. WORKMAN SHANNON R. WORTHAN ADAM WOYTOWICH SCOTT R. YANDELL JONATHAN T. YASUDA ROBERT W. YERKEY PETER C. ZAPPOLA, JR. MICHAEL E. ZIEGELHOFER KURT P. ZORTMAN D010870 D011034 D011285 D011754 D011805 D012594 D012613 D012711 D012725 D012874 D013090 D013271 D013679 D013863 D013940 D013959 D014007 D014083 D014147 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL T. ANDERS MARK C. ANDRES AARON ANGELL MATTHEW T. ARCHAMBAULT JAMES M. ASHBURN JOHN A. ATILANO II ARIEYEH J. AUSTIN MICHAEL S. AVEY TODD E. BAJAKIAN MATTHEW S. BALINT FRANKLIN F. BALTAZAR ELLIS H. BARNES IV JEREMY D. BELL LAWSON F. BELL BENJAMIN A. BENNETT ANDREW M. BEYER DANIEL D. BLACKMON JOSHUA R. BOOKOUT JARED D. BORDWELL DAVID D. BOWLING JEFFREY A. BRACCO JAMES A. BRADY KENNETH J. BRAEGER JEFFERY J. BRAGG KARST K. BRANDSMA BRUCE A. BREDLOW COREY A. BRUNKOW ROBERT K. BRYANT ALEXANDER L. BULLOCK MATHEW F. BUNCH DAVID R. BUNKER JEFFREY T. BURGOYNE STEPHEN E. CAPEHART DANIEL A. CASTRO JEREMY J. CHAPMAN CARL A. CHASTEEN VARMAN S. CHHOEUNG CURRAN D. CHIDESTER BRENT A. CLEMMER AARON K. COOMBS WILLIAM N. CRAIG III MICHAEL P. CRANE ERIC D. CRISPINO PAUL B. CULBERSON JOHN K. CURRY MATTHEW W. DALTON JASON S. DAVIS ANDREW J. DEATON SCOTT M. DELLINGER NICHOLAS J. DICKSON ROBERT J. DUCHAINE ANTWAN L. DUNMYER JAMES R. DUNWOODY THOMAS P. EHRHART JAMES R. EMBRY CHRISTOPHER T. FAHRENBACH STEPHEN A. FAIRLESS MARK D. FEDEROVICH EUGENE J. FERRIS DEREK S. FINISON CHAD R. FOSTER WILL B. FREDS THOMAS L. GALLI THOMAS M. GENTER JOHN E. GIANELLONI JUDSON B. GILLETT PETER C. GLASS ANDREW R. GRAHAM TRAVIS M. HABHAB SAMUEL HALL MATTHEW J. HARDMAN MATTHEW F. HARMON REGINALD R. HARPER DAMON K. HARRIS DAVID J. HASKELL RALPH R. HEIDEL, JR. BRIAN J. HENDERSON MARK R. HIMES TODD W. HOOK MATTHEW R. HOWELL JAMES D. HOYMAN TIMOTHY D. HUMMEL MATTHEW L. ISAACSON JOSEPH A. JACKSON KEVIN L. JACKSON ROBERT L. JENKINS MICHAEL C. JENSIK MICHAEL S. JOHNSON JASON A. JOHNSTON MICHAEL A. JOHNSTON JACKIE K. KAINA CHARLES W. KEAN DON M. KING BRYAN G. KIRK MICHAEL F. KLOEPPER JASON M. KNIFFEN STEPHEN J. KOLOUCH JASON A. LACROIX JONATHAN C. LAUER GERALD S. LAW THEODORE J. LEONARD HEATHER A. LEVY KIRK M. LIDDLE BRENT W. LINDEMAN MATTHEW W. LUZZATTO CHRISTOPHER S. MAHAFFEY AARON M. MARTIN ALICIA M. MASSON EDWIN D. MATTHAIDESS III KEVIN E. MCHUGH TRAVIS L. MCINTOSH WILLIAM B. MCKANNAY DAVID M. MCNEILL JUSTIN T. MEISSNER DANIEL G. MILLER HAROLD E. MILLER JABARI M. MILLER YVONNE C. MILLER KENNETH D. MITCHELL CORNELIUS L. MORGAN RYAN J. MORGAN JAMES A. MOYES ALEXANDER C. MURRAY JEREMY S. MUSHTARE LOI M. NGUYEN DAVID W. NOBLE DENNIS E. NUTT STEPHEN W. OWEN MICHAEL D. OWENS IAN C. PALMER JOSEPH H. PARKER GITTIPONG PARUCHABUTR DAVID J. PASQUALE ROBERT S. PERRY STEPHEN C. PHILLIPS JOHN M. POOLE JAYSON H. PUTNAM LYNN W. RAY JAMES V. RECTOR JAMES C. REESE JUSTIN Y. J. REESE MONICA M. REID JENNIFER A. REYNOLDS JOSEPH C. RICHEY PATRICK M. RODDY, JR. CHAD M. ROEHRMAN MATTHEW B. ROGERS CURTIS L. ROWLAND, JR. JASON M. SABAT BRYAN D. SCHOTT RYAN D. SEAGREAVES JOSHUA P. SEGRAVES THOMAS J. SIEBOLD PETER M. SITTENAUER THOMAS B. SMITH NEIL N. SNYDER IV NATHAN R. SPRINGER PAUL W. STAEHELI DONALD E. STEWART RUSSELL C. STEWART MICHAEL C. STULL FRED W. TANNER RHETT A. TAYLOR TERRY R. TILLIS EDWARD S. TWADDELL III SHAWN P. UNDERWOOD ERIC A. VANEK TONY K. VERENNA SCOTT M. VIRGIL MICHAEL P. WAGNER LELAND W. WALDRUP II MATTHEW W. WEBER RYAN K. WELCH GABRIEL D. WELLS MICHAEL R. WEST JOHN D. WILLIAMS EARL D. WRIGHT, JR. RYAN B. WYLIE JAMES R. YASTRZEMSKY MICHAEL A. ZOPFI D005492 D010675 D010067 D014325 D014361 D014380 D014519 D014523 D014641 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
MICHAEL J. ADAMSKI JEREMIAH A. AESCHLEMAN ERIC A. ANDERSON JORGE A. ARREDONDO CHRISTOPHER A. BACHL STEPHANIE A. BAGLEY DANIEL J. BARNARD TIA L. BENNING ERIC R. BJORKLUND MATTHEW R. BOCKHOLT MICHAEL A. BONURA MARIA C. BORBON RANDY BOUCHER STEPHEN C. BROWNE MICHAEL L. BURGOYNE CHRISTOPHER J. BYRD PETER H. CHAPMAN TEDROSE H. CHARLES JASON P. CLARK SPENCER J. CLOUATRE GEORGE I. CORBARI JEFFREY A. COULON ANTHONY J. COVERT DAVID F. COY NICOLE H. CURTIS MARC D. DANIELS KEITH W. DEGREGORY JONATHAN S. DUNN MATTHEW D. EBERHART ERIC J. EBERLINE BRIT K. ERSLEV TANYA T. ESTES MARCUS M. FERRARA IAN E. FRANCIS ALEXANDER S. FUERST COREY S. GERVING DOUGLAS F. GIBSON JEREMY J. GRAY JASON P. GRESH CHRISTIAN A. HAFFEY MAURICE S. HAJJAR MICHAEL L. HALL ERIC HARTUNIAN MARVIN G. HAYNES IV RYAN C. HELLERSTEDT ARMANDO HERNANDEZ AARON T. HILL, JR. JONATHAN W. HUGHES EARL J. HUNTER AMANDA L. IDEN KEE Y. JEONG ALTON J. JOHNSON ROBERT L. JONES III MICHAEL R. KALOOSTIAN GALEN R. KANE EDWARD W. KENDALL MATTHEW R. KENT MARVIN L. KING III 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.016 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4311 June 20, 2018 
ERIC T. KISS NED A. KRAFCHICK JACOB M. KRAMER JOHN P. KUNSTBECK MICHAEL J. KUZARA MICHAEL E. LEE KURTIS A. LEFFLER ANDREW M. LEONARD MICHAEL LEWCZAK JORIN C. LINTZENICH CHARLES C. LUKE KELLY G. MACDONALD MARK H. MADDEN CHRISTOPHER D. MARCHETTI CRAIG A. MARTIN MICHAEL W. MARTIN CHRISTOPHER T. MAYER HEATH L. MCCORMICK WILLIAM S. MCNICOL ALEXANDER S. MENTIS DANIEL R. MILLER BASEL M. MIXON IV NICHOLAS MONTALTO III JARROD P. MORELAND ANDREW A. MORRISON DAVID J. MULACK JOSEPH D. MUNGER JOHN J. MYERS TODD A. NAPIER KEVIN M. NEUMANN ANTHONY J. NEWTSON CHI K. NGUYEN CURTIS W. NOWAK CHRISTY L. H. NYLAND PAUL S. H. OH TIMOTHY R. OSULLIVAN STEPHEN M. PARRISH, SR. REBECCA D. PATTERSON STACEY D. PATTERSON SHAW S. PICK ANTHONY F. POLLIO, JR. THOMAS S. PUGSLEY JORN A. PUNG KAREN F. RADKA PETER J. RASMUSSEN STANLEY M. REED, SR. SCOTT M. SANFORD, SR. MATTHEW J. SCHREIBER THOMAS A. SCOTT SCOTT B. SEIDEL JEFFREY A. SHEEHAN NICHOLAS R. SIMONTIS BRENT O. SKINNER SUSAN A. SMELTZER CHARLES D. SMITH ERIC J. SMITH JAY B. SMITH MICHAEL L. SMITH THOMAS W. SPAHR WILLIAM J. STARR, JR. KEVIN C. STEYER JAMES M. SWARTZ MOMOEVI S. TAWAKE MATTHEW A. TEMPLEMAN CHRISTIAN G. TEUTSCH MICHAEL S. TOKAR CHRISTOPHER L. TOMLINSON JOHN S. TRANSUE, JR. BRETT J. VERNETTI ROBERT D. WAGNER CHRISTOPHER D. WASHINGTON EDWIN B. WERKHEISER II CHRISTIAN L. WERNER JOHN F. WHITFIELD, JR. ANNEMARIE R. WIERSGALLA JOSEPH E. WILLIAMS TROY A. WILLIAMS PATRICK E. WORKMAN WALTER D. ZACHERL MARK M. ZAIS TIMOTHY M. ZAJAC ANTHONY E. ZUPANCIC D001025 D011309 D013109 D013961 D014349 D014511 D014545 G001345 G010241 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
COURTNEY L. ABRAHAM ROBERT S. ADCOCK TROY V. ALEXANDER TODD J. ALLISON JASON M. ALVIS MATTHEW K. ANASTASI WILLIAM C. ARNOLD ELLIS R. BAKER MICHAEL A. BAKER BRAD A. BANE LOYD BEAL III BRIAN D. BEINER DEREK A. BIRD CATHERINE M. BLACK KEVIN D. BOUREN TERRY D. BRANNAN ANGEL M. BRITO CAPRISSA S. BROWNSLADE LAHAVIE J. BRUNSON WOODWARD H. CALDWELL LACHER M. CAMPBELL EDWIN L. CHILTON II STEVEN M. CLARK OCTAVIA T. COLEMAN TRENTON J. CONNER DOUGLAS W. COPELAND MYRTA I. CRESPO FRANKIE J. CRUZ SHANE R. CUELLAR BRADLEY T. CULLIGAN STEVEN M. DOWGIELEWICZ, JR. KIMBERLY K. FUHRMAN JOHN R. GAIVIN TIMOTHY M. GALLAGHER MILES T. GENGLER ANTHONY R. GIBBS PETER L. GILBERT SETH C. GRAVES JEREL R. GRIMES TODD W. HANDY FREDERICKA R. HARRIS RAPHAEL S. HEFLIN MARK P. HENDERSON CARL L. HENNEMANN JUSTIN S. HERBERMANN JOSHUA D. HIRSCH RUSSELL V. HOFF SCOTT E. HOLDEN JOEL R. HOLMSTROM IAN W. HUMPHREY LATONYA N. JORDAN LOUIS J. KARNES SEAN P. KELLY RUSSELL W. KLAUMAN JOHN W. KREDO BRIAN D. KUHN MICHAEL F. LABRECQUE ROBERT L. LEIATO MICHAEL L. LINDLEY MICHAEL E. LUDWICK SCOTT A. MADDRY SCOTT J. MADORE JOHN J. MAHER TRAHON T. MASHACK CARL E. MASON AMBROSE U. MBONU MICHAEL R. MCBRIDE JEFFREY A. MCCARTNEY PATRICK J. MCCLELLAND ERIC A. MCCOY CHRISTOPHER M. MCCREERY TIMOTHY D. MCDONALD CHARLES W. MCPHAIL ROBB A. MEERT CHRISTIAN B. MEISEL BURR H. MILLER ERIN C. MILLER SAMUEL S. MILLER DANIEL MISIGOY JARRETT S. MOFFITT ROBIN W. MONTGOMERY ALTHERIA M. NILES, JR. DONNIE NOWLIN RYAN P. OQUINN MICHAEL N. PARENT JONATHAN M. PATRICK JAMES R. PECKHAM, JR. JASON D. PEREZ LETSY A. PEREZMARSDEN RICHARD H. PFEIFFER, JR. MICHAEL P. POST CLYDEA M. PRICHARDBROWN BRUCE R. PULVER RYAN L. RAYMOND NICOLE U. REINHARDT CHRISTINE H. RICE TRINA RICE ROBERT B. ROCHON HECTOR ROMAN EVANGELINE G. ROSEL JOHN C. ROTANTE JAY C. SAWYER BRYANT L. SCHUMACHER RICARDO L. SIERRAGUZMAN CHRISTOPHER W. SNIPES KELLY K. STEELE MARK W. SUSNIS MARK R. TAYLOR CHESLEY D. THIGPEN DOUGLAS C. THOMPSON TRACY L. WADLE JASON B. WAMSLEY MARIO A. WASHINGTON JAY J. WILLIAMS AARON M. WOLFE BRIAN P. WOLFORD ABEL E. YOUNG D012970 D014311 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
GARY W. BROCK, JR. MICHELLE B. BRONELL MICHAEL F. DEROSIER STEPHEN S. HAMILTON RATASHA L. JACKSON WILLIAM R. KEATING MATTHEW J. LENNOX CHRISTOPHER J. LONGO KELVIN E. MOTE JOSEPH A. PUSKAS II MATTHEW J. SHEIFFER ROBERT M. THELEN ANDREW D. WHISKEYMAN JOHN M. WILSON 
f 
WITHDRAWALS Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on June 20, 2018 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tions: 
KIMBERLY A. REED, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE FIRST VICE PRESIDENT OF THE EXPORT–IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 20, 2021, VICE WANDA FELTON, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON OCTOBER 3, 2017. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATION OF JEFFREY D. TILTON, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON MARCH 12, 2018. RONNY LYNN JACKSON, OF TEXAS, TO BE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, VICE DAVID J. SHULKIN, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON APRIL 16, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:36 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A20JN6.017 S20JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE869 June 20, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, due to adverse weather and numerous flight delays and cancellations in North Carolina, I was unable to vote yesterday during Roll Call 269, the motion to suspend the rules and pass as amended H.R. 5687, the Securing Opioids and Unused Narcotics with Deliberate Dis-posal and Packaging Act of 2018, as well as Roll Call 270, the motion to suspend the rules and pass as amended H.R. 5676, the Stop Excessive Narcotics in our Retirement Com-munities Protection Act of 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call 269 and Yea on Roll Call 270. 
f 
HONORING FULTON CHAPTER NO. 35, ORDER OF THE EASTERN STAR, ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Fulton Chapter No. 35, Order of the Eastern Star, on their 100th Anni-versary. On September 21, 1917 Chapter No. 35 was founded by first Worthy Matron Anna Christian and first Worthy Patron Howard B. Lang. While the chapter has roots in Fulton, the dedicated members live throughout Mis-souri and surrounding states. There were 22 original signers who saw the vision of what the Fulton Chapter No. 35 could become. These signers were: Lena Newkomm, Julia Ann Neal, Anna Christian, Charles H. Christian, Selena Loveng, Bertie Fay Jackson, J. Roy Jackson, Gertrude Clatterbuck, Edgar Clatterbuck, Norma Lang, Howard B. Lang, Gertrude M. Brown, Jella D. Brown, Doyle S. Brown, Lulu Beaven, Theodore Beaven, Marie Le Noir, William Meng, John R. Pratt, Harry H. McIntire, Alice Koontz, and Elmer L. Koontz. Currently, the Fulton Chapter No. 35 is 102 members strong. The members of this Masonry organization are dedicated men and women who consist-ently represent the spirit of fraternal love and the desire to work together to benefit mankind. Their hard work and charity is constantly felt by the community and dearly appreciated by the many lives they have and continue to touch. They have been active in many charitable causes to benefit the community: Callaway Relay 4 Life, MoChip, Cancer Research, and the Masonic Home to name a few. Since the foundation of the organization, the lessons shared at the meetings have remained scrip-tural, the purpose beneficent, and the teach-ings moral. This type of teaching is a nod to the founder of the Order of the Eastern Star, Dr. Robert Morris, who had the vision of using beautiful and inspiring Biblical examples which in turn would be the noble principles Eastern Star members are encouraged to emulate. With this vision, the environment within the Eastern Star organization is dedicated to char-ity, truth, and loving kindness. I ask you to join me in honoring Fulton Chapter No. 35, Order of the Eastern Star on their 100th Anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAT RIORDAN 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of the career and service of Green Bay resident, Mr. Pat Riordan. A St. Norbert College graduate, he was ap-pointed chief executive officer of Nsight in 1975 and oversaw the 1987 launch of the wireless provider, Cellcom. Nsight evolved from a modest company providing cellular services to Pulaski, Wisconsin, to a robust business supplying wireless services to North-east Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. Mr. Riordan’s leadership as CEO was in-credibly valuable, and the impact he has made on the industry in Wisconsin is indelible. His extensive knowledge of the industry has earned him many key positions on boards and organizations including the Wisconsin State Telecommunications Association, Associated Carrier Group, and Ha Ha’s Hero Foundation, to name a few. Adding to his accolades, Mr. Riordan received the Outstanding Achieve-ment Award from the Rural Carriers Associa-tion in 2008. As we pause to look back on the ways Mr. Riordan has impacted Northeast Wisconsin, it is without a doubt that Mr. Riordan himself continues to look forward. Upon his retirement as CEO, Mr. Riordan will assume a new role in looking to future trends. He will be tasked with thinking three to five years out and chart-ing how to best incorporate new emerging em-ployee skill sets. Mr. Riordan’s applications of extraordinary skills and knowledge of his industry have helped grow his company and brand. His com-mitment to both his company and to his com-munity are worthy of the highest commenda-tion. MICKIE MAY LEVIN: CLEATS FOR A CAUSE HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, one of the most important values that we strive to teach our children is to give back to others. Well, it’s time for us adults to go back to school, as 13- year-old Mickie May Levin is teaching us a thing or two about generosity. This year, Levin had her bat mitzvah, and in preparation for this rite of passage, she de-cided to undertake a service project that would give back to her local community in the spirit of Jewish tradition. In brainstorming ideas, she kept returning to soccer, a sport that she had already fell in love with. She played on her school team, and she enjoyed how the sport brings people together from a variety of back-grounds. From her own time on the field, she under-stood the importance of having a good pair of cleats on your feet during a game, particularly when the rain started to come down. She also knew that she and many of her friends had pairs of gently used cleats piling up in their closets and garages—at that age, kids out-grow clothes and shoes very quickly. An idea was thus born: she would collect these cleats and donate them to kids who couldn’t afford to buy them. Levin started out small, asking around her friend group and eventually placing yellow cardboard boxes labelled ‘‘Cleats for a Cause’’ around her school and elsewhere in her com-munity. She then started reaching out to indi-viduals and organizations, asking if they had any shoes to spare. Her donations soared after Tarik Guendouzi, the director of the boys’ teams for Rise FC, responded and told her that his club wanted to help. Although Levin provided just one cardboard box, the families of the club brought so many shoes that she had to utilize her mother’s pickup truck to transport them all back to her house. Levin then gave the hundreds of shoes she had collected to the All Nations Sports Acad-emy, an organization in Houston that provides underprivileged children opportunities to play soccer. The young kids received them jubi-lantly, taking the field with new shoes on their feet and a noticeable swagger in their step. Mr. Speaker, Mickie May Levin has a heart of gold, and she leads by example in making an impact in her community. It is because of the generosity of individuals like Levin that our country is what it is today. Young and old, we can all learn something from her about kind-ness. And that is just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K20JN8.001 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE870 June 20, 2018 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE AZERBAIJAN DEMO-CRATIC REPUBLIC 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Republican of Azerbaijan for the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, which was celebrated on May 28, 2018. In the Republic of Azerbaijan, May 28th is known as the ‘‘Republic Day’’. This past Re-public Day celebrated the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Azerbaijan Demo-cratic Republic, the first secular parliamentary republic in the Muslim VVorld. In 1991, the United States recognized Azer-baijan as an independent state following the collapse of the Soviet Union, and established diplomatic relations the following year. I would like to highlight that, over the last 26 years, Azerbaijan has established itself as a reliable friend of the United States. Since the attacks of September 11, 2001, Azerbaijan has been a critical ally of the United States in combating international terrorism through several joint U.S.-Azerbaijani operations in Afghanistan, the Balkans, and Iraq. On a more international level, Azerbaijan has strong economic, military, and strategic ties to Israel, representing one of Israel’s greatest allies in the region. Azerbaijan’s en-ergy sector is also key to combating Russian influences across the region. Altogether, the country plays a critical role in the diversifica-tion of energy routes, and helps support allies of the United States’ allies by doing so. I would like to formally congratulate the Re-publican of Azerbaijan for the 100th anniver-sary of the establishment of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, and I look forward to continued strong relations between the United States and Azerbaijan for many years to come. 
f 
JOINT TASK FORCE TO COMBAT OPIOID TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my committee’s bill, the Joint Task Force to Combat Opioid Trafficking Act. Dangerous narcotics and other synthetic opioids are fueling a drug epidemic that is de-stroying people’s lives. According to the Centers for Disease Con-trol (CDC), about 115 people die every day from an opioid overdose. Just think about that—115 people every day. They are not just strangers. They are moms and dads, brothers and sisters, friends and neighbors. Most of us know someone who has strug-gled with substance abuse or drug addiction. We cannot allow these numbers to climb. We have to reverse this dangerous trend. We need to act together now. I am proud to say that the Committee on Homeland Security has been taking action on this issue. Recently, President Trump signed our INTERDICT Act. This bill provides CBP with additional funds and resources to screen and detect synthetic opioids at the border. Today, we held a field hearing in Pennsyl-vania to review ways to strengthen coordina-tion at the local, state, and federal levels in our fight against drugs. We are taking many positive steps, but we must do more. We can start by passing this bill that estab-lishes a Joint Task Force at DHS to prohibit narcotics, such as fentanyl, and others from entering the United States. It also strengthens partnerships between federal agencies and the private sector. This is a unifying cause. Stopping the flow of drugs into our country will allow more Amer-icans to follow their dreams and build a bright future. I would like to thank Congressman LAN-
GEVIN and Congressman P ETER KINGfor their leadership and hard work on this issue. And I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on June 19, 2018, I was unavoidably detained due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 269, and YEA on Roll Call No. 270. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, on June 19, 2018, I missed a series of Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on No. 269 and 270 and I would have voted ‘‘NAY’’ on No. 271. 
f 
BACKUP IS COMING FOR HOUSTON’S FIRST RESPONDERS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Hurricane Harvey pushed Houston first-responders to the limit. While groups like the Cajun Navy and other private citizens provided invaluable sup-port to the Houston community in helping with emergency relief, peace officers and fire-fighters were underequipped to deal with the massive flooding that displaced thousands from their homes. With only old and decrepit boats at their disposal, they were forced to conscript canoes and kayaks. To put it simply, they needed more boats. The Houston Fire Department requested 20 boats from the city to help bolster their water rescue fleet, but the city was strapped for cash and could not feasibly pay for 20 boats on their own. Luckily, one group decided to step up and help. The 100 Club donated 14 new rescue boats to first responders in Houston and Harris County. The group gave the Houston Police Department and the Harris County Sheriff’s Office five boats each and the Houston Fire Department four. This will provide a much- needed boost to the fleets of these depart-ments, who are now only in need of just a handful of boats from the city. The 100 Club has a history of helping Hous-ton’s finest. The organization has provided mil-lions of dollars in financial aid to the families of fallen officers, scholarships and grants to officers and fire fighters, and equipment for first responders. After observing the water res-cue efforts during the hurricane, the group began conversing with the authorities in Hous-ton, who all highlighted the need for more res-cue boats. Mr. Speaker, our first responders provided invaluable assistance to the Houston commu-nity during and after Hurricane Harvey, despite their lack of equipment. After all, the tools do not make the man. But the gracious donation by the 100 Club will allow these selfless indi-viduals to serve their communities more effec-tively. The generosity shown is just another example of why the greatest people on earth live in America: they will always help each other. And that is just the way it is. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, due to cancellations and delays to my scheduled return flights to Washington. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On H.R. 5687, the SOUND Disposal and Packaging Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On H.R. 5676, the SENIOR Communities Protection Act, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ On the Journal Vote, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
DR. TODD GRAHAM PAIN MANAGE-MENT, TREATMENT, AND RECOV-ERY ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6110, the Dr. Todd Graham Pain Management, Treatment, and Recovery Act of 2018. Introduced by my colleague on the Ways and Means Committee, Representa-tive J
ACKIE WALORSKI , this legislation would di-rect the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to conduct a review on how to im-prove the use of non-opioid treatments for pain management for Part A and B Medicare beneficiaries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.001 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE871 June 20, 2018 
The opioid crisis has been devastating com-munities across the nation for far too long. We need to take immediate steps to reduce the overprescribing of opioids and ensure patients have access to non-addictive pain manage-ment options. Among the actions we can take to prevent addiction is to remove perceived financial in-centives for doctors to prescribe generic opioids instead of non-opioid alternative drugs and medical devices, which are typically more expensive. I am pleased to see the text of my bill, H.R. 5778—Promoting Outpatient Access to Non-Opioid Treatments Act, incorporated into H.R. 6110, to address this issue. The leg-islation instructs CMS to identify possible pay-ment barriers in the Medicare program and consequently asks the Secretary to consider appropriate revisions to the reimbursement structure. It is a commonsense solution to guarantee doctors have the best tools avail-able to deter opioid dependence. By examining ways to expand the use of non-opioid alternatives in Medicare, we can help cut the problem off at the source, while still being sensitive to patients’ pain manage-ment needs. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congressional District of Texas, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this bill and urge its immediate passage. 
f 
HONORING WULFGANG LAWSON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Wulfgang Lawson. Wulf is a very special young man who has ex-emplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 288, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Wulf has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Wulf has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Wulf has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Wulfgang for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CARMEN D EVRIES FOR HER STATE TITLE IN THE CLASS 1A 400-METER DASH 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carmen DeVries, as the Illinois High School Association (IHSA) Class 1 A 400 meter dash gold medalist in the 2018 track and field state championships. This was DeVries’ fourth trip to the state championships, and she was determined to go home with a gold medal her senior year. She persevered and completed the 400 meter dash with a first place time of 57.04 seconds. In the same competition, she also achieved a bronze medal in the triple jump, stretching for 37ft., 41⁄4inches in the Class 1A triple jump. DeVries also earned her personal best time in the 400 meters with a time of 57.95 seconds, which set the new school record at Lena- Winslow High School. I want to commend this student athlete on her tremendous accom-plishments and work ethic. It takes a great deal of discipline and talent be awarded such titles. The great state of Illinois is very proud that our small towns produce giant athletes. Mr. Speaker, I want to again formally ac-knowledge Carmen DeVries on winning the first place title in the IHSA state competition for the 400 meter dash. I join the community in congratulating her and we look forward to seeing her future achievements. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KATHERINE M. CLARK 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, last night inclement weather caused travel delays, and as a result I missed roll call vote number 269. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
HONORING AARON D. NERO, JR. 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Aaron D. Nero, Jr. Aaron is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 288, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Aaron has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Aaron has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Aaron has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Aaron for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT NICHOLAS CORDES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Nicholas Cordes of Avoca, Iowa for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. Nicholas is a member of Boy Scouts Troop No. 97 in Avoca, and he is a student at AHSTW High School in Avoca. The Eagle Scout designation is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about 5 percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained over the past century. To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout is obligated to pass specific tests that are or-ganized by requirements and merit badges, as well as completing an Eagle Project to benefit the community. Nicholas’s Eagle Scout Project was the painting of the large picnic shelter in Avoca’s Edgington Memorial Park. The work ethic Nicholas has shown in his Eagle Project, and every other project leading to his Eagle Scout rank, speaks volumes of his commit-ment to serving a cause greater than himself and assisting his community. Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young man and his supportive family demonstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication, and per-severance. I am honored to represent Nich-olas and his family in the United States Con-gress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating him on obtaining the Eagle Scout rank-ing, and I wish him continued success in his future education and career. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 269, 270 and 271 on Tuesday, June 19, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 269 and 270, and Nay on Roll Call vote 271. 
f 
HONORING PATRICK STEINKAMP 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Patrick Steinkamp. Patrick is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 288, and earn-ing the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Patrick has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Patrick has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Pat-rick has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Patrick for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his ef-forts put forth in achieving the highest distinc-tion of Eagle Scout. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.006 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE872 June 20, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF DIXIE HORNING 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize one of the most gifted and effective lead-ers I have met, had the distinct honor to work with over several decades, and am proud to call a dear friend. Dixie Horning is retiring from her leadership roles as Executive Director of the University of California, San Francisco Na-tional Center of Excellence in Women’s Health and Associate Chair for Finance and Adminis-tration for the Department of Obstetrics, Gyne-cology and Reproductive Sciences, after 20 years of service with that esteemed institution. Her transformational work at UCSF followed 30 years of transformational public service in Texarkana, Arkansas, Lafayette, Louisiana and Washington, D.C. Dixie is a master at building communities, designing public policy, administering complex programs, and managing organizations and people. Dixie has been honored by UCSF with two prestigious Chancellor’s Awards recognizing her service above and beyond her appointed roles. The Chancellor’s Award for the Ad-vancement of Women recognized her con-tributions to success of many individuals through her coaching, mentoring and sponsor-ship of UCSF staff, faculty, high school young women and leaders of community organiza-tions. Dixie’s vital efforts to advance and im-prove UCSF’s partnerships with its community, with an emphasis on the sharing of power in these relationships, was recognized by the Chancellor’s Award for Public Service. Dixie’s contributions to our network of National Cen-ters of Excellence in Women’s Health cannot be understated. She traveled across this big country of ours guiding and supporting other Centers in transforming women’s health and healthcare. There is no task imaginable Dixie couldn’t tackle. To understand why she is so effective it helps to understand her life philosophy— what I like to call the Five Dixie Principles: 1. Earn leadership through presence and per-formance. 2. Practice active skill transfer to build sustainability: everyone has something to learn and everyone has something to teach. 3. Don’t go anywhere unless invited. 4. Prepare a place at the table for all stakeholders. If a stakeholder is not yet ready to join, don’t delay, begin the work but leave the seat open for future participation. And 5. Long term change requires long term presence. Those have been Dixie’s ingredients for long term and sustainable success. Dixie started her remarkable career in Tex-arkana, Arkansas in the early 1970s. She was hired as a gym recreation program coordinator in the Model Cities Program, an initiative of Lyndon Johnson’s Great Society. She em-braced the goals of developing new anti-poverty programs, achieving community inte-gration, building better local government, en-gaging citizens in meaningful ways and trans-lated them into reality. She built ten major parks, established the first domestic violence shelter, created art museums for children and community centers for seniors. She launched six non-profits that provided day care, sports and education. She established transportation access for those who are differently abled. She served on commissions for issues as di-verse as juvenile justice reform, sexually transmitted diseases, childhood education, and sports in prisons. Her success attracted more resources from private public partner-ships and was noted as model program for the State by the Department of Parks and Tour-ism. Dixie was named by President Reagan to serve on his Advisory Council on the Out-doors. Twenty years later, the Mayor of Lafayette, Louisiana recruited Dixie to replicate the pro-grams she had created in Texarkana. She moved and did exactly that. She collaborated with the leaders of the Southern Mutual Help Association who were dedicated to uplifting agricultural communities. Together they cre-ated a model for community transformation and economic sustainability that focused on the removal of structural systems that rein-forced poverty. From Louisiana, Dixie moved to Wash-ington, DC and became the Executive Director of the Gray Panthers. She worked with its founder Maggie Kuhn to eliminate age dis-crimination and change our view of aging and older Americans. She also worked with the Coalition that lobbied for the Violence against Women Act and renewal of Title IX. Throughout her work across this country Dixie has been an active participant in wom-en’s history. She attended the 1st UN Inter-national Women’s Conference in Mexico City in 1975 as a delegate from the rural women’s caucus. She went on to serve on the planning committees for the next three UN international women’s conferences in Copenhagen in 1980, Nairobi in 1985 and Beijing in 1995. Dixie led the Beijing and Beyond taskforce. In Wash-ington, Dixie served on National Council of Women’s Organizations, including a term as its President. In 1988, Dixie was selected to carry the Torch at the Parade to commemo-rate the 75th anniversary of the 1913 Suffrag-ette March for the Vote. She served as the Chair of the Board of Directors of the National Women’s History Project. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to rise with me to honor my friend Dixie Horning, an exceptional champion of social justice and fierce feminist advocate for all women and girls. While we don’t exactly know what she will do in this next chapter in her life, we can be sure it will transformational and lead to a better future for us all. 
f 
RECOGNIZING EMILY OFFENHEISER ON HER STATE TITLE IN DISCUS THROW 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Emily Offenheiser, a senior from Stockton Senior High School, for earning the Class IA Illinois High School Association (IHSA) first place championship in discus throw. Emily Offenheiser has often been recog-nized as a star athlete playing several sports such as basketball, softball, shotput, and dis-cus. In 7th grade she began discus and has qualified for the state championships four times since. She has demonstrated a tremen-dous dedication to track and field, and in the recent state championship accomplished a personal best discus throw of 151–08, which decided her victory. Additionally, she earned second place in the Class IA IHSA shot put championship and was also named the WREX news Athlete of the Week. It takes a tremen-dous amount of commitment and hard work to be presented with such tremendous acco-lades. Emily has demonstrated leadership, ad-mirable determination, and I am proud that she represents the Stockton community. I look forward to watching her advance in her ath-letic career as she begins her college edu-cation. Mr. Speaker, it is once again my honor to formally congratulate Emily Offenheiser on winning gold, and the rest of Illinois joins me in wishing her great success in the future. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. LISA THOMAS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mrs. Lisa Thomas, the deputy director at Child Development Resources (CDR) and community activist who has posi-tively impacted the lives of many children dur-ing her tenure. Mrs. Thomas began her career interning at CDR in 1978 while pursuing a psychology de-gree from the College of William and Mary. After graduating with a master’s degree in so-cial work, Thomas joined CDR full-time in 1986. During her time at CDR, Thomas partici-pated in a variety of the organizations mis-sions including serving as the Interim Execu-tive Director. In 1998, Thomas was appointed Deputy Director and Head of Children’s Serv-ices. In this role, Thomas oversaw all the serv-ices CDR provided to its families and youth clients. Thomas worked with state and local coalitions to provide support for early child-hood services and served on my First District Education Advisory Council. Thomas was cru-cial in evolving CDR from a focus on children with disabilities into a broader early childhood development center. Thomas also worked with various nonprofit organizations including the Hope Family Vil-lage, which provides support to caregivers of children with mental health issues, and served as the president of the Historic Triangle Safe Kids Coalitions. Thomas also worked with the One Child Center for Autism where she devel-oped a program to support over 100 children a month in the Williamsburg area and served as a mentor to many children through the Big Brothers Big Sisters program. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in thank-ing Mrs. Thomas for her leadership and self-less devotion to the children of our community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.011 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE873 June 20, 2018 
HONORING CHRISTOPHER STEINKAMP 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Christopher Steinkamp. Christopher is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizenship and leadership by tak-ing an active part in the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica, Troop 288, and earning the most pres-tigious award of Eagle Scout. Christopher has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Christopher has been in-volved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his family, peers, and community. Most no-tably, Christopher has contributed to his com-munity through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Christopher for his accomplish-ments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER AND AC-COMPLISHMENTS OF MR. JORGE RAMIREZ 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Jorge Ramirez on the occasion of his retirement as president of the Chicago Federation of Labor. Jorge’s reputation as an esteemed and extremely effective leader is well-deserved after 8 years as president and 12 years on the board of the CFL. He fought for and succeeded in making life better for hundreds of thousands of workers and their families. Jorge Ramirez is the son of Mexican immi-grants who grew up on the Southwest Side of Chicago near Midway Airport. His father was a meat packer in Chicago’s Back of Yards neighborhood during the 1960s, working long hours for limited pay and with limited rights. Eventually his father and fellow workers formed a union, knowing that they were stronger together than they were alone. Jorge continued this tradition and found his own way into the industry, first joining the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union Local 1546 in 1988 where he served as Exec-utive Director. Since his election as the first Latino Presi-dent of the Chicago Federation of Labor in 2010, Jorge Ramirez worked closely with stakeholders and cultivated a mutual respect with them, avoiding layoffs, improving health insurance for union workers, and stabilizing Chicago’s pension funds. He was critical in ushering in a higher minimum wage for the city starting in 2019, guaranteeing a much bet-ter standard of living for so many workers. Jorge’s work was also crucial in establishing a new five-year contract between the city of Chi-cago and the Coalition of Unionized Public Employees. That agreement alone benefited approximately 20% of the city’s employees, in-cluding motor truck drivers, plumbers, labor-ers, and members of the building trades. Most recently, he led the charge for an $8.5 billion O’Hare Airport expansion plan—an effort that will both modernize one of Chicago’s aviation hubs and create over 60,000 jobs. In addition to his accomplishments with the Chicago Federation of Labor, Jorge is an ac-tive community leader, as well as a devoted husband and father. His roles have included positions with the Cook County Health and Hospitals System Board of Directors, Chicago Infrastructure Trust, the Cook County Presi-dent’s Council of Economic Advisors, and Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago. Philan-thropically, he has donated his time to the Mercy Home for Boys and Girls, the United Way of Metropolitan Chicago, and the Arch-diocese of Chicago Office for Immigrant Af-fairs. All the while, Jorge and his wife, Catrina, have raised four amazing sons for whom he bakes as a hobby; his specialty being cheese-cake. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Jorge Ramirez. His resilience and commit-ment have helped countless people improve their lives and the lives of their families. I con-gratulate him on his accomplishments, thank him for his service, and wish him well in his future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO ELSIE EHRENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Elsie Ehrens of Council Bluffs, Iowa on the occasion of her 100th birthday. Elsie celebrated her birthday on May 19, 2018. Our world has changed a great deal during the course of Elsie’s life. Since her birth, we have revolutionized air travel and walked on the moon. We have invented the television, cellular phones and the internet. We have fought in wars overseas, seen the rise and fall of Soviet communism and witnessed the birth of new democracies. Elsie has lived through eighteen United States Presidents and twenty- five Governors of Iowa. In her lifetime, the population of the United States has more than tripled. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent Elsie in the United States Congress and it is my pleasure to wish her a very happy 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Elsie on reaching this in-credible milestone, and wishing her even more health and happiness in the years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, June 15, 2018 I missed the following votes due to needing to attend to a close family member in the hospital. For Roll Call Vote 267, the amendment of-fered by Congressman THORNBERRY , I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ For Roll Call Vote 268, final passage of the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Syn-thetic Analogues Act, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
HONORING GEORGE MATTHEW COCKERTON 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. George Matthew Cockerton, a veteran school administrator, who is retiring after serving twenty-seven years in the Kelseyville Unified School District. Mr. Cockerton was born in Oakland, CA, and has two adult children, Cori and Ryan. He attended California Polytechnic State Univer-sity in San Louis Obispo and California State University, East Bay where he received his Bachelor’s degree in Kinesiology and his teaching credential. He also earned a Master’s degree in Education and an Administrative Credential from the University of San Fran-cisco and received a Tier II Clear Administra-tive Credential from National University. Mr. Cockerton began his career in education as a Physical Education teacher, Athletic Di-rector and Coach in 1985. In 1991, he be-came the Vice Principal and Athletic Director of Kelseyville High School. Mr. Cockerton was the Principal of Mountain Vista Middle School from 1996 to 1997. He has been Principal of Kelseyville High School since 1997. He is a member of the California Association of Teachers and the Association of California School Administrators. He was also a member of the Coastal Mountain Conference, a local high school sports league, for twenty-seven years and served as president for two years. Mr. Cockerton has been active in our com-munity. He is a long time coach for Westshore Little League Baseball and has served on their board. He is also a coach for Westshore Youth Football, where he has been the Presi-dent of the organization. Mr. Speaker, George Matthew Cockerton has served his community honorably as a school administrator and coach. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here today. 
f 
CELEBRATING MARDELL URISH’S 93RD BIRTHDAY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mardell Urish, who in her 93 years on earth, has lived an inspiring life as one of the nurses in the Cadet Corps in World War II. Ms. Urish raised a farm family of six with the help of her beloved husband, Richard. Throughout her life, she has run two assisted living facility businesses, and still runs one today. Her dedication to ensuring that the el-derly have a home has undoubtedly enriched 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K20JN8.009 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE874 June 20, 2018 
our community and the lives of those she has touched. It is because of dedicated women such as Ms. Mardell Urish that I am especially proud to serve Illinois’ 17th Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally honor Ms. Mardell Urish’s life and her service to this great country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, I experienced delays traveling from Peoria, IL to Washington, D.C. Unfortu-nately, due to a delayed and then canceled flight, I did not make it to D.C. in time for the 6:30 p.m. vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on Roll Call No. 269; yea on Roll Call No. 270; and nay on Roll Call No. 271. 
f 
HONORING THE TOWNSHIP OF MONTCLAIR’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Township of Montclair, County of Essex, New Jersey, on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. The story of Montclair as a settled commu-nity begins with the Crane family. Azariah Crane, his wife Mary Treat Crane, and their son Nathaniel, built a home in 1694 near the present intersection of Orange Road and Myr-tle Avenue. Other pioneers arrived soon after, and the frontier settlement of Cranetown came into being in what is now the southern part of Montclair. During the Revolutionary War, First Moun-tain in Montclair provided observation points for following the movements of the British to the east. A strong tradition holds that both George Washington and the Marquis de La-fayette were in Cranetown briefly in October of 1780. The boulder at the comer of Claremont Avenue and Valley Road marking the site of ‘‘Washington’s Headquarters’’ is one of Montclair’s better-known landmarks. Beginning about 1800, several develop-ments led to the transformation of Cranetown into a small commercial center. One develop-ment was the opening of a general store by Israel Crane. Further, in 1806, Crane led a group of businessmen in obtaining a charter from the State for building the Newark- Pompton Turnpike. Constructed over the next several years, the turnpike came through Montclair as Bloomfield Avenue and vastly in-creased the flow of commerce. Israel Crane broke new ground as well in opening a wool mill on Toney’s Brook. Other small industries followed. Also important for the economic de-velopment of the area was the completion of the Morris Canal in 1831. In 1812, the Bloom-field ward of Newark became a separate town-ship, which included the future Montclair. The village of Cranetown now became known as West Bloomfield and a post office was estab-lished under that name. The most decisive event for the emergence of Montclair was the coming of railroads. By 1860 West Bloomfield was becoming a com-muter town with its own marked identity and influential residents persuaded the post office to adopt the name Montclair. The population of the community grew rap-idly as New York businessmen and their fami-lies began building homes along the mountain-side. The new residents sought to create in Montclair a model ‘‘country town’’ with conven-ient access to the city. Their vision was shared by a notable artist colony that began forming in the 1870’s. A central figure was the landscape painter, George Inness. Able and dedicated community leaders endowed the town with superior schools, an excellent public library, a distinguished art museum and many large and influential churches. By the opening of the 20th century, a richly diverse population characterized the commu-nity. A new influx of New Englanders was joined by African-Americans from the South and by Irish, Germans, Italians, Scandinavians and others newly arrived from Europe. Great mansions went up, but so did many modest homes. Between 1880 and 1930, Montclair’s population leaped from 5,147 to 42,017. The period following World War II was marked by tremendous expansion of the metropolitan area. New suburbs popped up in the hinter-land along with shopping malls and corporate offices. Montclair is home to New Jersey’s second largest public university, Montclair State Uni-versity. Building on a distinguished history dat-ing back to 1908, Montclair State University is a leading institution of higher education in New Jersey. Designated a Research Doctoral University by the Carnegie Classification of In-stitutions of Higher Education, the University’s 11 colleges and schools serve more than 21,000 undergraduate and graduate students with more than 300 doctoral, master’s and baccalaureate programs. Situated on a beau-tiful, 252-acre suburban campus just 12 miles from New York City, Montclair State delivers the instructional and research resources of a large public university in a supportive, sophisti-cated and diverse academic environment. Today Montclair is a community of about 39,000 inhabitants. Its heritage in education has been enhanced by its innovative public and private school educational programs and the expanded offerings at Montclair State Uni-versity. Once again it has become a haven for artists and writers. This is a seasoned commu-nity whose many old houses enhance its charm, yet at the dawn of a new century, Montclair remains alive to the spirit of the times. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating the Town-ship of Montclair on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. IN RECOGNITION OF CARMINE PALOMBO FOR HIS YEARS OF DISTINGUISHED LEADERSHIP AT SEMCOG HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Carmine Palombo of the Southeast Michigan Council of Governments (SEMCOG). His leadership efforts have been critical in serving southeast Michigan for decades. After receiving his bachelor degree in civil engineering from the University of Detroit Mercy, Mr. Palombo started what would be a lifelong career in southeast Michigan. Since he was young, he has had a deep interest for transportation planning and bettering accessi-bility throughout the state he loves. He has served in various roles related to transpor-tation planning since joining SEMCOG almost 40 years ago. SEMCOG supports local plan-ning with coordinated intergovernmental re-sources and serves to improve the quality of transportation systems and encourage eco-nomic development. Mr. Palombo has played an integral role in furthering SEMCOG’s mis-sion throughout his career. Mr. Palombo has served as SEMCOG’s di-rector of transportation planning for over 20 years and played a key role in many statewide transportation efforts. Throughout southeast Michigan, Mr. Palombo is known for his dedi-cation to his work and keen understanding of the needs of various Michigan communities. He has been at the forefront of Michigan’s transit changes over the past two decades and plays a key role in the decision-making processes that occur in communities through-out southeast Michigan. In addition to his work with SEMCOG, he has served as Chairman of the Michigan Transportation Asset Manage-ment Council and is a former chair of the Michigan Intelligent Transportation Systems board of directors. Mr. Palombo has had a tre-mendous impact on the future of Michigan’s transportation infrastructure, and we look for-ward to his continued positive impact on our state in the coming years. We know his next chapter will continue to help all of us. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Carmine Palombo upon his retire-ment for his leadership at SEMCOG and in the southeast Michigan community. Mr. Palombo’s career and efforts have been crit-ical to transit innovation in our state. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-SARY OF WOODVIEW ASSOCI-ATES 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it gives me great pleasure to rise today to extend my sin-cere congratulations to the Gianotti family and the residents of Woodview Associates as they celebrate the 40th Anniversary of this very special apartment community. With a vision well before its time, Howard and Elizabeth Gianotti built Woodview to en-sure that they elderly and disabled of their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.017 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE875 June 20, 2018 
community would have an affordable, beau-tiful, and safe place to live as they enjoyed their twilight years. With Howard as the driving force and Betty as the quiet compass by his side, that vision soon became a reality. In Howard’s words, he ‘‘wanted to build a place that he would be proud to have my mother live.’’ Woodview is well known as a safe, beautiful housing facility, however, it is the special care that they provide to their residents that make it a real home instead of just somewhere to live. Today, their daughter Robbin, along with her husband, Don, and their children Rachel and Don, Jr., continue that legacy overseeing the property and management of what is argu-ably the most sought after subsidized housing in East Haven, Connecticut. Caring for our elderly population has be-come a national issue as America’s ‘‘baby boomers’’ are growing older, and safe, afford-able housing is needed more than ever. Addi-tionally, those who suffer from disabilities are in growing need of facilities which will meet their needs as well. By providing our seniors and disabled with affordable housing, Woodview gives its residents so much more than shelter from the elements—they are giv-ing them pride, comfort, independence and stability. I want to extend a special note of thanks and congratulations to Robbin and her family. Though Howard and Betty are no longer with us, they are ensuring that their legacy con-tinues to leave an indelible mark on this com-munity. I thank them for their invaluable con-tributions and continued dedication to their residents—they have set a standard of serv-ice, compassion, and commitment that in-spires us all. Once again, my heartfelt con-gratulations to them on this remarkable mile-stone—Happy 40th Anniversary. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ERIC A. ‘‘RICK’’ CRAWFORD 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, yesterday my flight was diverted to Richmond due to in-clement weather surrounding the capital, caus-ing me to miss evening votes. Had I been able to, I would have voted for bills that passed the House last evening on suspension of the rules. 
f 
CHINA MUST END PERSECUTION OF THE FALUN GONG 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 2018 marks the 19th year since the Communist government in Beijing banned the practice of Falun Gong. We must remember how the Chi-nese government has purposefully denied the human rights of so many over the last 20 years. The Falun Gong movement stands for some of mankind’s most respected virtues: truthful-ness, compassion, and tolerance. The Chi-nese government saw this peaceful movement growing, and rather than embrace it, they have taken every possible step to destroy it. So the Communists took away Falun Gong’s most basic human right: the right to live and worship freely. The Chinese government’s top priority is not its citizens, but staying in power at all costs, even if it means persecuting the most peaceful among them. Beijing’s evil knows no limits. We know they murder many Falun Gong practitioners and harvested their organs for profit. We know this shameful practice is going on, because brave men and women have come forward, including family members, practitioners, and even vic-tims themselves. The evidence is undeniable. This practice is a billion dollar business for the Chinese government. Organ harvesting is the number one source of revenue for Chi-nese medical centers. The Chinese govern-ment makes a profit while silencing a group it sees as threatening. They think they cannot lose. But they can’t silent us. We know what is going on behind closed doors. And we will not remain silent. Recent reports suggest that tens of thou-sands of transplants annually are funding the construction of new hospital wings devoted solely to these illicit procedures. The Chinese government recognizes only a fraction of these transplants, they claim most of their transplant organs come from prisoners on death row. The report verified that 712 med-ical institutions perform transplants in China, but estimates from the Executive Chairman of the China Organ Transplant Alliance are well over 1,000, many of which are undocumented. According to their own staff, some of these hospitals perform thousands of transplants every year. Obviously, the Chinese Communist Party is lying. Dishonesty is standard practice for the CCP. And yet, we will keep fighting back. This fight has not been easy. Many have loved ones in jail right now. Others have been tor-tured. Others have simply disappeared. I applaud all who continue to stand up for what is right. Their presence is a testament that no matter how hard Beijing tries to elimi-nate the Falun Gong, they will fail. I am proud to stand with them after all they have endured. As a former judge from Texas, justice is of the utmost importance to me. I feel a duty to speak out against the most egregious wrongs committed against innocent people. The world must recognize China as an enemy of human rights. The Falun Gong practice peace. We must protect the rights given to all of us by our Creator. And that’s just the way it is. f 
CONGRATULATING WILLIAM WUNDRAM ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER 74 YEARS OF HONORABLE SERVICE TO THE QUAD-CITY TIMES NEWSPAPER 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize columnist William ‘‘Bill’’ Wundram for 74 years of honorable service to the Quad- City Times newspaper. Mr. Wundram is a pil-lar in the Quad Cities community, and his knowledge and ability to generate creative ideas will be missed. Bill Wundram has made a longstanding ca-reer of writing stories that are substantive, in-teresting, and newsworthy for the Quad-City Times. Of his 39 years as a columnist, 36 were spent writing 7 days a week. This has been hailed by many as a marvelous feat for American journalists. Bill has achieved count-less accolades: a green space named William Wundram Parkway, becoming the ‘‘Honorary Mayor for Life’’ in Davenport, Iowa, and a bronze statue in Bix Plaza in front of the Quad-City Times will forever stand in his honor. As a former journalist, Bill’s legacy and contributions have a special place in my heart. He understands what it takes to create a good story, and presents it in a way that is engag-ing to his audience. His career reached be-yond writing, as he connected to the hearts of the people in our community. The skillset and historical knowledge that Bill possesses is something that can never be replaced. Yet at the age of 93, Bill Wundram has decided to rest his pen and enjoy retirement alongside his wife Helen and dog Molly. It is because of dedicated citizens like Bill that I proudly serve the people of the 17th Dis-trict of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would like to for-mally congratulate William Wundram on a tre-mendous career. I join the rest of the commu-nity in thanking him for the contributions he has made to journalism, and for setting an ex-ample of how to live a life of excellence. f 
TRIBUTE TO SANDY HILDING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sandy Hilding of Shenandoah, Iowa, on her retire-ment as principal of Shenandoah High School in Shenandoah, Iowa. Sandy has served as principal there since 2008. Sandy is a native of Fort Madison, Iowa. After graduating high school, she started work-ing at the HyVee Food Store and transferred to Shenandoah, Iowa in the 1980s. She also worked at the Eaton Corporation in Shen-andoah, Iowa when she realized her passion was in education and working with children. Sandy received her education degree from Peru State College in Peru, Nebraska. She began teaching mathematics in 1991 at Shen-andoah High School and in 2002, she accept-ed a position as principal/athletic director at Farragut Community Schools in Farragut, Iowa. Six years later, she returned to Shen-andoah High School as principal. Sandy has a reputation for working hard and being dedi-cated to her students and high school. Mr. Speaker, I applaud and congratulate Sandy Hilding on her career and retirement. Sandy has made a difference by helping and serving others. It is with great honor that I rec-ognize her today. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in acknowledging her accomplishments in edu-cation. I thank her for her service to the Shen-andoah community and wish her all the best in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.021 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE876 June 20, 2018 
OVERDOSE PREVENTION AND PA-TIENT SAFETY ACT, H.R. 6082, AND IMD CARE ACT, H.R. 5797 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, today I was un-able to vote for two important bills that add to the House’s ongoing efforts to combat the opioid and substance abuse crisis in America. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on H.R. 6082, the Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act, to align 42 CFR Part 2 with HIPAA privacy regulations, allowing doctors to provide the best medical care for patients who suffer from the crippling disease that is sub-stance use disorder. Doctors cannot treat a whole patient with half a medical record. I would also have voted Yes on the IMD Care Act, H.R. 5797 to expand treatment options for patients. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BOB GIBBS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, due to inclement weather conditions, my flight from Columbus, OH to Washington, D.C. was canceled and I was unable to arrive in time for 6:30 p.m. votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 269; YEA on Roll Call No. 270; and YEA on Roll Call No. 271. 
f 
HONORING THE IOVANNE FAMILY AND FUNERAL HOME ON 90 YEARS OF DEDICATED SERVICE 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with a warm heart that I rise today to congratulate the Iovanne family on the 90th Anniversary of Iovanne Funeral Home—a remarkable mile-stone for this New Haven institution. Now run by the third generation of the family and lo-cated in the heart of Wooster Square, the neighborhood of my own childhood, Iovanne’s is a bedrock of our community. Founded in 1928 by E. William Iovanne and his wife, Angelina, the Iovanne Funeral Home was established in a time when wakes and fu-nerals were held in family homes. As time passed and traditions changed, they found a new home at 11 Wooster Place where they continue to operate today. With the unex-pected passing of his father, Bill Sr. took the helm of the family business and has served his profession with honor and distinction for more than forty years. Today, Bill Iovanne, Jr., better known in the neighborhood as simply Billy, is the family’s third generation to serve as President. Having learned at the feet of his grandmother and father, Billy keeps his grand-parents’ original motto of ‘‘always treat a per-son the way you want them to treat you’’ close at heart as he and his staff help guide families through the loss of those closest to them. The Wooster Square neighborhood has al-ways been the heart of New Haven’s Italian- American community and is home to many iconic businesses and cultural institutions— Sally’s and Pepe’s Pizza, St. Michael’s Church, Columbus Park, Libby’s, the St. An-drew’s Society, the Santa Maria Maddalena Society, and, of course, Iovanne’s. Each has played a role in the community’s rich history and continue to help shape its future. The Iovanne family, particularly Bill Sr. and Billy, are not only neighborhood business owners, they are dedicated and devoted members of the community. They have both long devoted their time and energies to ensuring the preser-vation of the Wooster Square neighborhood and its Italian-American roots. That is why they were honored by the Greater New Haven Columbus Day Parade Committee in 2012 as that year’s Grand Marshalls. There are few that families trust more with the final celebration of life for their loved ones than the Iovannes. There are no words of thanks for the care and compassion they pro-vide to their clients during that most difficult time. Indeed, when I lost my own mother, Luisa, last year, there was no question as to who I would entrust with her final arrange-ments. I have known the Iovanne family my entire life and am fortunate to call them family. It is my great honor to have the opportunity to stand today to extend my heartfelt congratula-tions to Bill Iovanne, Sr., Bill Iovanne, Jr. and the entire Iovanne family as they celebrate their 90th Anniversary. f 
TRIBUTE TO GERTRUDE AND FRED MATTHIES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Gertrude and Fred Matthies of Walnut, Iowa on the very special occasion of their 75th wedding anni-versary. They were married on June 7, 1943 at the Catholic parsonage in Avoca, Iowa. Gertrude and Fred’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies Iowa values. As they reflect on their 75th anni-versary, I hope it is filled with happy memo-ries. May their commitment grow even strong-er, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 75th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
IN HONOR OF COACH JACK M. POWELL 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a man of purpose, sincerity, and high character, Coach Jack M. Powell. Sadly, Coach Powell passed away on May 12, 2018. His funeral services were held on Satur-day, May 19, at 2:00pm at First Baptist Church of Eufaula in Eufaula, Alabama. The Andalusia, Alabama native was born on March 20, 1922, to the union of George Bennie and Lilla Lawson Powell as one of ten children. A graduate of Pleasant Home High School of Andalusia, Coach played basketball in the state tournament for three years before going on to play basketball at Auburn Univer-sity. Jack was a highly respected coach who also served as an educator for 40 years while at Lockhart and Eufaula High Schools (1947– 1966); Livingston University (1966–1972), and Sparks State Technical College, in Eufaula, Alabama (from 1972 until his retirement). Highlights of his remarkable coaching career include several ‘‘Coach of the Year’’ awards and Hall of Fame inductions; numerous dis-trict, area, regional, state, and all-star cham-pionships; and the establishment of the Tri- State Basketball Try-Out Clinic and Alabama’s Junior Pro Basketball League. He dedicated his life to helping others—es-pecially our most precious resources—young people. He used the season of his life to help others reach their full potential. He was dedi-cated to his craft as both a teacher and a coach. Coach Powell was well respected by his peers, players, students, and colleagues. He knew that his life would be measured not by wins and losses on a sports field, but by the difference he made in the lives of his stu-dents and players. Jack’s faith inspired him to serve through virtually every segment of church life. He served as a Sunday School Teacher for more than 50 years (with his class at First Baptist Church of Eufaula being named after him) and a Sunday School Superintendent. He also served many years as a Deacon and was Chairman of the Deacon Board for 12 years. His walk as a devout Christian was the foun-dation of his life. His greatest role in life was that of a dedi-cated husband to his late wife, Opal, and lov-ing father to his two sons, Doyle and John. While I did not know Jack personally, I know his son, John, the Executive Director of the American Peanut Shellers Association, which is based in Albany, Georgia. It has been said that the tree is known by the fruit it bears. If that is true, Coach Jack M. Powell was truly a fine and exemplary man, having molded and shaped the character of his devoted and lov-ing son-John. John was a dutiful son and throughout his dad’s life, especially in his sun-set years, he truly honored his father as ad-ministered by the scriptures. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and I, along with more than 730,000 people of the Second Congressional District in extending condolences to his family, friends and loved ones. To ‘‘God Be the Glory’’ for the life of Coach Jack M. Powell for his contributions to the betterment of human-kind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.026 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE877 June 20, 2018 
RECOGNIZING HAYLEY HULS, PAYTON PECKHAM, SARAH LITCHFIELD, AND JORDAN PECKHAM FOR THEIR 1A STATE TITLE IN THE 4X400 RELAY 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Hayley Huls, Payton Peckham, Sarah Litchfield, and Jordan Peckham from Farmington High School, for earning the Class lA title for the Illinois State Championship in the 4x400 relay. Hayley Huls, Payton Peckham, Sarah Litchfield, and Jordan Peckham took first in finals with a time of 4:02.92 to claim their title as state champions, and I would like to recog-nize them for their tremendous accomplish-ment. Their dedication and passion for their sport meant that they were determined to win gold. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of hard work and commitment to be awarded such a title. They are an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young tal-ent in our community, and to see them rep-resent Farmington throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Hayley Huls, Payton Peckham, Sarah Litchfield, and Jordan Peckham on their title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing them every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING THE BOROUGH OF BLOOMINGDALE’S 100TH ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Borough of Bloomingdale, County of Passaic, New Jersey, on the occa-sion of its 100th Anniversary. As early as 1700, the Dutch began settling —what is now known today as Bloomingdale, named after the town of Bloomingdale in Hol-land. In 1734, mineral resources were discov-ered in Bloomingdale by Cornelius Board. Board was shown the iron deposits by local natives near the Ringwood River by the Ster-ling Forest. After locating the ore, Board built the first ever small iron furnace in the region. German miners were brought over to work the mine. The mine would change hand two times, first to John and Uzal Ogden and Newark as-sociates, and then to the American Iron Com-pany. This company was London-based, bringing in immigrants from England. Bloomingdale is most known for is the im-portant role it played in the Revolutionary War. One can find a plaque on the Federal Hill His-toric Site that commemorates the Pompton Mutiny on Federal Hill in what is today Bloomingdale. On January 20, 1781, 200–300 Continental soldiers mutinied. Their plan was to march to Trenton to make their demands, which included complaints about food, cloth-ing, and pay. General George Washington de-cided to make an example of these mutinous soldiers, and they were met by General Howe’s army on their way to Trenton. Al-though they were dealt with harshly, Wash-ington did concede to their demands, admit-ting that there was a truth behind them. The aforementioned mining activities in Bloomingdale increased in 1807 when Martin J. Ryerson purchased the mining area from American Iron Company and greatly devel-oped the area by building more furnaces and rolling mills. When he died in 1839, his grand-son who shared his name, Martin J. Ryerson, continued the work. He further established the family name in the town by opening a com-pany general store where the Bloomingdale Laundromat is today. A large portion of the store’s produce came from the animals of the Ryerson farm, especially pigs. As a result, many ‘‘old timers’’ refer to this area of the town as ‘‘Porktown’’. In April 1871, Ryerson continued to expand Bloomingdale’s reputation by introducing the New Jersey Midland Railway to the town. The citizens happily celebrated the first train that came into the town. Bloomingdale did not be-come its own borough until February 23, 1918, when Pompton Township split up to create the three towns of Bloomingdale, Ringwood, and Wanaque. After World War II, Bloomingdale con-structed a housing duplex on borough-owned property to be sold to veterans. In order to honor the men from this region who went to war, a World War II Memorial was constructed by the Borough and the American Legion. Bloomingdale today is a small town with about 8,000 residents, most of whom are of modest means who own their own homes and are employed by small local businesses. Bloomingdale is proud about its ‘‘American Small Town’’ history, as stated by Mayor Jonathon Dunleavy. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating the Borough of Bloomingdale on the occasion of its Cen-tennial Anniversary. 
f 
PROVIDING RELIABLE OPTIONS FOR PATIENTS AND EDU-CATIONAL RESOURCES ACT OF 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ERIK PAULSEN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 19, 2018 Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, the opioid crisis is an epidemic that is impacting every community across the country. It is a crisis that is getting worse and worse. The chances are that everyone knows someone who has been personally affected— wrestling with addiction, providing support to a loved one in recovery, or simply offering com-fort to a friend who may be dealing with loss. For the second consecutive year, American life expectancy has actually declined. Opioid- related overdoses caused more than 33,000 deaths in 2015 and more than 40,000 in 2016. It’s no coincidence that most people are just prescribed opioids to manage their pain even though the government will also pay for hun-dreds of medical devices, physical therapy and non-opioid medications. The fact is many people and providers sim-ply aren’t aware of other, equally effective therapies like medical devices, non-opioid medications and physical therapy. We need to change that. That’s why I authored the Medicare CHOICE Act with my colleague Representa-tive KIND. It which is one of the bills in this package H.R. 5775, the PROPER Act. The CHOICE Act will require Part D drug plans to inform seniors about other, non-ad-dictive pain management therapies that Medi-care covers so that when they get injured or have some other type of pain, they will be able to ask their doctor the right questions to make sure that they receive the most effective and least harmful pain management therapy. Education is important and can be an effec-tive tool for providers and can help make a dif-ference in the fight against opioid addiction. Representatives B
LACK , O’H ALLERAN and C
ROWLEY also have an initiative included in the PROPER Act package to educate seniors about ways they should safely dispose of un-used opioids and how providers should take into account the whole patient when dis-cussing pain. I thank them for their important work. This package has strong bipartisan support and I want to thank my colleagues for working together to get these initiatives moving for ac-tion on the House floor. It will make a difference in addressing an epidemic that continues to bring tragedy and sadness to so many families. Madam Speaker, I am glad that we are tak-ing action to educate seniors on their alter-native pain management therapies, how they can safely get rid of unused opioids, and how providers should look at the whole patient when delivering advice for pain management. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LINDA CARTER’S DISTINGUISHED CA-REER IN PUBLIC EDUCATION 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Linda Carter for her outstanding career in public education. Ms. Carter has served the city of Ann Arbor and its young people well through her work with the Ann Arbor Educators Association. After graduating from the University of Michigan with two music education degrees, Ms. Carter started a career in Ann Arbor Pub-lic Schools. She has taught in every Ann Arbor middle school and most of the elemen-tary schools and took a deep interest in en-gaging with students, parents and faculty dur-ing this time. As a teacher, she catered to the needs of each individual student and helped them achieve success in her class. After years of teaching, Ms. Carter was named vice presi-dent of the Ann Arbor Educators Association in 1990 and became president in 1992. Through her work, she has bettered the lives of countless educators. The Ann Arbor Educators Association rep-resents the educators, administrators and sup-port professionals who work in the Ann Arbor Public School District. As president of the union, Ms. Carter serves as a voice for teach-ers throughout the district. From negotiating contracts to hosting board meetings, she is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.031 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE878 June 20, 2018 
trusted voice in the southeast Michigan edu-cation community and a tireless advocate for education professionals. She is known by her colleagues, local teachers and Ann Arbor offi-cials for her kindness, sharp wit and passion for the education professionals within the school district. Although they may sit on dif-ferent sides of the table, she is well-respected by the 13 superintendents that she has worked with as president of the union. As a result of her leadership efforts, Ann Arbor Public School teachers are consistently recog-nized for their excellent work. She has had a tremendous impact on the direction of public education in Ann Arbor, and her hard work and expertise will be missed. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Linda Carter for her distinguished career in public education. Ms. Carter has ef-fectively served the city of Ann Arbor and its students through her work with the Ann Arbor Educators Association. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SECOND BE-THESDA MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH’S 115TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Second Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church in Al-bany, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership celebrate a remarkable 115 years. The congregation of Second Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church will celebrate this very significant anniversary with celebratory events from July 9 to July 15 at the church in Albany, Georgia. Second Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church was founded in 1903 as ‘‘New Church’’ by Reverend Dan Mosley; Deacons Peter Scott, William Jackson, and Frank Murray; and sev-eral faithful others. Over the years, the church has been served by a number of spiritual leaders, each leaving their lasting mark on the church in some form or fashion. These leaders include Reverends Dan Mosley, Elbert Thomas, Dozier Scott, Wil-liam Boyd, Charles Carr, and Jimmy Ewings, Sr. The strength of the congregation was tested on July 7, 1994, their 91st anniversary, by the horrific flood that devastated Albany, Georgia. Many of the roads were closed and several members were unable to make it to the church, but by the grace of God, none of the church’s members were harmed. In 2001, Pastor Rance Pettibone, Sr. ac-cepted the pastoral invitation and continues to serve as pastor today. He has overseen many internal changes, including the development of the Mission and Vision statements and several new ministries, renovation of numerous areas in the church, installation of the church’s sign, and dedication of the church’s New Fellowship and Education Building. He and his family not only serve the church’s 150 members, but also work hard to serve the surrounding com-munity through their active and expansive min-istries. The story of Second Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church, which began 115 years ago as a small group of people walking in the words of Philippians 4:13 ‘‘I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.’’, is truly an inspiring one of the dedication and perse-verance of a faithful congregation of people who put all their love and trust in the Lord. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to the membership of Second Bethesda Missionary Baptist Church in Albany, Georgia for their long history of coming together through the good and difficult times to praise and worship our Lord and Sav-ior Jesus Christ and for serving the community through Him. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, due to inclem-ent weather, I was unable to attend votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 269; YEA on Roll Call No. 270; and NAY on Roll Call No. 271. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ROCK ISLAND LADY ROCKS FOR WINNING THE CLASS 4A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Rock Island Softball Team, the Lady Rocks, from Rock Island High School, for earning the Class 4A title for the Illinois State Championship in softball. The Lady Rocks took first in finals to claim their title as state champions, and I would like to recognize them for their tremendous ac-complishment. Their dedication and passion for their sport meant that they were deter-mined to win gold. As a former athlete, I un-derstand the amount of hard work and com-mitment to be awarded such a title. They are an example of the importance of dedication and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see them represent Rock Island throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate the Rock Island Lady Rocks Soft-ball Team on their title, and I join the rest of the community in wishing them every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING SALVATORE LUCIANO ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RE-TIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today to join the family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered to extend my deepest thanks and appreciation to Salvatore Luciano as he celebrates his retirement, mark-ing the end of a nearly 50-year career in pub-lic service and Connecticut’s union movement. Sal has dedicated a lifetime to Connecticut’s working families. Beginning his career in 1980 as a social worker with the Connecticut De-partment of Children and Youth Services, Sal spent many years working on behalf of some of our most vulnerable children. Investigating cases of abuse and neglect, Sal worked to en-sure their safety and protection. It was also at this time that he began his involvement with the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME). First serving as a steward in Local 2663, Sal was elected the chapter’s President in 1989 and of AFSCME Council 4 in 1999. In 2001, he left state service when he was ap-pointed Executive Director of Council 4 to fill a vacancy. He would go on to win the election outright in 2002 and has held the position he has served in ever since. Headquartered in New Britain, Connecticut, Council 4 represents 35,000 workers in state and local government as well as the private non-profit sector. Sal has led the fight on behalf of his membership, striving to ensure a fair wage, quality, afford-able health benefits, and security in their re-tirement. Sal has been a vocal and tenacious advocate and his presence at Council 4 will most certainly be missed. Sal’s involvement with Connecticut’s Labor movement extends beyond his work at Council 4. He is also the Executive Vice President of the Connecticut AFL–CIO and a member of the International Executive Board of AFSCME. He serves as a Vice President of the United Labor Agency, (AFL–CIO) and is a Board Member of the State of Connecticut Retire-ment Commission. Sal has dedicated much of himself to improving the quality of life of Con-necticut’s working family—a legacy that will serve as an inspiration to future labor leaders. I have had the pleasure of knowing Sal for many years and have always considered my-self fortunate to have benefitted from his expe-rience and guidance and to call him my friend. Today, as he celebrates his retirement and begins a new chapter, I am honored to have this opportunity to join family, friends, and col-leagues in thanking Salvatore Luciano for his outstanding service to Connecticut and our working families. I wish him all the best for many more years of health and happiness. f 
HONORING THE FIRST PRES-BYTERIAN CHURCH OF HAN-OVER’S 300TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the First Presbyterian Church of Hanover, located in the Township of East Hanover, New Jersey, on the occasion of its 300th Anniversary. While the current First Presbyterian Church of Hanover standing today was built in 1835, the earliest record of the church dates back to September 2, 1718. This church has a long, rich history, and was placed on the New Jer-sey and National Registers of Historic Places in 1977. As the state and country grew, more churches were established in the area, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.034 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE879 June 20, 2018 
seen by the ‘‘sister churches’’ established in Morristown, Madison, and Parsippany. In 1755, the Hanover Church was rebuilt not far from where it currently stands. During the Revolution, the Hanover Church served as a hospital for the quartered soldiers in and around Morristown who had smallpox. Further, uniform buttons of the Continental Army were found during the excavation of the area around the church. This is probably evidence of a common burial ground for the soldiers who did not survive smallpox. Also, the Rev-erend Jacob Green of the Hanover Church played an integral part in the Revolution in that he was a member of the first Provincial Congress and chairman of the committee that drew up the first Constitution of New Jersey. The present church building was con-structed in 1835 from materials that date back to the church from 1755 and trees cut from the surrounding church property. So although it was built about 200 years ago, the actual wood of the church dates to a time about 80 years earlier than that. In fact, the timbers in the current church that date from this time still have the marks from the hooks that once held up the beds in this temporary Revolutionary War hospital. The cemetery surrounding the church is also historically significant. The cemetery adja-cent to the church is home to the graves of many soldiers from the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, the Civil War, World War I, World War II, and various other historic fig-ures. Aaron Kitchell, the first Congressman of New Jersey, is buried here, as is David Young, the author of The Farmer’s Almanac. The church went through many renovations and replacements over the years including the addition of a pulpit alcove in 1871 and the ad-dition of an electric organ in 1912. In order to ensure that this important historical building was preserved, a restoration project was car-ried out from 2005 to 2013, which included in-stalling a new furnace, repairing the structure of the church, and repainting the bell tower. The current building stands as a significant historical monument, as well as a well-main-tained religious meeting place for the greater East Hanover community. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in congratulating the First Presbyterian Church of Hanover on the occa-sion of its 300th Anniversary. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF GREATER UNION MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, June 20, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my sincere congratulations to the congregation of Greater Union Baptist Church in Camilla, Georgia as the church’s membership and leadership cele-brate a remarkable 150 years. The congrega-tion will celebrate this very significant anniver-sary on Sunday, June 24, 2018 at Greater Union Baptist Church. Tracing its roots back to the Reconstruction era, the church was founded in 1868 as ‘‘Union Baptist Church’’. Beginning services were held under a ‘‘Brush Harbor’’ at the Old Newton Railroad in Camilla by a layman known as Brother Blind Jack. The first church building was built on a plot of land located at the intersection of Harney Street and Church Street. Throughout the years, this congrega-tion would expand and later become known as Greater Union Baptist Church. Throughout the years, many ministers have been licensed or ordained from the church, and a number of pastors, deacons, and clerks have contributed to its legacy. Today, Greater Union Baptist Church is led by Reverend E. Matthew Faulk who has done an exceptional job of continuing the great work of his prede-cessors. This ardent community of believers has ex-tended its circle to include more and more members as the years have gone by, though it has never lost its essential character. Today, that same faith and spirit shine on through Greater Union Baptist Church, which has un-dergone several improvements in the past year in order to maintain the beautiful struc-ture of their church building and improve comfortability for their faithful members. The story of Greater Union Baptist Church, which recounts a group of believers coming together through the good and difficult times to praise and worship the Lord, is truly an inspir-ing one that shows the dedication and perse-verance of a faithful congregation who put all their love and trust in God. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Greater Union Baptist Church in Camilla, Georgia for its con-gregation’s enduring commitment despite ad-versity, to each other and to our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ for over 150 years. May their actions continue to inspire the community in courage, in dedication, and in faith. f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 21, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 26 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Lieutenant General Stephen R. Lyons, USA, to be general and Com-mander, United States Transportation Command, Department of Defense. SD–G50 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine prescription drug affordability and innovation, fo-cusing on addressing challenges in to-day’s market. SD–215 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. SD–192 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to increase access to capital. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Teri L. Donaldson, of Texas, to be Inspector General, Christopher Fall, of Virginia, to be Director of the Office of Science, Karen S. Evans, of West Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Cybersecurity, Energy Security and Emergency Response), and Daniel Sim-mons, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy), all of the Department of Energy. SD–366 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the Sur-vivors’ Bill of Rights, focusing on im-plementation and next steps. SD–226 11 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Labor, Department of Health and Human Services, Depart-ment of Education, and Related Agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019. SD–138 2:30 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 3029, to revise and extend the Prematurity Re-search Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act), S. 1112, to support States in their work to save and sus-tain the health of mothers during preg-nancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to eliminate dis-parities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy- associated deaths, to identify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for mothers, S. 808, to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State, S. 3039, to provide funding for the development of a predictive ana-lytics pilot program to help children and families who come to the attention of the child welfare system, an original bill to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act, and the nominations of Scott Stump, of Colorado, to be Assistant Secretary for Career, Technical, and Adult Edu-cation, Department of Education, John Lowry III, of Illinois, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Em-ployment and Training, and other pending nominations. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A20JN8.039 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE880 June 20, 2018 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism To hold hearings to examine protecting our elections, focusing on examining shell companies and virtual currencies as avenues for foreign interference. SD–226 JUNE 27 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 645, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct an assessment and analysis of the effects of broadband deployment and adoption on the economy of the United States, S. 1092, to protect the right of law-abiding citizens to trans-port knives interstate, notwith-standing a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 1896, to amend section 8331 of title 5, United States Code, and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to clarify the treatment of availability pay for Federal air mar-shals and criminal investigators of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, S. 2941, to improve the Coopera-tive Observer Program of the National Weather Service, S. 3094, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transportation security cards until after submission to Congress of the results of an assess-ment of the effectiveness of the trans-portation security card program, H.R. 4254, to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellow-ship opportunities to women, H.R. 4467, to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk-based strategies, H.R. 4559, to conduct a global aviation security review, and the nominations of Karen Dunn Kelley, of Pennsylvania, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce, Heidi R. King, of California, to be Ad-ministrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Communications Commission, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Com-missioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission. SD–106 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine how to re-duce health care costs, focusing on un-derstanding the cost of health care in America. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine FAST–41 and the Federal Permitting Improve-ment Steering Council, focusing on progress to date and next steps. SD–106 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. SD–G50 JUNE 28 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine legislative proposals to examine corporate govern-ance. SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M20JN8.000 E20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D702 Wednesday, June 20, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4253–S4311 Measures Introduced: Ten bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 3092–3101, and S. Res. 552–555.
                                                       Page S4281 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Further Revised Alloca-tion to Subcommittees of Budget Totals for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–280)
      Pages S4280–81 
Measures Passed: American Innovation $1 Coin Act: Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs was dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 770, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and signifi-cant innovation and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, to pro-mote the importance of innovation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S4293 
McConnell (for Murphy/Enzi) Amendment No. 3041, of a perfecting nature.
                               Page S4293 
American Eagle Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 553, designating June 20, 2018, as ‘‘American Eagle Day’’ and celebrating the recovery and restoration of the bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States.
                                                                      Pages S4284–85 
National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Month and Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 554, des-ignating the month of June 2018 as ‘‘National Post- Traumatic Stress Awareness Month’’ and June 27, 2018, as ‘‘National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Day’’.
                                                                        Pages S4285–86 
Freedom of Muslims of the United States: Senate agreed to S. Res. 555, recognizing the freedom of Muslims of the United States to exercise their reli-gion and participate in the civil systems of their country.
                                                                           Page S4286 Measures Considered: Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs Appro-priations Act—Agreement: Senate continued con-sideration of H.R. 5895, making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, tak-ing action on the following amendments and mo-tions proposed thereto:
                Pages S4253–57, S4261–75 
Adopted: By 87 yeas to 9 nays (Vote No. 132), McConnell (for Crapo) Modified Amendment No. 2943 (to Amendment No. 2910), to increase funds for a nu-clear demonstration program.
        Pages S4254–55, S4256 
By 95 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. 133), McConnell (for Baldwin/Portman) Amendment No. 2985 (to Amendment No. 2910), to set aside funds for coop-erative agreements and laboratory support to accel-erate the domestic production of Molybdenum-99. 
                                                                Pages S4255–56, S4256–57 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. 135), Boozman (for Young) Amendment No. 2926 (to Amendment No. 2910), to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the effective-ness of the Veterans Crisis Line.
                Pages S4265–72 
By a unanimous vote of 96 yeas (Vote No. 136), Boozman (for Tester/Baldwin) Amendment No. 2971 (to Amendment No. 2910), to prevent the de-nial of access to records and documents by various inspectors general.
                                                     Page S4272 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 2910, in the nature of a substitute.
                                          Pages S4253–57, S4261–75 
Alexander Amendment No. 2911 (to Amendment No. 2910), to make a technical correction. 
                                                                                    Pages S4253–57 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Shelby Amendment No. 2910 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, June 22, 2018.
                        Page S4275 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D703 June 20, 2018 
vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Shelby Amendment No. 2910.
                                          Page S4275 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:45 a.m., on Thursday, June 21, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S4293 
Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Pro-grams Act: By 48 yeas to 50 nays (Vote No. 134), Senate did not agree to the motion to discharge H.R. 3, to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974.
    Pages S4257–61 
Appointments: United States Commission on International Re-ligious Freedom: The Chair, on behalf of the Presi-dent pro tempore, upon the recommendation of the Democratic Leader, pursuant to Public Law 105–292, as amended by Public Law 106–55, Public Law 107–228, and Public Law 112–75, appointed the following individual to the United States Com-mission on International Religious Freedom: Ahmed M. Khawaja of California.
                                             Page S 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Dino Falaschetti, of Montana, to be Director, Of-fice of Financial Research, Department of the Treas-ury, for a term of six years. Rodney Hood, of North Carolina, to be a Member of the National Credit Union Administration Board for a term expiring August 2, 2023. Kathleen Laura Kraninger, of Ohio, to be Direc-tor, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection for a term of five years. John Fleming, of Louisiana, to be Assistant Sec-retary of Commerce for Economic Development. Michael A. Hammer, of Maryland, a Career Mem-ber of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Re-public of the Congo. Julia Akins Clark, of Maryland, to be a Member of the Merit Systems Protection Board for the term of seven years expiring March 1, 2021. Peter Gaynor, of Rhode Island, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator, Federal Emergency Management Agen-cy, Department of Homeland Security. Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be Presi-dent of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2021. Mark Montgomery, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs. 6 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army.                      Pages S4306–11 
Nominations Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nominations: Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President of the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term expiring January 20, 2021, which was sent to the Senate on October 3, 2017. Ronny Lynn Jackson, of Texas, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs, which was sent to the Senate on April 16, 2018. A routine list in the Foreign Service.
        Page S4311 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4280 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4280 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S4280, S4293 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4281–83 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S4283 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4277–79 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4286–92 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S4292 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. (Total—136)
                             Pages S4256–57, S4261, S4272 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 8:45 p.m., until 9:45 a.m. on Thurs-day, June 21, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4293.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COMBATING MONEY LAUNDERING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Subcommittee on National Security and Inter-national Trade and Finance concluded a hearing to examine combating money laundering and other forms of illicit finance, focusing on how criminal or-ganizations launder money and innovative techniques for fighting them, after receiving testimony from Dennis M. Lormel, DML Associates, LLC, Lansdowne, Virginia; Tracy Woodrow, M and T Bank Corporation, Buffalo, New York; and Chip Poncy, Financial Integrity Network, Fairfax, Vir-ginia. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD704 June 20, 2018 
be a Member of the Federal Communications Com-mission, who was introduced by Senator Moran and Representative Cleaver, and Peter A. Feldman, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of William Charles McIntosh, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Administrator, who was introduced by Senator Daines, and Peter C. Wright, of Michi-gan, to be Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste, who was introduced by Representative Tom Rice, both of the Environmental Protection Agency, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. PROPOSED TARIFF ACTIONS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine current and proposed tariff actions ad-ministered by the Department of Commerce, after receiving testimony from Wilbur L. Ross, Secretary of Commerce. USAID RESOURCES AND REDESIGN Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Agency for Inter-national Development resources and redesign, after receiving testimony from Mark Green, Adminis-trator, United States Agency for International Devel-opment. SUBSISTENCE ACTIVITIES IN NATIVE COMMUNITIES Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine promoting traditional subsistence activities in Native communities, after receiving testimony from Jennifer Hardin, Subsist-ence Policy Coordinator, Office of Subsistence Man-agement, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior; Roy B. Brown, Northern Arapaho Tribe, Fort Washakie, Wyoming; Mary Sattler Peltola, Kuskokwim Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, Bethel, Alaska; and A-dae Romero-Briones, First Na-tions Development Institute, Longmont, Colorado. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., of South Carolina, and Julius Ness Richardson, of South Carolina, both to be a United States Circuit Judge for the Fourth Circuit, who were introduced by Senator Scott, Roy Kalman Alt-man, and Rodolfo Armando Ruiz II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Florida, and Raul M. Arias-Marxuach, to be United States District Judge for the District of Puer-to Rico, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. ELECTION SECURITY PREPARATIONS Committee on Rules and Administration: Committee concluded a hearing to examine election security preparations, focusing on a state and local perspec-tive, including S. 2261, to protect the administra-tion of Federal elections against cybersecurity threats, after receiving testimony form Matthew Masterson, National Protection and Programs Directorate, De-partment of Homeland Security; John R. Ashcroft, Missouri Secretary of State, Jefferson City; Jim Condos, Vermont Secretary of State, Montpelier; Steve Simon, Minnesota Secretary of State, Saint Paul; Noah Praetz, Cook County Director of Elec-tions, Chicago, Illinois; and Shane Schoeller, Greene County Clerk, Springfield, Missouri. RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE IN 2016 ELECTIONS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded open and closed hearings to examine the policy re-sponse to Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, after receiving testimony from Vic-toria Nuland, Center for a New American Security, and Michael Daniel, Cyber Threat Alliance, both of Washington, D.C. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6156–6170; 1 private bill, H.R. 6171; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 124; and H. Res. 951–955 were introduced.                         Page H5362 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H5363 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D705 June 20, 2018 
H.R. 5925, to codify provisions relating to the Office of National Drug Control, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–767, Part 1); H.R. 3392, to provide for stability of title to cer-tain land in the State of Louisiana, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–768); H.R. 6157, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–769); H. Res. 952, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–770); H. Res. 953, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6136) to amend the immigration laws and provide for border security, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–771); and H. Res. 954, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4760) to amend the immigration laws and the homeland security laws, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–772).
                                                Page H5361 
Recess: The House recessed at 9:34 a.m. and recon-vened at 10 a.m.
                                                        Page H5292 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Mark Schiftan, The Temple: Congregation Ohabai Sholom, Nashville, TN. 
                                                                                    Pages H5292–93 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H5293, H5347 
Motion to Fix Next Convening Time: Agreed to the Burgess motion that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, June 21st for Morning Hour debate, by a yea-and-nay vote of 222 yeas to 184 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 272.
                               Pages H5302–03 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Coordinated Response through Interagency Strategy and Information Sharing Act: H.R. 5925, amended, to codify provisions relating to the Office of National Drug Control.
                            Pages H5304–25 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:42 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:45 p.m. Individuals in Medicaid Deserve Care that is Ap-propriate and Responsible in its Delivery Act: The House passed H.R. 5797, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow States to provide under Medicaid services for certain individuals with opioid use disorders in institutions for mental dis-eases, by a yea-and-nay vote of 261 yeas to 155 nays, Roll No. 276.
                                  Pages H5335–44, H5344–45 Rejected the Castor (FL) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 190 yeas to 226 nays, Roll No. 275. 
                                                                Pages H5342–44, H5344–45 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce now printed in the bill, modified by the amendment printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–766, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. 
                                                                                            Page H5338 
Agreed to: Rush amendment (No. 1 printed in part D of H. Rept. 115–766) that expands treatment coverage to individuals suffering from cocaine use disorder (which includes crack cocaine); and
         Pages H5339–40 
Kildee amendment (No. 2 printed in part D of H. Rept. 115–766) that adds two requirements to the report that States are required to submit; the first would be information regarding the number of indi-viduals suffering from co-occuring disorders and the disorders from which they suffer and the second would be information regarding access to community care for individuals suffering from a mental illness other than substance use disorder.
            Pages H5340–41 
Withdrawn: Fitzpatrick amendment (No. 3 printed in part D of H. Rept. 115–766) that was offered and subse-quently withdrawn that would have provided flexi-bility for States to allow the State plan amendment to include assessments to determine level of care and length of stay recommendations based upon criteria established or endorsed by a State agency pursuant to 1932(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Public Health Service Act. 
                                                                                    Pages H5341–42 
H. Res. 949, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6), (H.R. 5797), and (H.R. 6082) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 274, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 221 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 273.
               Pages H5294–H5302, H5303–04 
Overdose Prevention and Patient Safety Act: The House passed H.R. 6082, to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records, by a yea-and- nay vote of 357 yeas to 57 nays, Roll No. 278. 
                                                                Pages H5325–35, H5346–47 
Rejected the Pallone motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 175 yeas to 240 nays, Roll No. 277. 
                                                                Pages H5333–35, H5346–47 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD706 June 20, 2018 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–75 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H5325 
H. Res. 949, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 6), (H.R. 5797), and (H.R. 6082) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 274, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 221 yeas to 185 nays, Roll No. 273.
               Pages H5294–H5302, H5303–04 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:57 p.m. and recon-vened at 10:30 p.m.
                                                 Page H5360 
Senate Referral: S. 2269 was held at the desk. Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today and appears on page H5294. Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5302–03, H5303–04, H5304, H5344–45, H5345, H5346, and H5346–47. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:31 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the FY 2019 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill; and the Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allo-cations for FY 2019. The FY 2019 State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Bill was ordered reported, as amended. The Revised Report on Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY2019 was ordered reported, without amendment. MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM REFORM: PAIN MANAGEMENT, OPIOIDS PRESCRIPTION MANAGEMENT AND REPORTING TRANSPARENCY Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Military Health System Reform: Pain Management, Opioids Prescription Management and Reporting Trans-parency’’. Testimony was heard from Vice Admiral Raquel C. Bono, Director, Defense Health Agency; and Captain Mike Colston, M.D., Director, Mental Health Policy and Oversight, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Budget: Full Committee began a markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019. OCCUPATIONAL LICENSING: REDUCING BARRIERS TO ECONOMIC MOBILITY AND GROWTH Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Higher Education and Workforce De-velopment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Occupational Li-censing: Reducing Barriers to Economic Mobility and Growth’’. Testimony was heard from Bryan A. Schneider, Secretary, Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation; and public witnesses. THE BENEFITS OF TAX REFORM ON THE ENERGY SECTOR AND CONSUMERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Benefits of Tax Reform on the Energy Sector and Consumers’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINATION OF THE GAO AUDIT SERIES OF HHS CYBERSECURITY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of the GAO Audit Series of HHS Cy-bersecurity’’. Testimony was heard from Sherri Berger, Chief Operating Officer, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; Suzi Connor, Chief Informa-tion Officer, Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion; Beth Killoran, Chief Information Officer, De-partment of Health and Human Services; and Greg Wilshusen, Director, Information Security Issues, Government Accountability Office. A portion of this hearing was closed. EMPOWERING A PRO-GROWTH ECONOMY BY CUTTING TAXES AND REGULATORY RED TAPE Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering a Pro-Growth Econ-omy by Cutting Taxes and Regulatory Red Tape’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ILLICIT USE OF VIRTUAL CURRENCY AND THE LAW ENFORCEMENT RESPONSE Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Il-licit Use of Virtual Currency and the Law Enforce-ment Response’’. Testimony was heard from Gregory Nevano, Deputy Assistant Director, Illicit Trade, Travel, and Finance Division, Homeland Security In-vestigations, Department of Homeland Security; Robert Novy, Deputy Assistant Director, Office of Investigations, U.S. Secret Service, Department of Homeland Security; and Thomas Ott, Associate Di-rector, Enforcement Division, Financial Crimes En-forcement Network, Department of the Treasury. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D707 June 20, 2018 
U.S. POLICY TOWARD AFGHANISTAN Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Toward Afghanistan’’. Testimony was heard from Alice G. Wells, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, Department of State. THE TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT: OUTCOMES AND OVERSIGHT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Trump- Kim Summit: Outcomes and Oversight’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HUMAN RIGHTS CONCERNS IN SRI LANKA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights Concerns in Sri Lanka’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 6106, the ‘‘Common Sense Per-mitting Act’’. H.R. 6106 was ordered reported, as amended. HOLDING CUBAN LEADERS ACCOUNTABLE Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Holding Cuban Leaders Accountable’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. SECURING AMERICA’S FUTURE ACT; BORDER SECURITY AND IMMIGRATION REFORM ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 4760, the ‘‘Securing America’s Future Act’’; and H.R. 6136, the ‘‘Border Security and Immigra-tion Reform Act’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a rule providing for the consider-ation of H.R. 6136 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate, with 40 minutes equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 4760 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate, with 40 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the amendment printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit. The Committee granted a second rule on H.R. 4760. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a rule providing for the consideration of H.R. 4760 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate, with 40 minutes equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the amendments printed in the Rules Committee report shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Goodlatte and Representative Lofgren. COMMUNITIES THAT THINK SMALL AND WIN BIG Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Communities That Think Small and Win Big’’. Testimony was heard from Gregg Bishop, Commissioner, New York City Department of Small Business Services; and public witnesses. UPDATE ON IRS AND DOJ EFFORTS TO RETURN SEIZED FUNDS TO TAXPAYERS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Oversight held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update on IRS and DOJ Efforts to Return Seized Funds to Tax-payers’’. Testimony was heard from John P. Cronan, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Criminal Divi-sion, Department of Justice; and Don Fort, Chief, Criminal Investigation, Internal Revenue Service. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD708 June 20, 2018 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: business meeting to markup an original bill making appropriations for the Depart-ment of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, an original bill making appropriations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and an original bill making appropriations for Fi-nancial Services and General Government for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Gordon D. Sondland, of Wash-ington, to be Representative of the United States of America to the European Union, with the rank and status of Ambassador, Ronald Gidwitz, of Illinois, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Belgium, Cherith Norman Cha-let, of New Jersey, to be Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Man-agement and Reform, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the United Nations for U.N. Management and Reform, and Brian A. Nichols, of Rhode Island, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Zimbabwe, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 2245, to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand, S. 2823, to modernize copyright law, and the nominations of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, David James Porter, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Holly A. Brady, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Indiana, Andrew Lynn Brasher, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, James Patrick Hanlon, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Indiana, David Steven Morales, to be United States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas, Lance E. Walker, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Maine, Edward W. Felten, of New Jersey, and Jane Nitze, of the District of Colum-bia, both to be a Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board, and John D. Jordan, to be United States Marshal for the Eastern District of Missouri, De-partment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Technology Transfer: Threats, Impacts, and Solutions for the Department of Defense’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Mishap Prevention-a Progress Report’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, continue markup on the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2019, 9 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, hearing en-titled ‘‘Growth, Opportunity, and Change in the U.S. Labor Market and the American Workforce: A Review of Current Developments, Trends, and Statistics’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, markup on H.R. 1320, the ‘‘Nuclear Utilization of Keynote Energy Act’’; H.R. 6140, the ‘‘Advanced Nu-clear Fuel Availability Act’’; legislation on the Advancing U.S. Civil Nuclear Competitiveness and Jobs Act; and H.R. 6141, to require the Secretary of Energy to develop a report on a pilot program to site, construct, and operate micro-reactors at critical national security locations, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Full Committee, markup on H.R. 5970, the ‘‘Modern-izing Disclosures for Investors Act’’; H.R. 6130, the ‘‘Helping Startups Continue to Grow Act’’; and legisla-tion on the ‘‘Improving Investment Research for Small and Emerging Issuers Act’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Russian and Chinese Nuclear Arsenals: Posture, Pro-liferation, and the Future of Arms Control’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Courts, In-tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining The Need for New Federal Judges’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 4599, the ‘‘Rock Creek National Park Act of 2017’’; H.R. 5148, the ‘‘Protect Public Use of Public Lands Act’’; H.R. 5149, the ‘‘Unlocking Public Lands Act’’; H.R. 5613, the ‘‘Quindaro Townsite Na-tional Historic Landmark Act’’; and H.R. 5727, the ‘‘Emery County Public Land Management Act of 2018’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 4644, the ‘‘Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act’’; and H.R. 5859, the ‘‘Education and Energy Act of 2018’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘State Perspectives on Regulating Background Ozone’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Accel-erating Agriculture: How Federal Regulations Impact America’s Small Farmers’’, 10:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D709 June 20, 2018 Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘PIPES Act of 2016 Implementa-tion: Oversight of Pipeline Safety Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘More Than Just Filling Vacancies: A Closer Look at VA Hiring Authorities, Recruiting, and Retention’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, markup on legislation on the ‘‘Reducing Drug Waste Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6138, the ‘‘Ambulatory Surgical Center Pay-ment Transparency Act of 2018’’; H.R. 4952, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study and submit a report on the effects of the inclu-sion of quality increases in the determination of blended benchmark amounts under part C of the Medicare Pro-gram; H.R. 3500, The ‘‘Ensuring Integrity in the IRS Workforce Act of 2017’’; H.R. 519, the ‘‘Water and Ag-riculture Tax Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 6124, the ‘‘Tribal Social Security Fairness Act of 2018’’; H.R. 6084, the ‘‘Improving Social Security’s Service to Victims of Identity Theft Act’’, 9 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘DIA Roles and Mission’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to re-ceive a briefing on illicit trade, 1 p.m., SR–485. Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine the need for United States leadership on digital trade, 2:30 p.m., 2318, Rayburn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD710 June 20, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:45 a.m., Thursday, June 21 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, June 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 4760—‘‘Securing America’s Future Act’’ (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 6136—Border Secu-rity and Immigration Reform Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E876, E878, E879 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E871, E872, E873, E875, E877, E878 Clark, Katherine M., Mass., E871 Collins, Doug, Ga., E870 Crawford, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’, Ark., E875 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E874, E876, E878 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E874, E877 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E876 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E874, E877, E878 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E869 Gibbs, Bob, Ohio, E876 Graves, Sam, Mo., E870, E871, E871, E871, E873 Green, Gene, Tex., E870 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E871 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E874 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E873 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E869 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E870, E873 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E870 Paulsen, Erik, Minn., E877 Poe, Ted, Tex., E869, E870, E875 Price, David E., N.C., E869 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E878 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E870 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E872 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E873 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E872 Young, David, Iowa, E871, E873, E875, E876 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:57 Jun 21, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D20JN8.REC D20JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST