Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7691 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 2018 No. 126 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
URTIS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, July 26, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHN R. C
URTIS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. As the Members of this people’s House return to their respective districts for the August re-cess, grant them the generosity to serve You as You deserve, to give of their industry and not count the cost, to fight for their convictions and not heed the political wounds, to toil and not seek for rest, to labor and not ask for reward, except for knowing that, in being their best selves, they do Your will. Bless the Members’ constituents, many of whom will be traveling with their families in the month to come. May their recreation be safe and their time together time to be remembered with great joy. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BROWN of Maryland led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SARA CATALAN (Mr. ROYCE of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to express my gratitude to my deputy chief of staff, Sara Catalan, for her many years of service to the people of our congressional dis-trict. I am indebted to her for her faithful service, her good work, sound judgment, and perseverance. Constituents have often thanked me for the attention and assistance they received from her and the dedicated district staff that she put together and managed. Her passion for public policy is evi-dent to all who have worked with her. She has been vital to my outreach and proactive engagement with the diverse communities of the district, ensuring that everyone is heard. She has also been valuable in assist-ing me with my efforts to prevent stalking, support victims of crime, strengthen education, and combat human trafficking. I have always relied upon her counsel and appreciate her forthrightness and her integrity. As she leaves my office and begins the next phase of her career working for a member of the California State Senate, I know she will continue to serve the people of California well. f 
REUNITE EVERY CHILD IMMEDIATELY (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, today is the deadline for the Trump administration to reunite more than 2,500 children with their families. It is clear to me that they are not going to make this deadline. Hundreds of parents have been de-ported without their children. HHS has not been able to identify the parents of nearly 100 children. Even when the administration re-unites children and parents, there is only chaos and confusion: Reunifications are occurring in park-ing lots in the middle of the night; Parents are not being informed of their rights and are desperately giving up their chance to stay in this country. They don’t have access to lawyers; After reunification, there is no ra-tionale in deciding which families are released and which are sent to deten-tion centers. This entire process is unacceptable and abhorrent. That is why I am intro-ducing legislation to immediately ap-point a single authority to oversee re-unification across the government. We need someone to effectively manage this process. No more excuses. No more delays. Mr. Speaker, we have to reunite every child immediately. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.000 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7692 July 26, 2018 
CONGRATULATING BROOKVILLE EQUIPMENT CORPORATION ON ITS CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Brookville Equipment Corporation on its centennial anniversary. For 100 years, Brookville Equipment Corporation has been a leading Amer-ican manufacturer of diesel locomotive engines, street trollies, and mining ma-chinery. In 1918, Mr. L.A. Leathers founded Brookville Locomotive Works when he started installing railroad wheels on gasoline-powered trucks. The company went into full-scale production of gasoline- and diesel-powered loco-motives following World War I. Over the course of its history, Brookville has constantly redesigned and adapted its machines with new technology to keep up with thriving in-dustry needs. It has also prevailed over many chal-lenges, including a flood on July 19, 1996, where more than 8 feet of water nearly drowned the company. With the help of Brookville’s dedicated work-force, its family and friends, they were able to restore the facility to 100 per-cent production in just 1 month. The U.S. Small Business Administra-tion recognized Brookville for its resil-ience with an award in 1999. Mr. Speaker, since 1918, the name Brookville has meant quality. I wish them much continued success for years to come. 
f 
ADDRESSING THE NEED FOR UP-DATED CRITICAL EMERGENCY ALERT SYSTEMS (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, on Jan-uary 13, earlier this year, there was a text message that was sent out to over a million phones across the State of Hawaii that read: ‘‘Ballistic missile threat inbound to Hawaii. Seek imme-diate shelter. This is not a drill.’’ Now, this turned out to be a false alarm, but this message terrified resi-dents and visitors all across our State and revealed deep gaps within an alert system, preparedness measures, and communication channels at every level of government. In the months since, my colleagues from Hawaii and I have introduced sev-eral pieces of legislation to address the problems that led to and contributed to this false alert going out so that we can try to prevent something like this from happening again, not only in Ha-waii but anywhere in the country. We have introduced the READI Act to expand delivery of critical emer-gency alerts to cellphones, TVs, and ra-dios; recognize, with technology, the new ways that people are getting infor-mation; and see how we can get alerts through streaming services like Pan-dora, Spotify, Netflix, and others. Ensuring that we take these steps now, ahead of any future disaster, is critical for every community across this country, and I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting and passing this timely and important legislation. f 
RECOGNIZING SAM SNIPES (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a legendary human being in Bucks County, Penn-sylvania, who is celebrating his 100th birthday. Morrisville resident Sam Snipes has lived a life defined by service and com-munity. Following in his father’s foot-steps in the legal community, Sam founded the Yardley firm Snipes & Col-lins after graduating from Temple Law School and Haverford College. Sam served as a dedicated public servant for nearly three decades as the Falls Township solicitor. For his com-munity service, Sam was honored with the United Way of Bucks County Founders Award and the Mark E. Gold-berg Award from the Bucks County Bar Association, among many other dis-tinctions. Sam truly embodies dedication to our home of Bucks County. He still lives on the Snipes Farm, where he grew up, makes frequent appearances in parades and other community events, and serves on several boards. Mr. Speaker, Sam is truly a legend, and we wish him a very happy 100th birthday and thank him for being a bright beacon of hope in our commu-nity in so many ways. Happy birthday, Sam. 
f 
YOUTH DRUG ABUSE (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give a voice to millions of Americans who are at risk of being overlooked in our Nation’s response to the opioid epi-demic, America’s youth. Our Nation’s opioid crisis knows no boundaries of geography or demo-graphics, and age—age—is no excep-tion. One of four individuals under the age of 20 has been prescribed opioids at some point in life, and 2.2 million young people between the ages of 20 and 24 abused opioids in the last year. Opioid abuse early in life often leads to poorer academic performance, more negative health outcomes, and higher rates of future drug use. In order to prevent the next genera-tion of drug abuse, we have to ramp up our investment in critical programs like drug-free communities grants and substance abuse prevention and treat-ment block grants. We can also help young people build resilience by supporting our school- based health centers, where students are able to get healthcare in a conven-ient setting. When students are empow-ered to meet with healthcare providers, ask questions, and receive needed care, they can become powerful advocates in turning the tide of this epidemic around. f 
TRADE ASSISTANCE FOR FARMERS (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and ask my col-leagues to join me in supporting my bill, H.R. 6483, the Trade Assistance for Farmers Act. As a member of the House Agri-culture Committee and a proud rep-resentative of Delaware, where 99 per-cent of our farms are family owned and 1 in 4 acres are permanently preserved for farmland, we have seen firsthand the impact of retaliatory tariffs. Over the past 60 days, soybean and corn farmers across the country have suffered over $13 billion in losses, and, according to the Delaware Department of Agriculture, our soybean and corn farmers have lost $28 million. Delaware is a microcosm of the coun-try, with beautiful beaches, thriving cities, and sprawling farms. We know how important agriculture is to our country and our communities. My bill would create a permanent fix so that all farmers impacted by retalia-tory tariffs can have the tools they need to stay competitive, regardless of who is in the White House. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support my bill. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MARIA M
CCLAIN (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Maria McClain for being selected by the National Science Teachers Association and the National Council of Teachers of Mathematics as 1 of 10 2018 STEM teacher ambassadors. For the past 22 years, Maria has been teaching mathematics at Deer Valley High School in my district in Antioch, California. She has twice been named Antioch Unified School District Teach-er of the Year and Contra Costa County Teacher of the Year. Maria is also a re-cipient of the prestigious Presidential Award for Excellence in Math and Science Teaching. As the only Ph.D. in mathematics in Congress, I have a great appreciation for STEM education and the rewarding impact it has on its students. I am es-pecially thankful for the work Maria is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.003 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7693 July 26, 2018 
doing in my district; and around the country, it is teachers like Maria who are shaping the future of this country by bringing their passion and dedica-tion to the classroom. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Maria and in thanking her for her commitment to STEM edu-cation. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2019 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1027 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 1027 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference re-port shall be considered as read. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recom-mit if applicable. S
EC. 2. The Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 3 p.m. on Thursday, August 2, 2018, file privileged reports to ac-company measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. S
EC. 3. House Resolution 1020 is laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. b0915 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 1027 provides for consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This NDAA process has once again been a textbook example of how Con-gress should work. After extensive hearings in the House and the Senate, lengthy committee markups, hundreds of amendments, separate passage in both Chambers, and a conference com-mittee, we have reached the point of final passage. This has been a process that has fol-lowed regular order and allowed so many Members to have a role in the process. Here in the House, that is a testament to Chairman MACTHORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member A DAM SMITH, and their very capable staffs. This is the earliest the House has passed the final version of the NDAA in 41 years, which is a remarkable feat. A considerable amount of time and effort has been put into this product, and I know I join other Members of the House in expressing our deep gratitude for their efforts. This year’s NDAA offers the next steps in our effort to rebuild our mili-tary and reform the Pentagon. I know many of us have been deeply troubled by the readiness crisis that struck the military over the last several years. This has resulted in training accidents and failures that took the lives of our servicemembers. To reverse that trend, this year’s NDAA allows for increased funding for training, as well as $2.8 billion for the procurement of spare airplane parts. In response to recent naval incidents in the Pacific, the NDAA directs the Navy to review their operational chain of command and current training plans for surface warfare officers. The strat-egy of peace through strength requires us to continue to produce and procure the best tools and resources possible. In an effort to build toward President Trump’s goal of a 355-ship Navy fleet, the NDAA authorizes the construction of new ships, including a Ford-class aircraft carrier, additional Virginia- class attack submarines, and three lit-toral combat ships. Given the range of challenges in the nuclear domain, the NDAA supports the Nuclear Posture Review’s rec-ommendation to pursue a lower-yield ballistic warhead while also making important investments in our missile defense programs. Very important, the NDAA author-izes a 2.6 percent pay raise for our serv-icemembers, which is the highest in-crease in 9 years. This is critical to re-cruiting and retaining the best and the brightest. Additionally, this NDAA focuses on policies specific to Russia, China, North Korea, and Iran, as well as provi-sions relating to nonstate actors and terrorist organizations. I am also pleased that the conference report contains a compromise final version of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act. Congress has come together in a strong bipar-tisan manner to recognize the growing threat of countries like China in weaponizing financial investment, threatening our advanced technologies, and undermining our defense industrial base. The Committee on Foreign Invest-ment in the United States, known as CFIUS, is an interagency body led by the Treasury Department tasked with reviewing foreign investment for na-tional security concerns. However, United States law governing CFIUS has not been modernized for more than a decade, and it is not designed to ad-dress today’s modern, evolving threats. The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act gives CFIUS much- needed additional authority to address real national security threats without unduly burdening foreign investment in the American economy and slowing American economic growth in the proc-ess. I could go on and on about the impor-tant reforms and priorities in this leg-islation, but these should give you an idea of our focus on standing up to our adversaries and supporting our service-men and -women. Mr. Speaker, just this past weekend, I was able to spend time with some of these fine servicemen and -women in the Pacific, where they are taking part in the RIMPAC naval exercise, the largest in the world. It is amazing to see the work these young men and women, some of them very young, do on a daily basis. Wheth-er it is landing planes on an aircraft carrier or steering a massive warship, these individuals are asked to carry out incredibly complicated and dan-gerous tasks, and they do it exceed-ingly well. It is the least we can do to show these courageous and patriotic Ameri-cans we have their backs by passing this NDAA on a strong bipartisan basis. We deal with a lot of complicated and, frankly, divisive issues in this body, but, today, on this issue, I hope we can show, for our national security and the people who devote so much to keep us safe, we can rise above the di-visiveness of today’s politics. Let’s pass the NDAA for the 58th straight year and make sure all our servicemen and -women know we have their backs. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting House Resolution 1027 and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, the work of the con-ferees this year is to be commended. I don’t want the gentleman from Ala-bama to faint that I am saying some-thing nice, but the bottom line is that the conferees did a great job. They worked hard and fast to get this NDAA conference report to the floor today. It has been just 2 months since we brought the rule for the House version of the bill forward for consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.005 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7694 July 26, 2018 
In fact, and I don’t get to say this enough, this process has been an exam-ple of how Congress should operate. Members brought their ideas forward when the original bill was being consid-ered. The Rules Committee made amendments in order. We had some real debates here on the floor, and the conference committee has now done its job. That is how this body is supposed to work. But under this majority, it is the ex-ception and not the norm. Bills often come before the Rules Committee without being considered by the rel-evant committees first. More than half of the rules that the majority brings to the floor are unamendable. All too often, the Rules Committee is where democracy goes to die. Regular order seems like a thing of the past. It shouldn’t be that way, but, all too often, it is. That is why this process is so notable. Mr. Speaker, why are we using this process for only things like the NDAA bill? Why not for other urgent matters, like addressing gun violence, stabi-lizing our healthcare market, or re-forming our Tax Code? Wouldn’t it be nice if Congress tackled all problems like this? Now, this process made the NDAA bill better. Many harmful environ-mental provisions, thankfully, were re-moved. That includes language that would have prohibited the Secretary of the Interior from listing the sage- grouse under the Endangered Species Act for a decade. I am also grateful that the conferees honored the sacrifice of the atomic vet-erans. The past three House versions of the NDAA included language that would award them a service medal hon-oring their sacrifice and service, which was carried out in secret and at great personal cost. It was adopted with near-unanimous votes. But, each time, it has been dropped in conference. This year, though, the conferees have agreed to provide the atomic veterans a certificate of recognition and, in the manager’s statement, have gone fur-ther by encouraging the Secretary of Defense to consider an appropriate medal or award to recognize radiation- exposed servicemembers. For the life of me, I can’t understand why it is so hard for the Pentagon to honor these proud veterans with a serv-ice medal. Over three-quarters of atom-ic vets have already passed away, many prematurely from health problems di-rectly related to their service to our Nation. They and their families deserve a medal. For the R
ECORD , I would like to say that I remain committed to making sure that they receive that recogni-tion, and I hope the chairman and ranking member will add their voices to encouraging the Secretary of De-fense to do the right thing and confer a medal that recognizes the courage, the sacrifice, and the service of the atomic veterans. So, there are good things in this bill. That includes the increase in pay for our Nation’s military. Many members of our caucus will support this con-ference report as a result. Now, you would think the majority would want more bipartisan votes. It is possible, if they undertake a process like this more often. Let’s bring reg-ular order back from the dead. Although this bill has been strength-ened, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support it because very real weaknesses remain. This conference report still endorses President Trump’s plan to develop new low-yield nuclear warheads. A ban on developing these warheads has been in place for 15 years. Lifting it now could drastically impact our strategic sta-bility at a time when the President is already upending our foreign policy. Now, let’s also talk about what is not included here. The conference report does not have language that would fi-nally force this Congress to debate its role abroad. That is not because an amendment wasn’t offered. In fact, I put a bipartisan amendment forward with my colleagues, Representatives JONES , LEE, GARAMENDI , KILDEE , and W
ELCH . The amendment was pretty simple. It said any escalation of U.S. troops in Afghanistan over the next fiscal year put forward by the President or the Pentagon would have to be debated by Congress. We would have 30 days after a report was issued for Congress to ei-ther disapprove of the escalation or allow it to move forward. That is it. It wasn’t a radical idea, at least not to me or many of my colleagues. But it must have been to Republican leader-ship, because they did what they al-ways do when pressed to pass a new AUMF or to have legitimate debates on the war in Afghanistan and other wars: They blocked us from even having a de-bate on the House floor. Republicans will apparently try any-thing to avoid a debate on this subject. We submitted a similar amendment to the Rules Committee last year during the NDAA consideration, and the ma-jority advanced an alternative amend-ment that called for the administra-tion to release a report on our strategy in Afghanistan instead. A study is not a serious attempt at congressional oversight of our foreign policy. The Trump administration must not have thought so either, since they never even bothered to send the report to Congress. It was more than 100 days late. Magically, it appeared shortly after the House had already de-bated and approved the NDAA. And, frankly, Mr. Speaker, it wasn’t worth the paper it was written on. Mr. Speaker, do my Republican friends even care that Congress is abdi-cating our responsibilities? We should be debating our role in Afghanistan. The administration has sent more than 4,000 additional servicemembers to fight over there in this last year. There are now more than 12,000 of our con-stituents there today. Mr. Speaker, don’t my Republican colleagues want to have a say over whether their constituents are sent to fight abroad? We are 17 years into this war. There is no end in sight. The least we could do is spend 10 minutes debat-ing our foreign policy on the House floor. There are reports that the President is frustrated with his Afghan policy, that he may call for a review of our role there. Well, Mr. Speaker, shouldn’t Congress have a role in that new strat-egy? Maybe the Republicans are afraid to take on President Trump. They send angry tweets and critical press releases sometimes, but when it comes to actu-ally doing something, they lose their nerve. Just take ZTE. Many members of the majority were outraged when the President announced plans to prop up this Chinese tech company. President Trump tweeted: ‘‘Too many jobs in China lost.’’ Apparently, his policy of ‘‘America First’’ quickly became ‘‘China First.’’ His move came after the Secretary of Commerce had banned U.S. companies from exporting any parts to ZTE. President Trump undercut his own Commerce Secretary, urging him to re-verse this ban. It was an about-face from an administration that has be-come defined by saying one thing one day and doing another the next. Republicans joined Democrats on both sides of the Capitol in pledging to reimpose the penalties the President reversed. Language banning govern-ment agencies from using or procuring technology made by ZTE were included in both the House and Senate bills. The Senate had stronger language, which I was hoping would be included here. If it were, I think it would pass. But a funny thing happened as this report was hashed out. Republicans went with the watered down House language in-stead. Mr. Speaker, actual leadership re-quires standing up and doing some-thing and going against the President when he is wrong. But this majority has proven again and again and again that they aren’t willing to do that, no matter what the President says or does. We saw that after President Trump cozied up to Vladimir Putin in Hel-sinki. He stood with a dictator over the American intelligence community. It was a disgrace, and the majority did nothing. They even blocked our attempt to get a simple debate on the Quigley amendment. That would have provided funds to strengthen our election sys-tem against future hacking by bad for-eign actors like Russia. Mr. Speaker, what is wrong with this President? What is wrong with my friends on other side of the aisle? We should be passing amendments to pro-tect our election system. We ought to be passing the Engel resolution, con-demning what the President did. This is already the most closed Con-gress in history. Most bills that come to the floor can’t even be amended by anybody, Republican or Democrat. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.007 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7695 July 26, 2018 
b0930 It is ‘‘my way or the highway’’ with this majority. That is bad enough, Mr. Speaker. But now we can’t even debate protecting our democracy, just like we can’t debate our military’s role abroad. We have gone from being the people’s House to being more like Putin’s House. It is disgusting, quite frankly. The last time I checked, this was still America, where Congress is supposed to actually debate. Let’s act like it. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken about the need for bills to go through the com-mittee and conference process. That happened here. The NDAA report was crafted in a bipartisan manner. I can’t vote for the underlying bill for all of the reasons I have discussed. That includes the lack of an AUMF. But when the process is better, we should recognize that. For that reason, I will be voting for this rule. I hope that we consider more bills through a similar process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the re-marks of the gentleman. I would remind the gentleman that this so-called closed Congress has passed over 600 bills. Record numbers of bills have been passed by this Con-gress. This is a remarkably productive Congress, and all of us should take pride in the fact that over 80 percent of those bills were passed in a bipartisan fashion. So we have every reason to be proud of the work that we have done here not just this year, but last year as well. I also want to address what the gen-tleman had to say about an AUMF. We, indeed, as a Congress have a role to play in the foreign defense policy of this country. The bill that underlies this resolution that we have today is the National Defense Authorization Act. It is several hundred pages of pol-icy that is set by the Congress. So we are participating in a very active fash-ion, both in oversight and in helping set this policy. I am very proud of the work that the members, Democrats and Republicans, in the House Armed Services Com-mittee have done. This bill shows that Congress has a constitutional role that we are fulfilling. And I believe the very strong, bipartisan vote we are going to see on the bill demonstrates that all of us, or at least most of us, the vast ma-jority of us, feel the same way. I want to say this very clearly. The young men and women who serve us every day abroad and put their lives at risk deserve from us not partisan divi-siveness on this day, they deserve our unity. They deserve to hear from us that we are not going to sit and have some partisan bickering but that we have their back. If we can’t do that on this day, then we need to all go home this August and reexamine our con-sciences. There are other days and other times to debate other issues, but on this day, let’s stand up as one House and as one country for the men and women who wear the uniform of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just say to the gentleman from Alabama that he may want to defend a process where the ma-jority of bills that have come to this floor have come under a process where nobody can offer an amendment. I think that is undemocratic. I think that goes against what this House is supposed to be about. It is one of the reasons why so many of the bills that come through here, quite frankly, are deeply flawed, because everybody is shut out of the process. This is the most closed Congress in the history of the United States of America. Nearly 60 percent of the bills that have come to the floor have come under closed rules. Now, you expect that in Russia, you expect that in China or Turkey, but you don’t expect that in the people’s House. It is unbelievable to me that my friends defend this process. When you throw in bills that don’t need a rule, the suspension bills—post offices and a lot of bills that, quite frankly, are in-consequential—you can rack up the numbers. The bottom line is the Rules Com-mittee has become a place where good ideas are blocked on a regular basis, and not just Democratic ideas, but a lot of Republican ideas. I respect the Members of this House, both Republicans and Democrats, enough to be able to say that, if they have good ideas, they ought to be brought to the floor. They ought not be blocked in the Rules Committee behind closed doors and never even know why they are blocked. But that is the pat-tern here. It has to stop. Maybe it is going to take an election for it to stop, but this is unacceptable. I think most people around the country who are paying attention to what is going on here are fed up. And just one other thing. When I talk about the need to debate the war in Af-ghanistan and these other wars where we put American lives in jeopardy, that is not partisan bickering. Most of these amendments have been bipar-tisan. What we are responding to is many of our constituents who have been deployed halfway around the world who come back and say: What the hell are you doing? Do you guys have any idea what is going on over here? Why aren’t you talking about this? Why aren’t you debating it? We have been in a war for 17 years and we can’t even have a debate. We can’t even have 10 minutes on the war in Afghanistan or our growing involve-ment in military conflicts around the world. It is outrageous. You can defend it if you want. It is irresponsible. And the fact that this Congress won’t debate these issues, that is moral cowardice, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, we have witnessed one of the most disgraceful displays by an American President on foreign soil in our Nation’s history when President Trump refused to stand behind our in-telligence community and to, instead, side with Vladimir Putin. Putin, he sided with Putin. Then on Tuesday, via Twitter, the President changed his tune and said, ‘‘I’m very concerned that Russia will be fighting hard to have an impact in the upcoming election,’’ I guess appar-ently embracing the intelligence com-munity again. And then he tweeted an-other tweet, basically saying that Rus-sia is not involved in meddling in an election. I have to tell you, this President is messed up when it comes to the issue of Russia meddling in our election. I don’t know what the Russians have on him, if anything, but the behavior out of this President is not normal, and it should concern every single person, no matter what your party affiliation is. Russia attacked our country. They meddled in our election. Everybody knows it. And we have a President of the United States who is going out of his way to cover it up, to make it seem like it never happened, to dodge the issue. We cannot count on him to pro-tect our election system; let’s just be honest about that. We need to step up in a bipartisan way. We need to hold Russia account-able for its election meddling, and we need to insist that these attacks on our democracy stop. Russia is not our ally. They are not a competitor. They are not our friends. We have to start acting like that. I am going to ask that if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative E
NGEL ’s and Represent-ative C
ONNOLLY ’s bill, H.R. 6494, the SECURE Our Democracy Act. Their bill would punish foreign entities who interfered with our elections, going back to 2015, and punish future attacks. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the White House cannot be counted on to protect our elections. All they are in-terested in is protecting the President. We need to do the right thing. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise because we will soon have a chance to vote on legisla-tion that would punish those who at-tacked American democracy in 2016 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.010 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7696 July 26, 2018 
and would deter anyone who tries to do so in the future. The bill I introduced with Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , the SECURE Our Democracy Act, would slap tough sanctions on anyone found to interfere with an American election from overseas. It goes back to 2015, so it would include those who tried to put their thumb on the scale in favor of Donald Trump. We first introduced this bill in Janu-ary of 2017, when it was becoming clear that Russia had waged a cyber warfare campaign against our election. Our up-dated version of this bill includes new congressional oversight provisions. Why? Because even if this bill passes, we don’t trust the President to do the right thing, quite frankly. We don’t be-lieve he will do what it takes to pro-tect our democracy, even after his own administration has told us over and over that Russia is at it again. After standing next to Vladimir Putin and accepting his lies over the unanimous conclusion of our intelligence commu-nity, how could we? So when the next vote is called, my friends on the other side of the aisle have a choice to make. Will they vote to say to Putin, to our chief adversary, that we won’t tolerate his attacks on our democracy, or will they again cede Congress’ oversight role and continue to cover up for the President, who cozies up to Putin, who sides with him over our allies, and who continues to deny what everyone else knows is a fact? Make no mistake: The next vote is our opportunity to punish the crimi-nals who interfered in our election, to send a message that there will be con-sequences for anyone who does so in the future. After this vote, every Mem-ber will be on the record, letting the world know where they stand. So I urge all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle: vote to defeat the previous question. Vote to show Russia and Putin that we won’t stand by while they continue to attack American democracy. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, a vote against the pre-vious question is a vote against this bill, which is there to defend America and support our servicemen and -women. Make no mistake about it: You can’t change the subject. The subject is the defense of the country. The subject is standing behind our servicemen and -women. Now, let’s make this clear. It was under the previous administration that Russia meddled in our elections, not under this administration. It was under the previous administration that Rus-sia illegally seized Crimea. It was under the previous administration that we refused to arm the Ukrainians, who were simply trying to defend them-selves. We are now arming them. This administration is doing that. I remember in the Presidential elec-tion of 2012, the Republican nominee for President said that the biggest threat to the United States of America is Russia, and he was laughed at. They are not laughing now. This bill provides what we need to have to pushback against Russia, to arm the people who want to fight against Russia, and to stand with our servicemen and -women. To try to dis-tract from that with some debate over a previous question on something that has nothing to do with defending this country, I wish we wouldn’t do that in this House. But I understand we have to make some partisan points before we leave here for August, and I am disappointed we are making those partisan points. We have an opportunity to stand up as one body and as one nation for our servicemen and -women. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just correct the gentleman on one thing. Voting against the previous question is not voting against the bill. What it means is that we can walk and chew gum at the same time. It means that we can not only debate and vote on the defense conference report, but we can also de-bate Mr. E
NGEL ’s and Mr. C ONNOLLY ’s bill. The gentleman is on the Rules Committee. He should know that. If we want to have this debate, we ought to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. And, by the way, we are talking about defending our country. Russia attacked us, in case you forgot, and we are trying to protect that from hap-pening again. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ) to discuss our proposal for the previous question. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Massachu-setts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just say to my friend from Alabama, he wraps himself in the uniform of our brave men and women who serve this country overseas and here at home as if there is a zero-sum game here. He either chooses them or he chooses to address the threat from Russia, but he can’t do both. And I say to my friend: You go to those men and women and explain to them how our President of the United States could sit next to an adversary—a thug, a kill-er, someone who interfered in our elec-tion—and explain to them, out fighting for their country, the Commander in Chief wouldn’t do it. You explain to them how that same Commander in Chief actually opined that maybe Cri-mea should be given up. What are we fighting for? What are our values? This is relevant. We need to defeat the previous question so that we can consider a debate about the role of Russia in interfering with the most sa-cred thing Americans do: vote. Our bill would sanction any foreign individual or entity found to have un-lawfully meddled with a Federal elec-tion and would bar entry to this coun-try and freeze U.S.-based assets of any-one involved in such interference. b0945 President Trump’s performance at the Helsinki Summit with Vladimir Putin underscores the need for this leg-islation, the very opposite of what my friend from Alabama is asserting. Time and again, the President re-fuses to acknowledge the unanimous conclusion of all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies that that happened; that Rus-sia was a threat and directly interfered with our 2016 elections. Mr. Trump’s own Director of Na-tional Intelligence, Dan Coats, recently said: ‘‘The warning lights are blinking red again. Today, the digital infra-structure that serves this country is literally under attack.’’ That is not some liberal Democrat. That is a former Republican Senator and the Republican appointee of a Re-publican President warning us this is a clear and imminent threat. So this is directly relevant. Defeating the previous question will allow us to have that discussion on the floor, because we love our country and we want to have a good answer to the men and women in uniform, my friend from Alabama keeps on invoking; that America hasn’t given up. We are not going to roll over and play dead to our adversaries. We are going to candidly, on a bipar-tisan basis, acknowledge the threat to this country. And we are going to re-sist it, because we recognize their serv-ice and their willingness to put them-selves on the line. Are we, is the ques-tion. I urge the defeat of the previous question and support for the bill Mr. E
NGEL and I have introduced to try to address this very grave subject. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would remind my friends on the other side of the aisle that today Russia faces more sanctions than they have faced since the end of the Cold War; more sanctions today than under the previous administra-tion. This Congress and this President is pushing back against Russia. I am proud of what we are doing to push back on him, and we may not be done with that yet. We may need to do more. I stand ready to do more. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I am glad the gentleman’s proud of the President’s performance in Helsinki, but I assure you, the majority of Amer-icans were disgusted. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ). Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to, first, thank the House and Senate conferees for their work. This fiscal year 2019 Defense Au-thorization Act takes the crucial next steps to rebuild our military by mak-ing greater investments in training, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.011 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7697 July 26, 2018 
equipping, and providing for our forces. This bipartisan bill is essential to help-ing our troops prepare and respond to the complex security challenges we are facing around the world. But as we authorize the largest budg-et for defense since World War II, it is imperative that President Trump lead responsibly so we can ably defend our-selves and the values we stand for around the world. That includes: Enhancing U.S. de-fense posture in Europe and con-fronting Russian aggression. We provide record funding for the Eu-ropean Deterrence Initiative that deepens our commitment to our NATO allies. We strengthen our ability to combat ongoing Russian cyber campaigns that seek to undermine our democracy. And we prevent the administration from recognizing Putin’s illegal annex-ation of Crimea. It requires the President to spend our defense dollars wisely. We should be focusing on increasing readiness and extending our warfighting edge, which is why the NDAA increases funding for training in each service, modernizes range and test facilities and boosts spending on main-tenance and spare parts. And we in invest in modern equip-ment that have the capabilities to con-front Russia and China and other emerging threats. We must also support the men and women who choose to wear the uni-form. That is why we are providing our servicemembers with the largest pay raise in nearly a decade. And we are overhauling the Transi-tion Assistance Program to provide servicemembers better-tailored re-sources as they prepare to enter civil-ian life. But we must do more to ensure that we extend and preserve the ability to honorably serve to every person in our armed forces, such as: The men and women deserving a har-assment-free workplace. The Dreamer promised citizenship. Or the transgender American who wants to continue serving. The array of national security threats facing the United States is more complex and diverse and the stra-tegic environment has never been more competitive. The Defense Authoriza-tion Act gives our military service components the tools and resources for the United States to maintain its mili-tary advantage, counter adversaries, and defend the international order that has created a safer and more pros-perous world. Congress has done its job. Now the President must make the tough choices to implement the national defense strategy and truly safeguard our na-tional security. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. E
SHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with seri-ous concerns about the missed oppor-tunity in this legislation to take strong action against the Chinese firm, ZTE. Our telecommunications systems are the backbone of our national security operations, and those systems need to be protected to ensure the safety of our citizens. Not only did ZTE violate U.S. sanc-tions by illegally selling components to North Korea and Iran, it also paid full bonuses to the employees who en-gaged in illegal conduct, and then lied to U.S. authorities about it. Instead of sending a strong message to ZTE, the NDAA Conference Com-mittee stripped language from the Sen-ate bill to ban ZTE from doing business with all U.S. firms and replaced it with watered-down language that merely prohibits ZTE from doing business with the U.S. Government. This effectively gives ZTE a free pass for its past violations, and prioritizes a foreign company’s interests over the security of the American people. This is wrong. Deal-making with ZTE is bad policy, and it sends a clear message to our adversaries that America is not willing to enforce our own sanctions. Earlier this year, I wrote to Sec-retary Ross raising my concerns with reports that the administration was backtracking on its recently imposed 7-year ban on ZTE. To my dismay, and I think to many others, the adminis-tration lifted the ban. The Senate-passed version of the bill would have restored the ban in full. So I am distressed that my colleagues have succumbed to pressure from the White House and watered down criti-cally needed security protections. We are all public servants of the American people. The number one re-sponsibility we have is to protect and defend them. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentle-woman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. ESHOO. We must not make deals with foreign entities that have a prov-en history of compromising our tele-communications sector and treating our laws with disdain. When we know for a fact that a certain company or country does not have our national in-terests at heart, we have no business doing business with them, period. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would remind the gen-tlewoman that in this bill, ZTE is pro-hibited from doing any business with the United States Government, and any company that does business with the ZTE is prohibited from doing busi-ness with the United States Govern-ment. If we did what she suggested we do, we would have to find some way to save a billion dollars out of mandatory spending under the Defense Depart-ment. There is very little mandatory spending over at the Defense Depart-ment. Let me tell you what it is. It is the retirement. It is what we require peo-ple to pay for their TRICARE, the peo-ple who have already served in the armed services. We have to make them pay more money for their healthcare. I don’t want to penalize those people who have already served our country. I stand with them. For that reason, I think this bill is plenty strong against ZTE. I think we have reached a good compromise here. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 4
1⁄4 minutes remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ). Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, the military burns their trash, including computers, plastic, and medical waste, in open-air burn pits, creating smoke with toxic chemicals like metals and carcinogens that pose serious health risks to our troops. Our servicemembers and veterans are developing severely debilitating pul-monary diseases, like pulmonary fibro-sis and constrictive bronchiolitis, leav-ing them oxygen-dependent. And other young veterans are dying from rare cancers in the brain, pancreas, blood cells, and other locations. I am an emergency medicine physi-cian and a public health expert. In pub-lic health and in medicine, it is prac-tice that if there is a high enough sus-picion of a harm that causes a severe enough illness, then we need to act on that suspicion, remove the harm, and treat the person. We can’t wait 10 or 20 years for the perfect research study. We must act now. We must do that by simulta-neously and immediately addressing these 4 points: First, stop our troops’ exposure to dangerous burn pits out in the battlefield. Second, educate doctors, veterans, and servicemembers to help doctors un-derstand the risks of being exposed to burn pits, and to help veterans and servicemembers understand the early signs of potential serious illness so they can get treatment early. Third, take care of burn pit exposed veterans and servicemembers at the VA and DOD, and ensure illnesses caused by burn pit exposure are recog-nized in their claims for disability ben-efits. Fourth, do more research that is needed to identify all the different health impacts exposure to burn pits can cause. The conference report for Fiscal Year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act includes two of my amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.013 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7698 July 26, 2018 
that will help address the first 2 points: Stopping the use of burn pits. And edu-cating veterans and their caregivers about the health risks that could be connected to exposure to burn pits. My first amendment directs the De-partment of Defense to conduct a feasi-bility study on ending the use of dan-gerous burn pits by using incinerators and other technology. My second amendment requires the Department of Defense to conduct an annual education and outreach cam-paign to veterans exposed to burn pits and who are qualified to enroll in the burn pit registry. The burn pit registry will improve our understanding of the different health effects of exposure to burn pits and help our ability to communicate with veterans and increase their aware-ness of subtle changes in their health so that they could understand the early signs of potential serious illness. The Government must acknowledge the dangers of burn pits and the suf-fering of burn pit exposed veterans with severe illnesses. The Government has a responsibility to immediately provide them with the care and bene-fits they have earned while defending our freedoms. I want to thank the conferees and the ranking member and chairman of the Armed Services Committee for their support of my amendment and for in-cluding these amendments in the final conference report. Congress must continue to work to-gether to provide solutions for our vet-erans and servicemembers exposed to these dangerous chemicals, toxins, car-cinogens, and the smoke of burn pits. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased the gentleman’s amendments were included in the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Massachusetts has 1 minute remaining. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, while I oppose the un-derlying conference report, for reasons that I have already articulated, I do support the rule because it reflects a good process where committees were respected, where the ranking members were respected. We went through a con-ference committee, which is something almost unheard of in this body, and so I think many of us, myself included, are reasonable when the majority be-haves reasonably. But the bottom line is, there are a lot of issues that need to be addressed that aren’t being addressed, and they are not being addressed because the Rules Committee routinely blocks good ideas from coming to the floor. So the only way we have an opportunity to bring up important issues is through procedural motions like defeating the previous question so we can bring up the Engel-Connolly bill, so we could ac-tually stand up to Russia. So we are going to vote for the rule. We are asking you to stand up to Rus-sia. I don’t think that that is a bad ex-change. So vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous ques-tion. Let’s stand up to Russia before we go home. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s show the President that we have a spine, that we disagree with what he did and we are going to do the right thing here. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, today we are here to talk about not only defending the United States of America from all of our adversaries, Russia, especially, but to stand behind the men and women in uniform. And, yes, I do associate my-self with them. b1000 I am not one of them, but I am one of their supporters. And I hope that the vast majority of us in this body will stand up with them and be their sup-porters today both on the previous question on the rule and also on the bill when it comes before the body. If we really want to push back against Russia, we will stop the games, and we will pass the rule, and we will pass the bill. That is how we stand up against Russia. Having a bitter, par-tisan debate before we do so only helps our enemies. Let’s stand together on this issue. We will come back after the break in Au-gust and debate the other issues, but let’s send a clear message to those brave young men and women, that we have their back. We can do that by doing our duty today. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 1027 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1027 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 6494) to expose and deter unlawful and subversive foreign inter-ference in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 6494. T
HEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311) de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.014 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7699 July 26, 2018 
for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 226, nays 183, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 378] YEAS—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Ellison Gohmert Hanabusa Hudson Jones Labrador Marino Moore Pelosi Rice (NY) Rokita Speier Walz 
b1025 Ms. WILSON of Florida changed her vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. CHENEY and Mr. M
ACARTHUR changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The question is on the reso-lution. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1027, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of De-fense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 1027, the con-ference report is considered read. (For conference report and state-ment, see proceedings of the House of July 25, 2018, at page H7202.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ) and the gentleman from Washington (Mr. S
MITH) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. b1030 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous material on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5515. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to express my appreciation to the ranking mem-ber of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. S
MITH, not only for his work on this conference, but also for his work throughout the process of bringing this bill to fruition. However strongly he and I may disagree on some particular issues, it is always clear that he seeks, first and foremost, to do the right thing for our military personnel and our country’s national security, and I very much appreciate the opportunity to work with him. Second, I want to thank all the mem-bers of the conference committee and of the House Armed Services Com-mittee. Each of them has contributed to this final product, although I sus-pect none of them is pleased with ev-erything that is or is not in it. It is the result of a negotiation be-tween House and Senate Members with a variety of interests. Taken as a whole, however, I think all Members who participated, whether in com-mittee, in conference, or here on the floor, can be proud of the result. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.003 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7700 July 26, 2018 
Third, I want to thank our staff, both committee staff and personal staff. They worked long and hard to get this done and get it done earlier than we have in many years. I especially want to thank the committee staff director Jen Stewart, as well Paul Arcangeli and my personal chief of staff, Josh Martin, for all of their work. Mr. Speaker, next, I want to express particular appreciation to a group of folks who often do not get publicly rec-ognized in order to do this conference report and do it on the timeframe we have had available. Those working in legislative counsel have had to work extraordinarily hard, and I am grateful to each of them. Some of those in legis-lative counsel who have worked on this product include Hadley Ross, Sherry Chriss, Tony Sciascia, Noah Wofsy, Ken Cox, Brendan Gallagher, and Mat Eckstein. There are others who will be named shortly. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Rules Committee and that staff for helping us work through a pro-cedural issue in the last couple of days. Mr. Speaker, this bill takes a major step forward in rebuilding our military, reforming the Pentagon, and better preparing this country to deal with the national security challenges that lay before us. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will suspend. The Chair will remind visitors and guests to keep their voices down. The gentleman from Texas is recog-nized. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, this bill continues to make readiness a key focus, for if we send our men and women out on missions, then they de-serve to have the best equipment, the best training, and the best support that this country can provide. It advances implementation of the new National Defense Strategy, so we can be better prepared against threats from peer or near-peer adversaries, such as Russia and China. In fact, there are many, many provisions in this bill, Mr. Speaker, directly related to coun-tering the aggressive actions we have seen from each of those countries. One section of this conference report is the first update to our foreign in-vestment laws in many years. I com-mend Chairman H
ENSARLING , Chairman R
OYCE , and, of course, Speaker R YAN for negotiating a strong CFIUS bill, which helps protect our Nation’s secu-rity. This conference report also prohibits the Federal Government from buying products or services from Chinese tele-communications companies, such as ZTE and Huawei. And, importantly, it prohibits the Federal Government from doing business with any company that buys their products or services. A more complete summary of the provisions has been provided to all Members, but the top priority of this bill and of our committee remains the men and women who volunteer to serve our Nation in the military. This bill authorizes the largest pay increase in 9 years. It provides additional assistance for spouses seeking employment; it makes transition assistance more tai-lored to the individual; and it prohibits the closure of military healthcare fa-cilities; all of that and more focused on our people, who are our most valuable asset. Mr. Speaker, speaking of patriotic Americans serving our country, one provision on which the House receded to the Senate was the title of the bill. We happily agreed to name this legisla-tion after Senator JOHNMCCAIN, chair-man of the Senate Armed Services Committee. We do so not just because of his current position but in recogni-tion and in tribute to a lifetime of pa-triotic service to our Nation. Navy pilot, prisoner of war, Member of the House, Member of the Senate, Presidential nominee, whatever his job, whatever his role, J
OHN MCCAINhas carried it out with passion and inten-sity and with a love for our country that knows no bounds. History will find Senator J
OHNMCCAINto be one of the giants of our time. While battling cancer at home in Ari-zona, he has helped guide this year’s NDAA throughout the process. Now, that does not mean that he agrees with every one of the outcomes in this con-ference report. I know from firsthand experience that he can be a fierce advo-cate and a tough negotiator. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, Senator I
NHOFE has done a great job on Senator M
CCAIN’s behalf, and this conference report bears Senator M
CCAIN’s unmistakable stamp. He has, once again, made a strong, positive difference for the men and women in uniform and for the national security of the United States of Amer-ica. We certainly wish him and his family the best in his current fight. We thank him, and we attempt to honor him and his outstanding record of service to our Nation with this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 5 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his leadership of the com-mittee. Our committee is committed to completing this process every year, and I think it is a great example of how the legislative process should work. It is bipartisan; it follows regular order; and the chairman deserves a great deal of credit for making sure that both of those things happened. He has been very inclusive of all the members of the committee, Democrats and Republicans, and also all the Mem-bers of this House who have had inter-est in what goes into this bill to make sure that we have the strongest pos-sible national security policy. I really appreciate his leadership, but I also share with him the gratitude that we have for our staff and the in-credible hard work that they do to pull this process together. As the chairman mentioned, this is the soonest we have completed the NDAA—knock on wood, assuming we complete it—in my entire time in Congress. That took a lot of people doing a lot of work, Members and staff alike. The chairman mentioned some of the legislative counsel staff. These are the people who when at the absolute last minute we decide, oh, we prefer it done this way, they are the ones who have to go back in and rewrite the entire thing and redo the entire thing at all hours of the night. They do a spectacular job and are frequently unrecognized. The chairman mentioned some of them. I want to mention the rest: Mark Synnes, Hank Savage, I am going to do my best on this name—Kalyani Parthasarathy, Tom Cassidy, Casey Ebner, and Paul Kubicki. These folks do an amazing job for our country and for the men and women in the military. I really appreciate their tireless work and the outstanding product they produce for us each year. I agree with the chairman that we have a very strong bill this year. I also agree with the chairman that if any one of us were to write it, we would write it differently. There are things we would like to see in that were left out and things that are in that we pre-fer were not. But that is the nature of the legislative process. It is a com-promise, an effort to work together to hopefully come up with a good product, and I think that is what we did this time. The chairman mentioned a number of the highlights. I am particularly focused on the fact that we do have language in this bill to take a look at the issue of civilian cas-ualties as a result of some of our mili-tary action throughout the world, to get a better read on exactly what is happening and how we can minimize those. There is also language for a review of exactly what our military is doing in Yemen, to make sure that it complies with the law and complies with the in-terests of the United States. I am also pleased that, once again, we were able to avoid putting any envi-ronmental riders into this bill. Also, I agree with the chairman that this bill really shores up our ability to contend with the adversaries that most threaten us. On Russia, we have the largest in-crease in the European defense initia-tive that we have had in a defense bill. We also shore up our support for Ukraine and the rest of our NATO al-lies by reaffirming our commitment to NATO and our commitment to defend-ing them from any Russian aggression. Where China is concerned, as the chairman mentioned, we have very strict restrictions on ZTE and also on Huawei and other Chinese companies to make sure they can’t do business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.021 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7701 July 26, 2018 
with the U.S. Government or with com-panies that do business with the U.S. Government. I do want to address one issue that I heard brought up during the rule. I think there is a popular misunder-standing that somehow our bill is re-sponsible for the deal that led ZTE back into the U.S. market. That is not true. The President of the United States decided to undo what he had done previously, blocking ZTE from doing any business in the U.S., and ba-sically fined them $1 billion. ZTE is paying $1 billion to get out from under the effective death penalty and be al-lowed back into the U.S. market. For our bill to have undone that, as the Senate bill did, it would have re-quired us to cut $1 billion in manda-tory spending. Now, I don’t agree nec-essarily with the Parliamentarian’s ruling there, that the $1 billion that ZTE paid is something that we should have had to offset if we undid the deal. But we have to live by the law. This is also mandatory spending, so if we were going to get rid of the ZTE deal and get rid of that $1 billion, we would have lit-erally had to cut retirement healthcare for the men and women who served in the military. I don’t think that is something that anyone on this floor would have been willing to do. So this bill does step up to confront our adversaries in Russia and China. I also think it reflects the values, as I mentioned, of dealing with the civilian casualty issue and trying to get a bead on what is going on with Yemen. And it reflects a reasonable compromise be-tween the House and the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to close by echoing the words of our chairman in being grateful that this bill is named after Senator M
CCAIN. I knew Senator M
CCAINbefore I even got into politics, just as a prominent na-tional figure, a war hero, and someone to be greatly admired. It is one of the great honors of my career that I have had the privilege to work with him on the Armed Services Committee process over the course of the last 5 years as ranking member. J
OHNMCCAINis as tough, smart, and committed to this country as anyone you will ever find. It is truly fitting that this bill is named after him. He will be remembered as one of the great heroes of our country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), who is the chairman of the Subcommittee on Readiness. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to support the John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act. Appropriately named after an Amer-ican hero, the conference report con-tains policy and funding initiatives that provide our military with the re-sources necessary to restore readiness and rebuild combat capability. Chair-man MACTHORNBERRY has been very successful, with leadership, to expedite this critical legislation in record time. As Readiness Subcommittee chair-man, I appreciate that the conference report authorizes additional funding for training, spare parts, equipment, and weapons systems maintenance. The conference report also focuses on aviation readiness by increasing flying hours, funding for spare parts, and es-tablishing a commission to examine the tragic rise in military aviation ac-cidents. Both the House and Senate bills ad-dress Navy surface forces improve-ments in response to last year’s colli-sions and tragic loss of 17 lives on the Fitzgerald and McCain. I appreciate the conference report because it con-tains a range of provisions that im-proves the operation of surface fleets. The conference report provides crit-ical funding for Fort Jackson and con-tinues construction of the mixed oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savan-nah River site to protect the environ-ment in South Carolina and Georgia. It also supports our strongest ally in the Middle East, Israel, by establishing defense partnerships to counter Iran’s terrorist activities. In conclusion, I want to thank Chair-man T
HORNBERRY again for his success with his dedicated, professional staff. I also appreciate the Readiness Sub-committee’s distinguished ranking member, M
ADELEINE BORDALLO of Guam, for her contributions to this bill. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support the bill. b1045 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ), the ranking member on the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee. I want to particularly thank him for his leadership on cli-mate change and alternative energy. He has done a great job of inserting those issues in this bill. I appreciate that leadership. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, Chairman M
CCAIN, Ranking Member R EED, Sen-ator I
NHOFE , and their staff for their tireless work in producing this con-ference report. I am especially pleased that this con-ference report is named after Senator J
OHN MCCAIN, a true American hero. Thank you for your service, Senator, and Godspeed. It was an honor to serve as a conferee throughout this process and to be a part of this undertaking in support of our Armed Forces. While no bill is perfect, there is much to be proud of in this conference re-port. We are giving our troops a much- deserved pay raise, taking critical steps to counter Russian aggression and resist Chinese coercive influence, and continuing to ensure the Depart-ment of Defense is prepared to miti-gate the risks posed by climate change. We are also increasing funding for the Virginia- and Columbia-class sub-marine programs, which are made in my home State of Rhode Island, and protect our Nation and our allies and create thousands of jobs back home. As ranking member of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Sub-committee, it has been a pleasure to work with Chairwoman ELISE S
TEFANIK . I am particularly glad we are making strong investments in our cyber per-sonnel and capabilities, providing in-creased support for our Special Oper-ations Forces and their families, and increasing funding for key programs to maintain our technological superi-ority, such as railgun development, di-rected energy prototyping, and un-manned vehicles. The threats we face as a nation are diverse and challenging. There are no easy answers for how the United States will continue to promote stability and the rules-based international order. But I believe that this bipartisan work of the House and Senate Armed Services Committee, and this bill in particular, will improve our national security and help keep our country and our servicemembers safe. Lastly, I want to thank Kathryn Mitchell on my personal staff, who serves as my MLA. She is leaving for South Korea to be with her husband, who is serving in the United States Army. Job well done, Kathryn, and thank you. For those reasons and more, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-port this conference report. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
URNER ), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces. Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by thanking Chairman T
HORN -
BERRY for his leadership in bringing this bill to the floor. I strongly support H.R. 5515, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the 58th consecutive NDAA passed by Congress. I also want to thank our leadership— Speaker R
YAN, K EVIN MCCARTHY , S
TEVE SCALISE , and P ATRICK  M
CHENRY —for their contribution to this bill being a contribution to readi-ness. This is about increasing the top line, increasing national defense spend-ing, and increasing support for our men and women in uniform. I want to thank them for their leadership in accom-plishing that. I have the privilege of serving as the chairman of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee, and I would like to recognize our subcommittee ranking member, Ms. N
IKITSONGAS . I want to thank N
IKIfor her support on the sub-committee and as co-chair of the Mili-tary Sexual Assault Prevention Cau-cus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.022 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7702 July 26, 2018 
Throughout her tenure in Congress, N
IKIhas worked in a solidly bipartisan fashion to support our warfighters, im-prove the readiness of our military, and help our servicemembers eliminate sexual assault in uniform. She is leav-ing behind a strong legacy of accom-plishments. Within our subcommittee’s jurisdic-tion, this bill recommends authoriza-tion for over $97 billion in moderniza-tion funding that is necessary to regain our advantage against peer competi-tors. This bill recognizes the importance of the fifth-generation strike fighter and supports the President’s budget re-quest for 77 Joint Strike Fighters. It also authorizes the Department to pro-cure an additional F–35 aircraft if funds become available through cost savings and program efficiencies. The bill includes several oversight provisions to combat the physiological episodes occurring in military aircraft. We now require the Department to cer-tify that all new aircraft will have the latest technology to keep our pilots healthy and safe. In the bill, Congress reiterates the importance of the Air Force’s JSTARS program. For more than 25 years, the aircraft has provided our warfighters command, control, and surveillance of ground battle. JSTARS have flown over 130,000 combat hours and will be an integral piece of the Air Force’s ar-senal for years to come. For the seventh consecutive year, this bill addresses sexual assault. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OOPER ). Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all members of the con-ference committee for their record- breaking work on this National De-fense Authorization Act. This bill sup-ports the national security, so I am pleased to support it. I would particularly like to thank my good friend, Chairman R
OGERS , for his bipartisan leadership of the Stra-tegic Forces Subcommittee. In addition to authorizing core mis-sions of our nuclear forces to provide a strong deterrent, this defense author-ization bill mandates an independent study on increasing the decision time before the President can use nuclear weapons; allows negotiations for ex-tending the New START treaty to maintain binding limits on the number of strategic weapons that Russia can deploy; drops a provision that would have all but separated the Nuclear Se-curity Administration from the De-partment of Energy, in direct con-tradiction of expert recommendations; and allows the Department of Energy to continue terminating the failed and unaffordable MOX boondoggle. The bill supports effective missile de-fense efforts, including pressing for near-term solutions such as boost- phase missile defense using kinetic interceptors, increases accountability of the acquisition of expensive inter-ceptors, and, of course, supports U.S.- Israeli missile defense. Finally, I strongly commend Chair-man ROGERS ’ leadership in strength-ening our ability to defend our assets in space against increasing threats. The bill creates a sub-unified com-mand for space and continues oversight of warfighting readiness, presses for a more rapid and agile acquisition proc-ess, and mandates a plan for improving our space capabilities. I look forward to continuing to work with Chairman R
OGERS and others to-ward establishment of a true space corps or space force. I urge support for this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This report authorizes additional funding for nuclear modernization ef-forts. We make good on promises to im-prove defense-related infrastructure. It authorizes full funding for a low-yield nuclear warhead. It also postures the United States to credibly address the threat posed by Chinese and Russian strategic nuclear weapons in the fu-ture. On missile defense, the conference re-port includes policy support and fund-ing for space-based sensing, boost- phase intercept, hypersonics, and di-rected energy efforts. Regarding national security space re-form, this conference report estab-lishes a sub-unified command for space. It tasks the Department with devel-oping an alternative acquisition for na-tional security space, and it directs the Department to deliver a space warfighting policy and readiness plan. These steps begin taking us down a path toward implementing President Trump’s directive to establish a space force. Finally, it also includes significant reforms as to how the DOD calculates work at our Nation’s depots in an ef-fort to modernize and streamline that process to better support both the de-pots and the warfighters who depend on them. In conclusion, I want to thank the subcommittee’s distinguished ranking member, J
IMCOOPER . He has been a great partner in this endeavor. I also thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their lead-ership in fashioning this outstanding bill. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ). Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and commend Ranking Member S
MITH for their hard work in bringing this bill to the floor. It has been an honor to be a member of this bipartisan committee. I also want to recognize my chairman of the Readiness Subcommittee, JOEWIL-
SONof South Carolina, for his invalu-able assistance. The conference agreement authorizes $247.2 billion in operations and mainte-nance funding between the base and overseas contingency accounts. This includes increases in readiness-ena-bling accounts to support depot-level maintenance, parts and spares, train-ing, and facilities sustainment, res-toration, and modernization. The agreement also addresses readi-ness challenges of the surface Navy fol-lowing the four incidents that occurred in the Pacific last year. With respect to military aviation, the agreement establishes a National Commission on Military Aviation Safe-ty that will assess the causes of recent aviation mishaps and make changes for training, maintenance personnel, and policies related to safety. The FY19 NDAA also begins to ad-dress challenges with DOD’s facilities and infrastructure by authorizing ap-propriations of $11.3 billion for military construction and family housing. This includes authorization for 38 additional military construction projects from the services’ unfunded priorities list. I am also grateful to the conference for including provisions important to Guam. First, the H–2B workforce provision allows us to fully implement the ma-rine relocation from Okinawa, which is vital to the security of the Indo-Pacific region. This is an important step to-ward stabilizing Guam’s workforce cri-sis, and I hope to continue working on further legislation needed for civilian relief. Also, on the Navy’s net negative commitment to Guam, the bill im-proves transparency by establishing a publicly accessible list of Navy prop-erty expected to be transferred to the Government of Guam. The bill supports the ship repair in-dustry on Guam and in the U.S. The bill authorizes $32 million for the Navy to restore a dry dock capability and prohibits the Navy from redeveloping the former ship repair facility on Guam for any purpose other than to support depot-level ship maintenance. I continue to stress that it is impera-tive for the Navy to maintain a depot- level ship repair capability on sov-ereign U.S. soil in the western Pacific. I close by extending my gratitude again to the chairman and the ranking member and to my colleagues and the professional staff and all who partici-pated in producing the conference agreement. I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. W
ITTMAN ), the chair of the Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this conference report and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.024 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7703 July 26, 2018 
items included in it. I want to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their leadership in pushing this across the finish line. In my subcommittee, we authorized an additional three battle force ships, including the next Ford-class aircraft carrier. We have also kept an eye on the fu-ture and prioritized funding for the B– 21 Raider bomber program and the Co-lumbia-class ballistic missile sub-marine, programs that are essential for our national security and comprise two parts of our Nation’s nuclear triad. While we still have work to do, I think that this conference report does a good job of continuing to build off of last year’s progress. Some have questioned whether a Member of Congress can be both a fis-cal hawk and a defense hawk. I am con-vinced that a Member can be both. For example, we have also authorized long- term contracts for ships, aircraft, and weapons. With these contracts, in addi-tion to the accelerated procurement of the next Ford-class aircraft carrier, we understand the Navy can save almost $3 billion. These savings are signifi-cant. While I am proud that this may be the first time in more than two decades that an NDAA will be enacted before the start of the fiscal year, we still have work to do to secure funding for this bill. Specifically, I believe there is no more debilitating action that Congress can perform than delaying an accom-panying Defense Appropriations bill. The House has passed ours, but we need our colleagues in the Senate to do the same during their time in D.C. in Au-gust. If we lose this rare opportunity to pass a Defense Appropriations bill be-fore the end of the fiscal year, we will once again be holding our military hos-tage for other domestic priorities. I was thrilled to see Speaker R
YAN continue to lead on this issue when he indicated yesterday: ‘‘We really just want to get the military funded on time, on budget, on schedule this year, and that’s the primary concern.’’ We need to get back to basics, per-form our constitutional duty, and let our servicemembers know that we have their backs while they are serving on the front lines, that we are dedicated to their service, and that we will take care of their families until they return. Let’s pass this defense authorization bill and turn to getting the Defense Ap-propriations bill done on time. b1100 Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURT -
NEY). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the 2019 John McCain Defense Authorization bill. First, I would like to extend my con-gratulations to Chairman T
HORNBERRY  and Ranking Member S
MITH for their steady, bipartisan leadership as this bill was crafted—the 58th consecutive year in a row that Congress has pro-duced an NDAA, a testament to their superb legislating and the constructive dialogue that results from following regular order. I also want to salute the hard work of my colleague ROBWITTMAN , at the helm of the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, and our profes-sional staff—Phil MacNaughton, Dave Sienicki, and Bruce Johnson—for their talent, expertise, and follow-through for all our members. Our subcommittee mark accelerates the timeline toward achieving a Navy fleet of 355 ships, the size needed to meet global requirements according to the Navy’s 2016 force structure assess-ment. Our work authorizes funding for 13 battle force ships, three more than President Trump’s request. In par-ticular, at a time when rising adver-saries are recapitalizing or expanding their undersea fleets, this year’s NDAA provides $7.6 billion for the Virginia- class program and nearly $4 billion for the Columbia-class development and advance procurement. The bill authorizes two Virginia-class attack submarines in 2019 and requires the next Block V Virginia contract currently under negotiation to include priced options for additional third sub-marines in years 2022 and ‘23. This pro-vision will maintain the option for the next Congress to take advantage of in-dustrial-base capacity that the Navy last February told us is available to in-crease submarine construction in the future. Tragically, 2017 was a very difficult year for the U.S. Navy. Our country lost 17 sailors in the fatal collisions in-volving the USS Fitzgerald and the USS John McCain. This bill directs the Navy to assess the checks and balances in its chain of command so operational demands are appropriately balanced with ship train-ing, certification, and maintenance. It limits to 10 years the period in which ships may be forward deployed and re-quires that ship readiness inspections be conducted on a no-notice basis, with results made available for the public to see. These changes are critical. We owe it to our sailors, and we can’t afford to have our naval assets out of commis-sion with so much at stake as competi-tors seek to counter time-honored norms, such as the right to transit international waters freely. Mr. Speaker, the important provi-sions of this bill showcase what we in Congress can accomplish when we col-lectively choose to work with our col-leagues across the aisle and trust the committee process to produce a fair and balanced result. Even more impressive is the fact that passage of this NDAA is the earliest it has come in 20 years. This defies the constant narrative of a dysfunctional Congress. Again, I commend the skill-ful leadership of Mr. T
HORNBERRY and Mr. SMITH, as well as Senators M CCAIN and R
EEDacross the Capitol, in helping shepherd this legislation to the point where it is today. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge all Members to vote for passage of this measure. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. H
ARTZLER ), distin-guished chair of the Subcommittee on Oversight. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference re-port for the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, and I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY , Ranking Member S
MITH, all the conferees, and the committee staff for their dedi-cated, hard work on this important piece of legislation. This bipartisan bill provides our troops the equipment, resources, and training they so desperately need. It authorizes a 2.6 percent pay increase for our troops, authorizes 24 additional F–18 Super Hornets, invests in A–10 modifications, fully funds the B–21 bomber program, and funds various bomber modernization programs to en-sure our current bomber fleet remains operational until the B–21 comes on-line. I am delighted that this bill includes a provision that raises the Air National Guard control grade cap to ensure that the ANG is properly resourced. The lack of control grades severely re-stricts the ANG’s ability to recruit full-time officers separating from Ac-tive Duty in the Air Force, many of whom are much-needed pilots. Raising this cap will help fill these needed slots. The bill also includes a vital provi-sion that prohibits Federal agencies from purchasing certain Chinese-made telecommunications and video surveil-lance equipment. The Chinese Government is using every avenue at its disposal to target the United States, including expanding the role of Chinese companies in the U.S. domestic communications and public safety sectors. This provision takes a necessary step to protect the U.S. government from significant vul-nerabilities. These are just a few of the examples of hundreds of provisions included in this bill that invest in our troops and combat attempts by our adversaries to undermine and threaten the United States. Once again, I would like to thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY for his leader-ship. This is the earliest that we have voted on the NDAA conference report in decades, and I strongly believe it is because of Chairman T
HORNBERRY ’s dedication to our military. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this bi-partisan bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). I note she is retiring from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.026 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7704 July 26, 2018 
Congress this year, and I really appre-ciate her tremendous service on the Armed Services Committee and to this body. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member S
MITH for his always knowledgeable and articulate leader-ship. I have appreciated it very much as I have served on this committee. Mr. Speaker, it has been my privilege to serve as the ranking member of the Tactical Air and Land Forces Sub-committee, alongside my colleague and friend, Chairman M
IKETURNER of Ohio. I, once again, thank Mr. T
URNER for the spirit of bipartisanship and collegiality he has shown over the years on this subcommittee and on the many other issues on which we have worked closely, including addressing the scourge of sexual assault in the military. Among many important provisions, this year’s bill includes measures aimed at providing increased oversight over key naval aircraft and makes cru-cial investments in research and devel-opment aimed at better protecting the men and women we send into harm’s way. This is the last NDAA that I will have the privilege of helping craft. I am grateful to have had the oppor-tunity to serve on the House Armed Services Committee for the last 11 years, a committee that has such a proud tradition of bipartisan coopera-tion and, as such, is a model for the country during these challenging times. I commend the committee, under the leadership of Chairman T
HORNBERRY  and Ranking Member S
MITH, and the many members of the professional staff for their work in managing such an im-portant and complex piece of legisla-tion in such a timely manner. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the conference report, so aptly named for the heroic Senator J
OHNMCCAIN. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ), distin-guished chair of the Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill and the accompanying conference re-port for the FY19 National Defense Au-thorization Act. As the chairwoman of the Sub-committee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, I am proud of our over-sight and legislative initiatives this year, which have included: Strengthening our cyber warfare ca-pabilities and policies. Energizing our science and tech-nology enterprise. Enabling our special operations forces around the globe. Providing resources and authorities to counterterrorism and unconven-tional warfare threats. And advancing programs and activi-ties that counter the spread of weapons of mass destruction. The bill before the House incor-porates three broad subcommittee themes: First, this bill takes seriously the cyber threats from our adversaries to-wards this Nation, which is why the bill strengthens our whole-of-govern-ment cybersecurity posture by improv-ing coordination and partnering be-tween the DOD and DHS to prevent and respond to cyberattacks against our critical infrastructure. It also affirms and clarifies cyber-space, cyber warfare, and cyber deter-rence policy to combat malicious cyber activities from adversaries like China, Russia, and North Korea, who are tar-geting the United States. We also re-quire the DOD to provide congressional notification of cybersecurity breaches and the loss of controlled information from cleared defense contractors. Second, we build upon previous NDAAs by advancing prototyping and testing of directed-energy weapons and hypersonic vehicles and by accel-erating these technologies by author-izing an additional $285 million. Third, the bill places emphasis on policy and programs to advance AI, machine learning, quantum sciences, and other critical national security technologies. We also establish a Na-tional Security Commission on Artifi-cial Intelligence to conduct a thorough review of the wide-ranging military ap-plications of this decisive technology. Additionally, this bill authorizes the largest pay raise for our troops in 9 years. It helps improve employment opportunities for military spouses and increases transparency in the military healthcare system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill and vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH and the profes-sional and personal staff for all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, this year’s NDAA is multifaceted, and it is complex. It con-tains many good things for our service-members, but it also contains areas of concern. I support this year’s NDAA’s new re-forms designed to restore the readi-ness, capability, and capacity of a force that has been asked to do too much with too little. The conference report contains a number of policy items fo-cused on servicemembers’ quality of life in a wide range of areas, including healthcare for disabled veterans, care for servicemembers’ children, mental health services, sexual assault preven-tion, maternity leave, and retention of women in the military. This bill also contains language ac-knowledging the critical role women play in the security of their country. It contains provisions ensuring that Af-ghan and Syrian women are not over-looked as a critical component in con-flict resolution. I would also like to reiterate an area of concern. Developing new low-yield nuclear weapons when we currently have more nuclear weapons than we can ever possibly use is not just a waste of money; it also lowers the threshold required before a nuclear conflict begins. A nuclear weapon is a nuclear weapon, no matter what its size. Any nuclear use would fundamen-tally change the rules of the game. We do not follow the dangerous and reckless Russian doctrine of escalate to deescalate. We shouldn’t mirror their reckless strategy. What do we hope to gain strategically by proliferating low- yield weapons? Mr. Speaker, this is a strong bipar-tisan bill which will help our Nation protect itself in a changing world. I recommend a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), a distinguished subcommittee chair from the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of major reforms included in the National Defense Authorization Act conference report regarding the Committee on Foreign Investments in the United States and export controls. I thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for his excellent leadership in addressing the readiness crisis and giving our men and women in uniform the tools they need to de-fend our freedoms. The House Financial Services Com-mittee held four hearings on CFIUS re-form, inviting a diverse set of wit-nesses that ranged from government officials who currently serve on CFIUS to members of the defense, intel-ligence, and business communities. We also held numerous briefings and meetings with experts, equally diverse as those who testified before the com-mittee, on the threat that China and other adversaries pose to the national security of the United States. In the end, I am pleased to see we have a bipartisan, bicameral product that reflects the work and views of these experts. Specifically, these critical reforms counteract the surge in malign foreign investment from China that threatens our national security by enhancing the review process of transactions where our enemies could steal technologies and infrastructure critical to the de-fense of our country. The gaps that we have closed in secu-rity that China and other adversaries have circumvented from CFIUS review include noncontrolling investments, joint ventures, and acquisition of real estate near sensitive military sites. At the same time, these reforms en-sure that America’s doors remain open to benign foreign direct investment that in 2016 added $894 billion to the value of the U.S. economy and that support 6.8 million workers today in this country. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman P
ITTENGER , Senator C ORNYN , Congressman H
ECK, Chairman H EN-
SARLING , Chairman T HORNBERRY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.027 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7705 July 26, 2018 
Chairman C RAPO , Ranking Member W
ATERS , and House and Senate leader-ship for their dedication to getting these much-needed reforms done in a bipartisan way. And I encourage my colleagues to support the underlying bill, the NDAA conference report. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. V
EASEY ). Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for the conference report for the National Defense Au-thorization Act of 2019. This bipartisan piece of legislation is crucial for our Nation’s armed services, and it is an honor and privilege to be selected again to serve as a conferee. b1115 We have over 15 major military in-stallations in Texas, and NDAA funds key defense and scientific research in-dustries throughout the State, and es-pecially for the constituents that I serve in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex. This bill ensures our mili-tary is supported with the research they need to complete their missions and face the national security chal-lenges at home and abroad. This is a crucial time for Democrats and Republicans to find ways to work together for solutions that will ensure the safety of the United States and our allies—now, really, more so today than ever before. This bill will make great strides in achieving that mission. This bill pro-vides the highest pay increase for our troops in a decade, funds innovation in emerging technologies that will in-crease aviation readiness, and requires the DOD establish a pilot program to maximize opioid safety in the military health system by monitoring con-trolled substances for servicemembers. It is also a great point of pride in Texas that we supply some of the best military and defense readiness equip-ment for our armed services. Many of the Nation’s F–35 Joint Strike Fighters are built in Fort Worth, and Lockheed Martin is one of the metroplex’s larg-est employers. I will continue to fight tirelessly for additional funding for F– 35s to ensure that our Armed Forces have the most advanced jet fighters in the world. Democrats have also succeeded in taking out funding for the wall, which I think was very important in this bill. I was disappointed about taxpayer dol-lars being spent to fund a very extrava-gant military parade that I don’t think that we need. I think it shows authoritarianism. However, this bill funding makes great progress in im-proving our military readiness and con-tinues to demonstrate America’s resil-ience and strength. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ), a leader on CFIUS reform. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his exemplary leadership on behalf of our military and in defense of our country. We are deeply grateful for him. Mr. Speaker, I say today how pleased and grateful I am that our Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act is being included in the NDAA bill. To that end, I thank Chairman HEN-
SARLING , Ranking Member W ATERS , Heath Tarbert with the Treasury De-partment, Clark Fonda, my chief, so many people, A
NDYBARR, who contrib-uted to this process to make sure that we are in a position of strength. For over 2 years, I have led these ef-forts to prevent Chinese and other ad-versarial nation-states from acquiring our sophisticated technology in our military. This bill, this Foreign Invest-ment Risk Review Modernization Act, was the result of countless meetings throughout our assembly, as well as throughout this district, of talking to multiple people in the industry, as well as our intelligence community and de-fense, to make sure that we had done the job to allow adequate oversight for these investments. FIRRMA will broaden the jurisdic-tion of CFIUS in several key areas, in-cluding minority noncontrolling in-vestments and certain real estate transactions close to national security sites. FIRRMA strengthens our export control laws and creates an inter-agency review to cover overseas joint ventures. Overall, this bill closes sev-eral key loopholes in the CFIUS proc-ess. Today, I do believe that the passage of the NDAA and FIRRMA legislation will help improve national security and combat aggressive Chinese efforts to secure our technology. I thank all who participated in this process, and I commend this bill to our Congress to pass. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. M
URPHY ), who is a member of the Armed Services Committee and also served on the con-ference committee this term. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, as a former DOD employee, I know our men and women in uniform must have the authorities and resources to get the job done. They must be well equipped in order to deter and defeat adversaries. That is why I strongly urge my colleagues to pass the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. I thank Chairman T
HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S
MITH for their lead-ership on this bipartisan bill. As a member of the Armed Services Com-mittee and of the conference com-mittee that reconciled the House and Senate versions of the bill, I am hon-ored to have played a role in crafting this final product. We must fight for our servicemem-bers as hard as they have fought for us. We must give them the tools they need to succeed not only on the battlefield, but also once they leave the service. Our military produces remarkably talented and well-trained individuals, but too many of these warriors strug-gle to transition to the civilian world. That is why I am so pleased that the core of my bill, the BATTLE for Serv-icemembers Act, was included in the NDAA. This provision improves DOD’s Transition Assistance Program, which helps departing servicemembers pre-pare for life after the military. Specifically, my provision ensures departing servicemembers take a spe-cialized 2-day course to prepare them to attend college, learn a trade, or start a small business. These targeted courses are optional under current law, and, as a result, few servicemembers can take advantage of them. I am hope-ful my provision will lead to increased participation in these courses so that more men and women in our military will be prepared to make a successful transition to civilian life. I am also proud the NDAA includes the full text of my bill to modernize SBA’s microloan program, which pro-vides small-dollar loans to aspiring and existing entrepreneurs, including vet-eran entrepreneurs. I urge my colleagues on both sides to support this bill. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I inform the Chair that at this point I have no additional speakers other than myself to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this bill. I am pleased that this bill is being named after Senator M
CCAIN. It has been my privilege to work with him in one particular area: dealing with the people who worked with us in Afghani-stan and Iraq on special immigrant visas. Along with the late Senator Ken-nedy, over the last 10 years, we worked to try and help these people who put their lives on the line to help our forces as guides, as interpreters, who are now being left to the tender mer-cies of people with long memories, like the Taliban and al-Qaida. Their lives are at risk, as are their family mem-bers’. We still have 17,000 applicants who want to have these visas to come to the United States to safety. I am disappointed that we have been unable to have the funding for addi-tional visa allocations. I appreciate that due to an accounting convention, this would be at the expense of other important things that are being fought for. But I would hope that we are able to focus on what the costs would have been to us if we didn’t have those peo-ple helping us in Afghanistan and Iraq. It would have been far more expensive. And like you, I have met with people whose lives were saved because they put themselves at risk, and we are leaving them behind. My friend, Kirk Johnson, wrote a book: ‘‘To Be a Friend Is Fatal: The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.029 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7706 July 26, 2018 
Fight to Save the Iraqis America Left Behind.’’ And for these people, being a friend of the United States is fatal. Their lives are at risk every day. I hope, as this process goes forward, we can either deal with the accounting convention or try and find some money to rescue these people. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oregon for his comments because this is an issue we wrestle with in con-ference committee every year. We should be getting visas to those people who helped us out. For some reason, it is a mandatory score in terms of what it costs; and as I mentioned on the other issue, we struggle to find mandatory money. But rest assured, this is a priority that we will continue to fight for because I know how important this issue is, and I thank the gentleman for raising that. On the bill itself, let me say I intend to support the defense bill. I haven’t al-ways supported the defense bill. It is part of a collaborative process. We worked together and tried to generate a good piece of legislation, and I think, on balance, we did that this year. Number one, when you start with the top-line number, the budget agreement that we got earlier this year for FY18 and FY19 helped a great deal because it put in place clear top-line numbers for defense and for the rest of discre-tionary spending. And that has been the battle. Let me just say clearly that ever since the Budget Control Act was passed in 2011—and I know they have reasons for why that was passed—the military and the rest of our discre-tionary budget has had to live under, I think it is, three or four government shutdowns, multiple threatened gov-ernment shutdowns, continuing resolu-tions, and, in general, complete uncer-tainty on how much money they were going to have from one month to the next. This is a horrible way to run the gov-ernment. We need to come up with a fiscal policy that sets clearly what we are going to spend on discretionary spending and gets it done as close to October 1 as possible. This has a devastating impact on our military’s ability to be prepared to de-fend this Nation, to be prepared to fight the fights that we ask them to fight. It is worth noting, it also has a dev-astating impact on all other aspects of the discretionary budget: on infra-structure, education, just to name a couple. So getting back to regular order on fiscal policy is enormously important. I will also note—and I chose not to belabor the point this year, though I have talked about it in the past—that the Budget Control Act alone is not the problem. We do need to get rid of the Budget Control Act because it is a ter-rible way to budget and govern, but even once we do that, we still have a $22 trillion debt. We just passed another massive tax cut, and when you project out where our budget is going to be, we are look-ing at trillion-dollar deficits for as far as the eye can see and the largest debt that we have ever had as a nation, even as a percentage of GDP. The most important thing that we can do to give a guarantee of predict-ability to the men and women who serve in the military is to address the fiscal issues that we face as a nation. If we honestly address those issues, we are going to have a devil of a time pay-ing for everything in the military that I know some on this floor would like. So we need to get to a consistent fis-cal policy if we are going to have the dependability that I know the chair-man wants, that I know everybody in this committee wants going forward; and if we don’t do that, that uncer-tainty is going to continue going for-ward. Let me just say that to get the prop-er fiscal policy is going to require us to honestly assess the problems we face. And I will say just one more quick word about that before returning back to the bill. Earlier this year, or earlier this ses-sion, we passed, as I mentioned, a sig-nificant tax cut. We passed a signifi-cant increase in spending. I think the tax cut was roughly $2 trillion. The in-crease in spending was $500 billion. And then the very next week, we put on the floor a constitutional amendment to balance the budget. There were 134 Members of this body who voted for the tax cut, for the spending increase, and for the constitu-tional amendment to balance the budg-et. That doesn’t make any sense. That doesn’t add up. That is pure politics be-cause, by and large, people want to see their taxes cut and they want to see their favorite programs increased and they would like to have a balanced budget. So we tried to do all three and wind up in a horribly inconsistent posi-tion. I would urge all of us to continue to work to get to some fiscal policy that makes sense because the result of a fis-cal policy that doesn’t add up is budg-etary uncertainty for the discretionary budget, the largest portion of which is the Department of Defense. This bill does the very important job of setting defense policy for this coun-try, and most important in all of that is it makes sure that the men and women who fight and serve in our mili-tary have the training and the equip-ment they need to carry out the mis-sions that we give them. Now, again, going forward, we have big challenges. We have never faced a more complex threat environment. We face Russia and China and Iran and North Korea and terrorist organiza-tions spread out all over the globe. It is incredibly complicated and difficult, and it is going to be very expensive, unless we make some smart choices. So we are going to have a tough time meeting the budgetary requirements that we have, no matter what. But in this bill, I think we addressed all those issues, and I think we ad-dressed them very well and in a bipar-tisan fashion. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we do work with our allies to confront the challenges in Russia and China, which are critically important to us going forward. We also, thanks to the chairman’s leadership, continue our effort at ac-quisition reform, because one thing is for sure: Given the budget reality that I just described, no matter what, we are going to need to make sure that every dollar we spend at the Pentagon is well spent. Acquisition reform is one of the keys to getting us to that point, to more efficiently spending our money. I want to close by thanking the chairman, thanking Senator M
CCAIN, Senator I
NHOFE , who was also a big part of the process this year, and Sen-ator R
EED, and all the members of the Armed Services Committee and their staff. Once again, I want to reiterate, in this committee, we do legislation the way it is supposed to be done: bipar-tisan and under regular order. This place can work. The legislative process can work. We had a very long markup in the Armed Services Committee in which we considered a lot of issues, debated them, had votes, then we went to the floor, then we went to conference com-mittee, and we produced what I think is an excellent product for the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the conference report and again thank the chairman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1130 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation to all of the Members who came to speak on the conference report today. Yet, I have the feeling we have only begun to scratch the surface of all of the issues that are addressed in this bill. Mr. Speaker, this is a big bill. It is about 1,800 pages big. About 200 pages of that is the CFIUS reform, led by the Financial Services Committee and the Foreign Affairs Committee, but there is a lot that is in this bill. The distin-guished ranking member just talked a bit about reform. This bill eliminates a number of re-quirements that Congress had put on the Department of Defense in previous years. It streamlines some decision-making. It begins to put in some sort of comprehensible order all of the laws related to acquisition. It requires that there be savings of overhead expenses of a number of DOD agencies that have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.031 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7707 July 26, 2018 
not been addressed before. I could go on and on. There was a Secretary of Defense who wrote a book a few years ago, who complained about this bill, who said that it is too much that Congress is doing to tell us what to do. Yet, I would remind all of us, Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution puts that exact responsibility on our shoul-ders. It says that it is Congress’ job to raise and support, provide and main-tain, and make the rules and regula-tions for military forces of the United States. This is the bill by which we carry out that responsibility. It is our job to do it. And this bill is the product, as you have heard, of Members of both sides of the aisle throughout the process. There have been, approximately, 1,005 amendments that have been proposed at some point in this process: sub-committee, full committee, floor con-sideration, and then on to conference. About an equal number of them were Republicans and Democrats. We have come together, as we have for each of the past 57 years, to exer-cise our constitutional responsibilities on behalf of the men and women who risk their lives to protect us. I would certainly join with the rank-ing member and other Members, who have said: Now, in order to get the full benefit of this, we need to have an ap-propriations bill that matches, on time, before the end of the fiscal year. Mr. Speaker, over the course of this debate today, you have heard a lot of thanks. It is appropriate because, obvi-ously, it takes a lot of work, by a lot of people, to put together an 1,800-page bill and try to think through the con-sequences of what it means for us, what it means for our servicemembers, and what it means for our allies around the world. It truly is a team effort, a bipartisan team effort. And I believe the reason that is so, the reason it has passed every year, and has been signed into law every year for the past 57 years, is because of the men and women, of whom we are so proud, who risk their lives to protect us and our freedom. They continue to be at the forefront of our thoughts. It is on their behalf, and for their benefit, that we bring this conference report, urge its adoption, and appreciate their service to the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the Conference Report on the National De-fense Authorization Act for 2019. I support the NDAA legislation and will vote for its adoption on the House Floor today, but I have serious reservations about how the Speaker’s protocol on outside conferees was implemented for the conference on this bill. As a response to this problem, I chose not to sign the conference report. The Speaker’s protocol is not new, but it has become increasingly problematic for the Foreign Affairs Committee, on which I serve as the Ranking Member. Every year, the NDAA includes more than a hundred provi-sions that affect the jurisdiction of our com-mittee. I take our responsibilities to review and negotiate these provisions extremely seriously. Unfortunately, under the Speaker’s protocol, we are not appointed as outside conferees on provisions the Speaker or parliamentarians consider to be minor. I understand the motivation behind this pro-tocol. The conference process has to operate efficiently. However, many provisions that are deemed minor under the protocol are in fact far from minor. They extend major programs or mandate congressional oversight of critical issues. The Foreign Affairs Committee brings an important perspective that is distinct from the perspective of the Armed Services Com-mittee, and we should have a formal role in all provisions under our jurisdiction. If the committee of jurisdiction on foreign policy matters is not allowed to have con-ferees on important areas of the bill, then our only alternative is to claim sequential jurisdic-tion over the committee-reported NDAA and act on it prior to House consideration. I want to thank Ranking Member S
MITH, and his staff, for working closely with us during the conference this year. They included us fully in the process, and we are deeply grateful for this cooperation. But we need to ensure we are not just consulted, but also named as out-side conferees on the entire range of provi-sions that fall into our jurisdiction. I strongly support the goals of the National Defense Au-thorization Act, and I look forward to working with the Speaker and the Office of the Parlia-mentarian next year to ensure that the Foreign Affairs Committee is a full participant. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote against the Conference Report for H.R. 5515, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year (FY) 2019. The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support, including giving serv-icemen and women a well-deserved raise of 2.6 percent. Those who serve in uniform have made extraordinary sacrifices for our country and have earned and deserve a pay raise. It also includes $6.3 billion, the largest amount ever, for the European Deterrence Initiative to help protect Eastern Europe from further Rus-sian aggression. Despite these important initiatives, I have strong concerns with a number of provisions included in the Conference Report. This legis-lation authorizes more than $708 billion, in-cluding $69 billion to the Overseas Contin-gency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the De-partment of Defense (DOD) has yet to com-plete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how the biggest bureaucracy in the fed-eral government spends their money. In fact, a shocking report released in December 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste that the Pen-tagon tried to hide from the public. I refuse to support increased bureaucratic waste at the expense of American taxpayers and our men and women in uniform. A more accountable and transparent department would ensure taxpayer dollars are directed to-wards the needs of our troops and the bene-fits they deserve, rather than buying unneces-sary weapon systems and giving the president a blank check to fund wars Congress hasn’t authorized. I have always advocated for maintaining Congress’s constitutionally-confirmed preroga-tive to declare war under the War Powers Act and limiting the President’s authority to en-gage in armed conflict without the consent of Congress. I strongly oppose the NDAA’s con-tinued authorization of spending for wars that are not congressionally approved. The Pen-tagon uses the 2001 Authorization of Use of Military Force (AUMF) to continue to justify the 17 years our troops have been fighting in the Middle East. President Trump has sent troops to Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere without seek-ing a new AUMF, a violation of the War Pow-ers Act. Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The prison at Guantanamo Bay has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, under-mined U.S. missions abroad, and put U.S. citi-zens and our troops at risk of retaliation. Congress can make responsible cuts to our defense budget without jeopardizing the safety of our troops or undermining our national se-curity. Fiscal responsibility and accountability at the Pentagon would allow for funds to be better spent supporting the basic needs of our troops, meeting our obligations to veterans of past wars, and ensuring our true defense needs are prioritized. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5515, the John S. McCain Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. I wish to thank Chairman THORN -
BERRY , Ranking Member S MITH, Chairman M
CCAIN, Senator I NHOFE , and Ranking Mem-ber R
EED for their leadership throughout the conferencing of this bill. The bill contains a number of significant policy and funding initia-tives that continue our commitment to main-taining military personnel and family readi-ness. To that end, this bill: Increases end strength across the Services and reserve components allowing the military services to increase mission readiness while reducing strain on service members and their families; Extends pay and bonuses for service mem-bers in high demand fields, providing the mili-tary services with necessary tools to attract and retain critical talent; Improves the Transition Assistance Program to ensure that service members who are leav-ing the military receive training and resources tailored to their post-military career plans; Requires a comprehensive review of wound-ed warrior care and mental health care serv-ices, ensuring the highest possible quality of care to those who have sacrificed for our na-tion; The bill also continues to provide oversight of critical issues, including additional protec-tions for victims of sexual harassment, im-provements to the Department of Defense’s process for reporting crimes to the FBI data-base, and the establishment of a Department of Defense prescription drug monitoring pro-gram to share information with state drug monitoring programs. In conclusion, I want to thank my fellow con-ferees for their contributions to this truly bi- partisan conference report, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the 2019 National Defense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.033 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7708 July 26, 2018 
Authorization Act due to its importance to our national security. However, I do have signifi-cant concern over a last minute change to the bill that stripped funding for an important re-capitalization program for the Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS). When the House passed this legislation, in a very bi-partisan manner, it included $623 million to continue the JSTARS Recapitaliza-tion program. This program was aimed to con-tinue a vital combat capability for our ground forces as a battle management command and control asset. However, during the conference these funds were eliminated from the bill. Although this legislation provides for signifi-cant improvement to our national security, in-cluding pay raises for servicemembers, mod-ernization efforts for equipment, cybersecurity enhancements, and many benefits for our mili-tary families, amongst other notable improve-ments, the absence of this capability is worri-some. The 116th Air Control Wing based at Robins Air Force Base, the ‘‘Eyes of the Night,’’ exe-cutes the JSTARs mission, and has been doing so continuously since 9/11. Our combat-ant commanders rely heavily on JSTARS, and for nearly 20 years, this capability has been consistently utilized in support of our ground forces. Although I am pleased with the recent an-nouncement that the Air Force will be making Robins Air Force Base the home for the Ad-vanced Battle-Management System (ABMS), this capability is years off. Stripping funding for recapitalization will put current combat control capabilities at risk, potentially for over a dec-ade. JSTARS is of significant importance to our ground forces and this decision will have significant repercussions. To reiterate, this bill does ensure we are completing our Constitutional responsibility to ‘‘Raise an Army.’’ However, I will continue to act with my oversight capabilities to ensure JSTARS remains available to our combat sol-diers until the Air Force employs a solution that can be employed for our servicemembers whom desperately need this capability. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong oppo-sition to the conference report to H.R. 5515, which is the 2019 National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. This bill authorizes more than $708 billion in defense spending. Yet we know that there is at least $150 billion in waste, fraud, and abuse currently over at the Pentagon. Now we are giving them more money. Shame on us. This is an already out-of-control, bloated Pentagon budget. Mr. Speaker, it would also increase funding to $69 billion for wars that Congress has never debated or voted on. Once again, my Republican colleagues have used off-the- books spending gimmicks to further expand the bloated Pentagon budget. Enough is enough, Mr. Speaker. Instead of writing blank checks to the Pentagon, Con-gress needs to live up to its constitutional obli-gation to debate matters of war and peace. I offered an amendment to sunset the 2001 Au-thorization for Use of Military Force after 8 months of enactment during the regular de-bate of this bill. Congress would have 8 months to debate and vote on a new AUMF before the repeal. Eight months is plenty of time. Mr. Speaker, we passed the 2001 AUMF within 3 days, mind you. Unfortunately, Republicans refused to allow my bipartisan amendment on the Floor. When in the world will this body have the backbone to debate the costs and con-sequences of these wars? Our brave troops deserve better. We need to do our job. I am pleased, though, that some of my amendments—which are very important amendments—were included in the con-ference report. They include clarifying that nothing in this bill can be construed as author-izing force against North Korea—that is the use of military force. Also, we included reporting requirements for auditing the Pentagon. We need the Pentagon audited so that taxpayers will really begin to know where their hard-earned tax dollars are going and what weapons systems they are contributing to in terms of the building of weapons systems which probably will never be used, a report and update on the United States-Kabul compact, and also overseas con-tingency operations reporting requirements. Can you believe we are spending all this money on a slush fund through OCO, and we don’t know what is going on with that ac-count? The underlying bill is still a disgrace. In conclusion, I just want to reiterate that authorizing wars with no end, no debate, and no vote is unconstitutional, and it is wrong. I call on Speaker R
YANto bring forth an au-thorization because every step of the way, we are trying in a bipartisan fashion to do this, and it is the Speaker’s call. He should do that so that we can debate and vote up or down on these wars. So, this final bill should not be passed just based on the amount of money that we are giving to the Pentagon to do more than ensure our national security and fight terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I urge a no vote and reject this shameful bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1027, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the conference re-port. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 359, nays 54, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 379] YEAS—359 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.012 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7709 July 26, 2018 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—54 
Amash Bass Blumenauer Bonamici Buck Capuano Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cohen DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Duncan (TN) Eshoo Espaillat Gabbard Gomez Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Lee Lewis (GA) Lofgren Lowenthal Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Pocan Polis Raskin Rush Schakowsky Serrano Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Black Blackburn Blum Bost Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Ellison Gohmert Hanabusa Jones Labrador Marino Rokita Speier Walz 
b1210 Ms. FUDGE changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the conference report was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 4645. An act to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain seg-ments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System. f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.R. 134 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may here-after be considered to be the first spon-sor of H.R. 134, the Home Foreclosure Reduction Act, a bill originally intro-duced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. FAIR TRADE (Mr. MITCHELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that, for too long, many coun-tries have taken advantage of our country’s patience and open trade prac-tices. Our country must achieve fair trade. I understand and support going after bad actors like China, who engage in notoriously unfair trade practices and steal intellectual property. It appears progress is being made with the Euro-pean Union with yesterday’s announce-ment. While achieving this, we need to protect our domestic industries and producers. I have heard concerns from farmers and manufacturers back home in Michigan who are being threatened by retaliatory tariffs from our trading partners. Growth for American agri-culture lies in export markets. Domes-tic manufacturers often have complex supply chains, and sometimes imported materials are their only option. My constituents support holding un-fair trading partners accountable. They just ask for support and protection while we achieve fair trade for all Americans. f 
b1215 REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF AIR FORCE STAFF SERGEANT JAMES GROTJAN (Mr. COURTNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of one of our Nation’s brave servicemembers, Air Force Staff Sergeant James Grotjan, who lost his life in an accident while in the line of duty in the United Arab Emirates earlier this month. His un-timely passing while supporting our Nation’s mission to defeat ISIS in Iraq and Syria is a reminder of the risks our brave servicemen and -women place themselves in each and every day to protect our country. Staff Sergeant Grotjan, who went by Tyler, followed his father’s footsteps into military service. After graduating from Bacon Academy in Colchester, Connecticut, Tyler joined the Air Force and eventually joined the 4th Civil Engineer Squadron at Johnson Air Force Base in North Carolina. His father recently said that Tyler’s military service made him ‘‘the proud-est father on the planet.’’ It takes a special kind of person to join the mili-tary. These are the kind people who write a blank check for their life to protect the country, and he was that guy. He absolutely loved the military. This Saturday his family and friends in southeastern Connecticut will pause for a few hours to lay Staff Sergeant Grotjan to rest and reflect on his life of giving. In front of his mother’s house in Waterford there is a sign that reads: ‘‘Fly free with the angels.’’ Mr. Speaker, I know that I join with all of Connecticut and the whole House in offering our thoughts and prayers to Staff Sergeant Grotjan’s wife, Taylor; his mother, Laura; his father, Randy; his seven brothers and sisters; family; and friends, and pray that he will ‘‘fly free with the angels.’’ f 
RECOGNIZING THE 7/20 MEMORIAL FOR THE AURORA THEATRE SHOOTING (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the installation of the 7/20 Memorial in the city of Aurora. This memorial is dedicated to those who lost their lives, the wounded, and the countless families impacted by the theater shooting tragedy. On July 20th, 2012, 13 members of our community were killed and 70 more were injured when a lone gunman senselessly opened fire in a crowded movie theater. This crime devastated our community, the families who lost loved ones, as well as those who suf-fered lifelong injuries. On July 27, 2018, the city of Aurora is dedicating a memorial designed by the world renown artist, Douwe Blumberg. Mr. Blumberg’s piece is titled: Ascentiate. The sculpture displays 83 cranes outstretched in flight to rep-resent the victims of the shooting. Thirteen clear cranes in the middle of the garden represent those who lost their lives. This memorial is designed to provide comfort for those in need. Let us all re-member this tragedy by recognizing the 7/20 Memorial and the memorial foundation for commemorating the vic-tims and their families. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 28th ANNIVER-SARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. In 1990, the bipartisan effort to identify disability rights as civil rights became the foundation for reducing discrimina-tion for the disability community. The enactment the ADA was a groundbreaking acknowledgment that people with disabilities deserve the dig-nity of full participation and integra-tion into daily life. It eliminated countless physical and societal bar-riers, and it increased access to edu-cation, employment, housing, and transportation. Yet, as we remember this historic day and look back on all that we have accomplished, let us rec-ognize that there is so much more to be done. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.007 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7710 July 26, 2018 
It is up to each and every one of us to promote greater access and inclusion and the opportunity to lead life with dignity so that we can one day realize the full promise of the ADA. Because when we fight for the inclusion and equality of individuals with disabil-ities, we also fight for a world that is characterized by inclusion and equality for all. 
f 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT (Mr. FORTENBERRY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, this is very good timing. I want to thank the gentleman from Rhode Is-land (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) for his thoughtful and important words because I wanted to speak to the same topic. This week, a dedicated group of Ne-braskans with disabilities visited my office. And what was their mission? To remind us all here in Washington of the importance of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act, and the importance of continuing to work toward progress in its implementation. Where did this come from? It was fueled by a chorus of voices many years ago who refused to accept a second- class status in our country. And it was driven by a moment in our country when we recognized that we are strong-er and more vibrant when we draw on the talents of all people. The ADA enshrined into law the no-tion that Americans living with dis-abilities deserve to participate in our society free from discrimination, and have access to integrated, community- based services. Mr. Speaker, the ADA helped open up schools and workplaces, stadiums, parks, trolleys, and buses regardless of a person’s disability. It also ensured that healthcare providers offer reason-able accommodations and effective communication for their patients with disabilities. Mr. Speaker, there is still more work to do. 
f 
HONORING BOY SCOUT TROOP 221 (Mrs. DEMINGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Boy Scout Troop 221 of Apopka, Florida. They truly exemplify of the Scout values of duty, service, character, leadership, and self-reliance. Last year, they led the Central Flor-ida Council in community service. To-gether, they volunteered over 4,000 hours of their time. One project was a memorial to the victims of the Sep-tember 11th attacks created by Eagle Scout Christian Lamphere in honor of the first responders who died in the at-tacks. Christian wanted his community to know the risks that our first respond-ers take every day. For that project, Christian won the Central Florida Eagle Scout Project of the Year. This week, I had the honor to meet with Troop 221 here in Washington. I am proud of all of our Scouts, thankful for all they do for the community, and I can’t wait to see what they do next. f 
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ROOT OUT GOVERNMENT CORRUPTION (Mr. HUNTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, imagine living in a country where the Federal Government decides whether you are jailed or set free based on your politics. Well, don’t imagine anymore. It is real and it is happening right here. My col-leagues are right to introduce Articles of Impeachment against Deputy Attor-ney General Rod Rosenstein. The Department of Justice is cor-rupt, answerable to no one, and uses a law to extort the American people and effect political change. Loretta Lynch, James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Rod Rosenstein, Bob Mueller, and countless others in the DOJ and FBI who will never be found out, tried to undermine our last Presidential election and de-stroy our President, duly elected by the American people. Mr. Speaker, I call on this Congress to root out all of the corrupt lawyers and bureaucrats in the DOJ and FBI so the greatest President of my genera-tion can do the work that the Amer-ican people duly elected him to do. Over the next 5 weeks, Congress will not be around to watch the President’s back and hold those subversive, par-tisan officials accountable. For 5 weeks, the lies and coverups and de-struction of the President and his fam-ily and associates will continue unchal-lenged. The President needs the support and prayers of the American people now more than ever. I look forward to the day when the American people can trust the institutions created to pro-tect them, instead of fearing the ret-ribution of a rigged, politically driven, and corrupt legal system. 
f 
AMERICAN GROWN FLOWERS MONTH (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I recog-nize July as American Grown Flowers Month. I am proud to offer this rec-ognition since my district on the cen-tral coast of California produces many cut flowers, including $62 million worth in 2016. The cut flower industry doesn’t just offer a product. It provides jobs, invest-ment, and, of course, beauty to our communities. Now, despite changes, trade condi-tions, and ongoing international uncer-tainty within the market, this indus-try survives because those in the cut flower industry, like many of their an-cestors who immigrated here, are will-ing to take risks by pivoting, adjust-ing, and making sure that their busi-nesses continue to bloom. As co-chair of the Congressional Cut Flowers Caucus and as a member of the Agriculture Committee, I am working to ensure that our producers who want to remain or even enter into the indus-try now not only have the opportunity, but the tools they need to succeed and grow. So I ask you to help this American- made industry by supporting invest-ments in research and innovation, for access to accurate industry data at USDA, and to work to ensure an avail-able workforce through immigration reform. Do this so that those American pro-ducers can continue to do what they do best: grow flowers, contribute to our community, and bring joy into the lives of all of our constituents. f 
CONGRATULATING LYNETTA USHER GRINER (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Lynetta Usher Griner, an outstanding community leader and a friend, on being named the 2018 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Ag Expo Flor-ida Farmer of the Year. Lynetta is a timber and beef cattle producer who operates a large, success-ful agricultural business in north Flor-ida. Her operation is a model for suc-cess and sustainability, and she has been recognized on many occasions for her effective natural resource con-servation. Lynetta’s businesses have received the Florida Audubon Sustainable For-estry Award, the Florida Farm Bu-reau’s CARES Award, and the Logger of the Year Award from the Florida Forestry Association. Aside from her dedication to the tim-ber and beef industry, Lynetta is an outstanding community leader. She has served on the Suwannee River Water Management District’s gov-erning board for over 14 years and was named the first female president of the Florida Forestry Association. Additionally, Lynetta regularly ad-vocates for good and effective farm policies at both the local and national levels. It is my greatest honor to represent Floridians like Lynetta in the United States Congress. Her selfless leadership and dedication to her industry and community are admirable. Congratulations again, Ms. Lynetta Usher Griner. 
f 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 28TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.037 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7711 July 26, 2018 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, 28 years ago, President George H.W. Bush signed the Americans with Disabilities Act. I was proud to be a lead sponsor of that legislation and to be on hand for the bill signing on this day 28 years ago, together with former Democratic Whip Tony Coelho; Representatives Steve Bartlett and Jim Sensenbrenner; and Senators Tom Harkin, Ted Ken-nedy, Bob Dole, O
RRIN HATCH , and Low-ell Weicker. Other individuals present were: President George H.W. Bush; Dave Capozzi; Justin Dart; Yoshiko Dart; Chai Feldblum; Lex Frieden; Boyden Gray (Counsel to President Bush); Anthony Imparato; Arlene Mayerson; Paul Marchand; E
DMARKEY ; JOHN M
CCAIN; Normal Mineta; Ralph Neas; Katie Neas; Carolyn Ocelinik; Becky Ogle; Lee Page; Liz Savage; Bobby Silverstein (Hatch); Melissa Schulman; Cheryl Sensenbrenner; Bob Williams; John Wodatch, Esq.; and Pat Wright. We worked hard to shepherd that leg-islation to passage with strong bipar-tisan support. The ADA has reshaped the landscape of our country for mil-lions of people living with disabilities, and, indeed, for many millions throughout the world. It has done more than build ramps or widen doorways. It has changed perceptions and brought greater understanding, not only to the abilities of those who were previously excluded, but also to the challenges of living with a disability. I am glad we have been able to come together to strengthen the ADA over the years in the same spirit of biparti-sanship that we had at its inception. Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate this an-niversary each year, we rededicate our-selves to the project of protecting the civil rights of Americans with disabil-ities and expanding opportunity, equal-ity, and access for all of our people. 
f 
TERRITORY VOTING RIGHTS (Ms. BORDALLO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a constitutional amendment that will fix a gross injus-tice within our democracy and finally provide American citizens living in the territories the right to vote for Presi-dent and Vice President of the United States. Every American should be alarmed that over 4 million of their fellow citi-zens are denied the right to have a say in the selection of their President. The people of Guam and other U.S. terri-tories are patriotic Americans who contribute to every aspect of American life. We are Americans by birth, bear U.S. passports, and support and defend the Constitution of the United States— many with their lives. Yet, still Ameri-cans who reside in the territories are unable to vote for our President. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce this constitutional amendment so that every American is finally able to cast a vote for President and Vice President, just as the Founding Fathers intended. Casting a ballot for President is a right for all Americans, and this amendment is a step toward our Con-stitution’s solemn promise to form a more perfect union. f 
b1230 HONORING JOHN MASON ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor John Mason on his re-tirement. John was born in 1927 in Madrid, Ne-braska, and spent his childhood on a family farm in Nevada before moving to Los Angeles at the age of 22 to fulfill his dream of becoming an artist. He en-rolled in the Los Angeles Institute of Art where he collaborated with other artists and visionaries. It was through clay that he first found the tools to realize his vision, and he quickly became an innovator in the field of ceramic sculpting. His cre-ations pushed the limits of what clay could do and forever changed how art-ists thought about the material’s possi-bilities. After moving to New York in the 1970s, Mr. Mason expanded his artistic pallet further, working with firebricks and welded steel pieces to construct even more abstract sculptures in his future career. Mr. Mason has been recognized by countless venues around the world. His passion for making art is unmatched throughout the world. His contribu-tions to the field of sculpting and the many young artists he has inspired make me proud to honor John Mason today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FORMER STATE SENATOR ED ZIPPERER (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize former Georgia State Senator Ed Zipperer. Senator Zipperer was a dedicated public servant who served coastal Georgia in numerous ways. He was the president of the Chatham County Farm Bureau for 40 years. He also served 8 years in the State Senate representing coastal Georgia. One of his many con-tributions includes the new State parks he brought to the area. This July in Chatham County, law-makers named the 204 interchange bridge as the Edward H. Zipperer Bridge, a fitting addition to his legacy because of his work on the assembly’s transportation committee. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to see this great Georgia public servant, Senator Zipperer, get the recognition he de-serves. Senator Zipperer, you are a dear friend, a great Georgian, and I am grateful for your service. f 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA STANDS FOR THE RULE OF LAW AND DEMOCRACY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, some Mem-bers of this House have embarrassed themselves, our Congress, and our country by bringing a baseless im-peachment resolution against Rod Rosenstein, Deputy Attorney General of the United States of America. Mr. Rosenstein has done his job law-fully and appropriately according to Hoyle. They want him to release infor-mation which, if he does it, will be re-leasing matters that are classified and confidential and could jeopardize the investigation that Robert Mueller is leading and Mr. Rosenstein is over and harm that investigation. Prosecutors will not release their in-formation of who their witnesses are, where they are going, or whom they have interviewed. They can’t and should not give away sources and methods. To do so would be in derelic-tion of duty. To file impeachment resolutions is to hurt Mr. Rosenstein, to hurt the inves-tigation, hurt Mr. Mueller, and keep the truth from being known by the American public. If they weren’t con-cerned about the truth, they wouldn’t be going after the investigator so much. You do that when you can’t deal with the data. I hope when we come back Mr. Mueller is still safe in his job, Mr. Rosenstein is still safe in his job, and the United States of America still stands for the rule of law and democ-racy. God bless America. 
f 
CONGRESS FOR DUMMIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, despite their united control of Congress, my Republican friends seem to think there is nothing they can do when Donald Trump acts in a matter that is con-trary to our laws and our values. Here is what they have been saying: Congressman R
YAN COSTELLO : There is nothing we can do to stop the Presi-dent, let alone this President, from saying what he thinks or what he wants to say. Speaker R
YAN on immigration pol-icy: The last thing I want to do is bring a bill out here that I know the Presi-dent won’t support. Lastly, again, Speaker R
YAN: Every morning I wake up in my office and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.039 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7712 July 26, 2018 
scroll through Twitter to see which tweets that I will have to pretend I didn’t see later on. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GALLEGO. I yield to the gen-tleman. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, after reading these quotes, it seems like one thing is pretty clear— our colleagues across the aisle have forgotten how Congress works. Mr. GALLEGO. But, T
ED, did you know that there are actually concrete steps the majority party can take to exercise its power over the administra-tion and hold it accountable for its ac-tions? Mr. TED LIEU of California. I did know that. It is called congressional oversight authority. Mr. GALLEGO. That is right. When the U.S. Constitution was drafted in 1787, it included checks and balances that allow the legislative branch, us, to oversee the executive branch, the President. It is part of what makes our Nation great. Mr. TED LIEU of California. But Congressman G
ALLEGO , why haven’t we seen more of these checks and balances in action? Mr. GALLEGO. That is a great ques-tion. Maybe our friends in the majority have forgotten how to use their power. Mr. TED LIEU of California. That is why we would like to enter into the R
ECORD Article I of the United States Constitution. Mr. GALLEGO. Great idea. So, let’s start with a new class that we call Wel-come to Congressional Oversight 101 or, as I like to call it, Congress for Dum-mies. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Okay, so lesson one, Congress can actually pass legislation. Mr. GALLEGO. Isn’t that hard? Mr. TED LIEU of California. No. You just need 218 votes in the House and 51 votes in the Senate. Mr. GALLEGO. What are some of the issues that Congress can pass legisla-tion on, T
ED? Mr. TED LIEU of California. Almost anything. As Speaker R
YANhas stated, he thinks we need legislation to pre-vent the separation of families, of kids who were ripped away from their par-ents by the Trump administration. We agree. Democrats have introduced the Keep Families Together Act. That has not gotten a vote, and we think we should have a vote on that bill. In addition, there are numerous pieces of legislation that can make our economy better, that can help our healthcare, make sure that we deal with the opioid crisis, and numerous pieces of legislation such as investing in infrastructure, none of which has gotten a vote so far. Mr. GALLEGO. T
ED, for example, could we actually be protecting the Special Counsel from being fired by the President? Mr. TED LIEU of California. We could do that, too. There are several pieces of legisla-tion as well that the Republican-con-trolled majority will not let us have a vote on. Mr. GALLEGO. I believe there is an actual bill that has been introduced, specifically, that RYAN could actually bring to the floor, to protect the Spe-cial Counsel and not just talk about protecting the Special Counsel. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Exactly. It is called the Special Counsel Inde-pendence and Integrity Act, which has both Republican and Democratic sup-port in both the House and the Senate. Mr. GALLEGO. So why hasn’t Speak-er R
YAN or the Republicans actually passed this bill? Mr. TED LIEU of California. That is a great question. That is why we are here today, to explain to America that the majority is recessing for 5 weeks without completing its work on behalf of the American people. That is shame-ful. Mr. GALLEGO. We certainly have brought this up, and we will continue to be pushing this bill until it comes to the floor. Let’s move on to lesson 2. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Another thing Congress gets to do is, we get to hold hearings. The Judiciary Com-mittee, on which I sit, has not held a single hearing on any of the issues that are important to Americans. Instead, we have done two hearings on whether groups like Diamond and Silk get enough Facebook likes. We also held a hearing on—are you ready for this? Hil-lary Clinton’s emails. Mr. GALLEGO. It is important to re-member the congressional committee chairman gets to decide what topics they hold hearings on. So are you telling me the Judiciary Committee chairman is more inter-ested in Hillary Clinton’s emails from 2015 or maybe 2016 than currently deal-ing with attacks on our democracy from Russia, from Putin, or trying to figure out how we have basically aban-doned and orphaned 2,600 families at the border? Mr. TED LIEU of California. It sure seems that way. Mr. GALLEGO. So let’s move on. What is the third thing that we could be doing as Congress to actually put the executive in check, T
ED? Mr. TED LIEU of California. The other thing the Constitution gives us a right to do is to issue subpoenas. Mr. GALLEGO. Subpoenas. What is a subpoena? You are a former Federal prosecutor. Please enlighten us, since somehow this Congress has forgotten that we could do subpoenas. Mr. TED LIEU of California. It is very simple. It is a document that will require a witness to show up before a congressional hearing or to produce documents to congressional investiga-tors. Mr. GALLEGO. I don’t know if you know this, T
ED, but there is this neat little House rule called House rule XI, clause 2. Have you heard of this? Mr. TED LIEU of California. It sounds a little complicated. Can you explain how it works? Mr. GALLEGO. It is not. It is very simple. This clause allows House com-mittees to issue subpoenas, which are legal documents that force somebody to do something, in this case either testify or give Congress documents. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Ah, so what that means is Congress could ac-tually subpoena the translator who was in the private 2-hour meeting between the President and Vladimir Putin of which Americans have no idea what was discussed. Let me give an example of why that is bad for our country. Recently, the Russians attacked a U.S. general. Con-gressman GALLEGO and I both served on Active Duty in the military, and they are criticizing this U.S. general for al-legedly not doing something that was discussed in that private, 2-hour meet-ing. It is certainly possible the U.S. general was wrong. It is also possible the Russians were making stuff up. We have no idea. Congress needs to exercise its proper oversight authority so we understand what is happening between the United States and the Kremlin. Mr. GALLEGO. Or we could do some-thing really crazy and subpoena all the many administration officials and de-partment heads who have gotten rich and richer by exploiting their public of-fices for private gain. Mr. TED LIEU of California. I agree with you. Why don’t we now move on to our last lesson. Mr. GALLEGO. Lesson number 4, re-questing investigations. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Okay. So just to recap, Congress can pass leg-islation, we can hold hearings, we can issue subpoenas, and now we can re-quest investigations. Mr. GALLEGO. Every committee has jurisdiction over a set of agencies. Those agencies each have something called an inspector general. These offi-cials are responsible for investigating waste, fraud, and abuse at each agency and reporting back to Congress. Mr. TED LIEU of California. So what can Congress do with these inspectors general? Mr. GALLEGO. Well, T
ED, Congress can actually request an inspector gen-eral report. Mr. TED LIEU of California. Ah, so, for example, we request an inspector general to look into Wilbur Ross’s al-leged insider trading. We can request an inspector general to look at all their waste, fraud, and abuse of various Cabinet officials in Trump’s Cabinet of corruption where they are spending large amounts of taxpayers’ money on luxury private travel. We could do that, right? Mr. GALLEGO. Exactly. Mr. TED LIEU of California. But, again, let me just remind people that my committee that I sit on, the House Judiciary Committee, actually did ex-ercise that power, and they used that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.042 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7713 July 26, 2018 
power to look into, again, ready for this? Hillary Clinton’s emails. The last time I checked, Hillary Clin-ton is not President, nor is she running for President. It is another example of the Republicans in this House who are focused on the past. Democrats are fo-cused on the future. We want to reduce healthcare costs, address the opioid epidemic, invest in infrastructure to increase wages, and get corruption out of government. Mr. GALLEGO. So what have we learned today? Unfortunately, we have learned that our Republican colleagues are unwill-ing or afraid, either-or, to use their power vested in them by the Constitu-tion on behalf of the American people to keep the executive in check. b1245 Mr. TED LIEU of California. It is really simple. At the end of the day, Congress should not be going on recess before we do the important work on be-half of the American people. Mr. GALLEGO. It is shameful that we are going on recess right now while we know that there are foreign adver-saries targeting our elections, tar-geting our elected officials; we have a President that we cannot get straight answers out of, and this Republican-led Congress refuses to act. So maybe it is time to turn control of this Chamber over to Members who are willing to hold this administration accountable. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members to direct all remarks to the Chair and to for-mally yield and reclaim time when under recognition. 
f 
STATEHOOD FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Co-lumbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, as the House recesses, I want to call Members’ attention to something I hope they will consider over the recess, this year’s record attacks in the form of riders or undemocratic additions to the D.C. ap-propriation and how that makes the best case for statehood for the District of Columbia. I need to report to the House the re-markable progress we are making on D.C. statehood. We are closing in on 100 percent of Democratic House Members as cospon-sors of the D.C. statehood bill. In the Senate, where the District has no rep-resentation, we have more than half of the Democratic Senators. Before this session is over, we are striving for 100 percent, certainly, of Democrats in the House and even in the Senate as we go over to the Senate to also make the case without having any representa-tion there. That is why I am so grate-ful to the Senators who have under-stood the importance of equality for the 700,000—equality of citizenship, I should say—for the 700,000 American citizens who live in the Nation’s Cap-ital. In the face of that good news on statehood, you would think that there would be applause from the Congress, who sits in the home district of the District of Columbia. But recently, there have been a spate of undemo-cratic riders, that is, attempts to amend the District’s appropriation. What is the District’s appropriation doing here? That is the nub of the problem. It shouldn’t be here. When I first came to Congress, there were actually hearings held on the D.C. appropriation, but I have been able to make sure that that doesn’t happen. Indeed, Congress has no interest in the D.C. appropriation because it is a local budget with funds from only local resi-dents. Not a penny of it is raised in this Congress. To be sure, we are entitled to some funds from the Congress, just like the States. But we are not talking about those funds. We are talking about the local D.C. budget passing through the House and the Senate for no other pur-pose except to see if somebody in either of those two bodies wants to insert un-democratic amendments, using the DC budget as the vehicle to do it. There are a number of ways to keep that from happening short of statehood, but statehood would be the end of it. I can’t decide anything about New York’s budget because it is New York’s budget and it doesn’t have to come here. In the same way, the local budget for the District of Columbia has no business here. It must be that Members who at-tempt these additions to our appropria-tion don’t have enough to show to their own constituents for what they have accomplished during this Congress, so they look around for something to say, ‘‘I passed this.’’ Well, let me be clear. I have been able to keep most of these riders from passing, so I don’t know why they keep trying. But as long as they keep trying, they have got someone standing in the doorway of the House to keep these antidemocratic amendments not ap-proved by the residents of the District of Columbia but having everything to do with the District of Columbia from, indeed, passing. And remember, this Member has a vote in committee, which may be the most important vote any Member can have. That is how I have gotten things accomplished for the District of Co-lumbia. As it turns out, by the time a matter comes to the floor, the deal is done. But I draw your attention to the fact that I do not have the final vote on the House floor, and yet the D.C. budget is voted on the House floor. I do not have a vote on the House floor, although the people I represent are number one, per capita, in Federal taxes paid to support the United States of America. If anybody deserves a vote on this House floor, it is the residents of the District of Columbia who deserve that vote. Here is another reason why the resi-dents of the District of Columbia de-serve statehood or, at the very least, a vote in the House of Representatives, the people’s House: The budget of the District of Columbia is larger than the budget of 12 States; the District of Co-lumbia has more residents than two States. Here is the District of Columbia, here is Vermont, and here is Wyoming. Each has two Senators, but not the District of Columbia. Yet the District of Colum-bia has more residents than Vermont and more residents than Wyoming. You begin to see how the inequality comes up just in population. The District has a budget surplus. It is almost $2 billion. That is the envy of most States, that kind of large surplus, because a surplus means that you are not spending all your money. You are putting money aside, which is what, of course, is encouraged for all the States, but very few States have this kind of surplus. We are not talking about a big poor city. The per capita personal income of the District of Columbia is higher than the per capita income of the residents of any State. Its total personal income is higher than that of seven States. Its per capita personal consumption ex-penditures are higher than those of any State. Yet, each year, I have to fight abuses of home rule, as we call it, or self-gov-ernment for the District of Columbia, using the fact that this budget has to pass through here in order for the Dis-trict of Columbia to use its own budg-et. Members rush to press what we call riders—I have indicated amendments— to our local budget. There have been about four attempts to repeal the Local Budget Autonomy Act. The Dis-trict passed a Budget Autonomy Act. The House repealed it; the Senate did not. The only quarrel we have with that is, although we have a Budget Auton-omy Act, the House and the Senate continue to appropriate the District’s budget after it has already been appro-priated by the District of Columbia government. Nothing has ever been so redundant as the congressional appro-priation, or shall we call it reappropri-ation, of the District’s local budget. There is the annual repeal—and I say ‘‘annual repeal’’ because I have been able to keep it from being repealed al-together—of the so-called Death with Dignity Act. This is a controversial piece of legislation, but eight States have this same legislation which allows a doctor to give a pharmaceutical to somebody who asks for it, has 6 months to live and is in great pain. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.043 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7714 July 26, 2018 
It is interesting to note that in the District of Columbia and in the States that have the so-called Death with Dig-nity Act, most people who have this pharmaceutical that allows them to end their own lives do not use it. Obvi-ously, they are only looking for a peaceful way to die, and most of them decide to die without taking their own lives. If such a law exists in eight States, there is no reason why it shouldn’t also exist in the District of Columbia. I have been able to keep that law from being repealed, and I will do it again. There is a third bill that, again, is annually repealed. It is called the Re-productive Health Nondiscrimination Act. Why would anybody want to repeal an act that simply says to an employer that you cannot penalize an employee for the form of birth control that an employee uses? In the first place, most employers shouldn’t even know that private information. The District passed such a law, the House repeals it, and I am able to keep it from being repealed in the final bill every single time. But it gives some sense of how Members scramble for bills they don’t want in their districts, but since it was passed in mine and since they can abuse their own con-gressional power, they simply decide to do so. They have not been able to repeal it, but I believe, if the polls are correct, the Democrats will recapture the House, and then I believe I will be able to dispose of these issues as well. Again, these are controversial, but other States have these same laws. There is a perennial amendment to keep the District from spending its own local funds on abortions for poor women. Seventeen States do that, no Federal funds. What other States are doing, the District should be able to do for our American citizens. Another, of course, is recreational marijuana. This is another matter that has been passed by almost 9 States and DC. Essentially, these States legalized small amounts of marijuana. In the District, it is 2 ounces. b1300 The House stumbled to try to repeal the District’s marijuana law. It was unsuccessful, so the District still has legal marijuana up to 2 ounces. However, it can’t regulate marijuana, and it can’t monetize it. If you go to the States that have legal marijuana, they sell it, they tax it. There is no reason why the District of Columbia shouldn’t be able to do the same thing. This year, there are some additional riders. Representative G
ARYPALMER , a Republican from Alabama, needs to mind his own business. Instead, he has filed amendments to keep the District from using its local funds to pass some-thing that you would think would not even come to his attention. It is an ini-tiative that would raise the minimum wage so that everybody in the District of Columbia earns the same minimum wage and so that so-called tipped work-ers do not live on tips alone but on a basic wage in addition to whatever tips they get. The industry doesn’t like this, but if you are a tipped worker, you may well like it. Actually, it didn’t pass over-whelmingly, but it passed in the Dis-trict. The District Council does have the right to overturn a referendum or an initiative. It may overturn this on its own, but here comes Congress rush-ing in to overturn the Tip Minimum Wage Act. I had to chuckle at another amend-ment that was filed, I think also by Mr. PALMER , who definitely needs more work to do because he keeps meddling in our business. This rider goes after the District’s bill that mandates health insurance. What this is about is Republican Members smarting at the notion that they have not been able to overturn the Affordable Care Act. They have not been able to do that here either. It turns out that the Affordable Care Act is, I believe, the most popular piece of recent legislation on the books today. It has gotten more and more popular the more the House and the Senate have tried to cripple it. Local jurisdictions have their own version, and the District says, yes, you must have health insurance. Why do they say people must have health insurance? Why did the Afford-able Care Act say that? It is the basic law of insurance. If you spread the risk and spread the cost, then, of course, everybody’s insurance costs less. So it is the ABCs of insurance. That is why you have jurisdictions continuing to mandate what the Affordable Care Act did. It is interesting to note that the Sen-ate is not going home for the August recess, and the reason it is not going home is it is trying to get through a new addition to the Supreme Court. By the way, that proposed member is Brett Kavanaugh, who happens to sit on the District of Columbia Circuit Court of Appeals. As it turns out, the Democrats in the Senate have one- upped this decision to stay for the Au-gust recess because the Democrats are using that time to speak and to press the Affordable Care Act, which is so popular and will help them, I am sure, in the November elections. Madam Speaker, may I ask what my remaining time is. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. H
ANDEL ). The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 32 minutes re-maining. Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, it doesn’t stop in the House. It goes over to the Senate. But one of the reasons I have been able to get these antidemocratic riders off is that the Senate has helped me even though the Senate is controlled by Republicans, not Democrats. And the reason I think the Senate has been more open is that, unlike the polarized House—and, sure, the Senate is polar-ized as well—the Senate, by its very nature, represents a broader cross-sec-tion of the American people and, thus, represent Republicans and Democrats and has to think about how far it wants to go with making itself a target by trying to overturn somebody else’s legislation. So we are able to get most of these antidemocratic riders off there. I note that Senator TEDCRUZ also needs to devote more attention to his own constituents from Texas because, in the Senate, he is trying to do what Representative P
ALMER is doing: to get rid of the District’s healthcare man-date. Again, Senator C
RUZ represents a large State. He is not doing his best for them as long as he is meddling in the business of another city, another juris-diction, the District of Columbia. It is the height of hypocrisy for Re-publicans to spend so much time trying to overturn the laws of the District of Columbia because local control is a core belief of Republicans in the House and the Senate. We are going to hold them to that core belief when it comes to matters affecting the District of Co-lumbia. Meddling in the business of the Dis-trict of Columbia can and has cost the District of Columbia actual dollars. The District of Columbia just had an-other bond market report and an up-grade of its rating by one of them to AAA. Yet one of the bond markets, Standard & Poor’s, said: ‘‘[W]e con-tinue to have concerns about the role of the federal government in future District budgets. We view this as an ongoing . . . factor that has a negative effect on the District’s finances and as a slight offset to the District’s other-wise very strong management practices . . .’’ What S&P is saying is, essentially, there is an unknown here. There is an actor. It is the Congress of the United States meddling in the business of the District of Columbia. So it is hard to judge the District of Columbia as long as somebody can come from left or right field and try to change parts of its business. Essentially, what you have is S&P and other bond markets calling for Congress to let the District be the Dis-trict so it can be judged by what the District alone does. Look at what they say when the bond markets look at what the District alone does. Look at what the bond markets say. Let’s look at Moody’s, who has just given the District a AAA rating, given its bonds a AAA rating: ‘‘The dyna-mism of the District’s economy has led to the largest population in 40 years and strong growth in the tax base. Fi-nancial governance is exemplary. Re-serves are robust . . .’’ I want to ask Members of this body how many of you have had reports like that on your own jurisdiction. Moody’s goes on to say: ‘‘The District of Columbia, the nation’s capital, is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.047 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7715 July 26, 2018 
small but wealthy. Its population would rank 48th among States . . .’’ That is what you see with this graph. [B]ut its per capita income is higher. I repeat, the District’s ‘‘per capita in-come is higher than all 50 States, and its GDP is greater than 17 States.’’ What more do you want from the Dis-trict of Columbia when you get that kind of objective report on its fi-nances? The fact is that only eight big cit-ies—the District of Columbia and seven others—have AAA bond ratings. Only 22 of the States have AAA bond rat-ings. Again, I repeat, what more do you want from us when we have excelled, outdone the great cities of the United States, outdone most of the States in our fiscal prudence? Such an outsized performance, if anything, should en-courage the Congress to, at the very least, recognize the District’s budget autonomy law. Here I am not talking about state-hood. I am talking about the District’s budget, having it stay in the District, go into effect immediately and not come as a pass-through to this body, because, by coming here, it gets harmed. It adds costs to the budget be-cause of the uncertainty of having an-other actor, the federal government, who could do anything to your local budget. The bond markets have made the best case for recognizing the District’s budget autonomy law, instead of an-other passage of the appropriation after the District has already passed it and getting our budget here only to see if Members can attach undemocratic amendments, and get them passed that way. The fact is, if there were budget au-tonomy—here, I am not talking about statehood, but only the budget of the District, like the budget of every other city and State—and the budget didn’t come to the Congress—if the District had that, it would lower our taxes even more, and the District would need even less in Federal funds. I have already gotten the rating agencies to credit a provision I got in the budget keeping the District from being shut down if the Federal Govern-ment shuts down. That is what I said: shut down. The Congress often acts like a child. Sometimes they disagree with the President; sometimes they disagree among themselves; and the whole darn thing just closes down, leaving every-body out there on his own with no budget; and then the House and the Senate go at one another until they fi-nally get something done. I have annually gotten into the D.C. appropriation a provision exempting the District from the threat of the shutdown. So here is the irony: If the Federal Government shuts down or if doesn’t pass a budget on time, the District’s budget goes into effect; and it goes into effect at next year’s budget levels, while with the Federal Government, the most that will happen is that it will stay open on the prior year’s budg-et. We are grateful that the bond mar-kets have recognized the District as one of the most fiscally responsible ju-risdictions in the United States. We are grateful that they have pointed out who the culprit is if we want to get an even higher rating than we share with seven States who have AAA ratings. Remember, Madam Speaker, nobody in this body is interested in the D.C. budget. That is how I have been able to make sure that nothing happens on the District budget. And since there is no interest in it, it simply shouldn’t be here. The District budget is just like a number of other items here from the District that I have been able to keep from being overturned. b1315 An example is the District’s gun laws. It may be the best example. Every year, I keep the Congress from passing bills to overturn the District’s gun laws. They are very extreme. I do it in the House, and I do it in the Sen-ate, even though I am not in the Sen-ate, and there is nobody from the Dis-trict of Columbia in the Senate. Senator M
ARCO RUBIO from the State of Florida has been the chief culprit of late. Members vary as to who tries to wipe out all the District’s gun laws. You would think that Senator M
ARCO  R
UBIO would be the last to do that, be-cause Parkland, Florida youngsters have become the leading advocates for gun safety control in the United States and are making some considerable headway. But, actually, Senator R
UBIO started his effort to wipe out the District’s gun laws before the Parkland tragedy. And why did he do it? What does he care about the District? He doesn’t care about the District. He cares about his NRA rating. Apparently, he had a B-plus NRA rat-ing, National Rifle Association rating. Within minutes of putting in a bill to eliminate all the gun safety laws of the District of Columbia, the NRA raised his rating from a B-plus to an A. Do you want to know why I am mad? Why I come to this House floor to say get off our backs and treat us like every other jurisdiction? That is a per-fect example: using the District of Co-lumbia to get an increased NRA rating. Over here, it is the Representative from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) who part-ners with Senator R
UBIO. Neither of them has been successful. Why should I have to fight these two Members at all about an entirely local matter? Mr. Speaker, I have not asked only for statehood. I understand the House and the Senate are essentially incre-mental bodies. So I have bills that would simply give the District many of the elements of statehood. An example would be a local pros-ecutor. What is the United States At-torney for the District of Columbia doing prosecuting local crimes? That is what he does. In fact, more than 90 per-cent of the business of this U.S. attor-ney doesn’t have anything to do with Federal matters. Again, this is a holdover from before the District had what we call home rule, and it was 45 years ago that the District was given the right to govern itself. But that, the Congress could give the District, and then the District would choose its own local DA. There are other examples. the Presi-dent offers clemency, and that means it never happens for people in prison in the District. That is a State function. The District knows more about its own local residents who are incarcerated than any president. That is the kind of matter that should go to the District of Columbia. I cite these examples because they are not statehood. They are just ordi-nary home rule jurisdiction, ordinary democracy. Mr. Speaker, I want to close with the most poignant examples of denial of democracy to District of Columbia’s residents. Mr. Speaker, the most poign-ant of the reasons residents resent the denial of equal treatment to their own jurisdiction has to do with the sac-rifices that District of Columbia resi-dents have made in every war since the creation of the republic. The District is one of the oldest cit-ies in the United States. It was created by the Founders. District residents fought in the war that created the United States of America. Thus, the city stands as a living contradiction to what the Framers fought for: ‘‘No tax-ation without representation.’’ Residents of the District are not only taxed without representation in the House and the Senate, they are taxed at a higher rate than other Ameri-cans—they are number one per capita in Federal taxes paid to support the Government of the United States. When you consider the sacrifices that our residents have made, one would wonder how they could possibly be de-nied equal treatment in their own country. One way to understand the sacrifices the District has made is to look at those sacrifices in times of war: World War I, more District casualties than three States; World War II, more District casualties than four States— understand that we are talking about a city, and these are more casualties than in the States; Korean war, more casualties than in eight States of the United States—this city, more casual-ties than in eight States; finally, the very worst of the casualties, the Viet-nam war, more casualties than in 10 States. There is not an American who wouldn’t say that, with those sacrifices and with federal taxes paid at a higher rate than any others are taxed, surely the 700,000 residents who live in our Na-tion’s Capital have more than paid their dues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.049 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7716 July 26, 2018 
So I have come to make that case. It is not a difficult case to make. At the heart of the case are the sacrifices in lives for their country. Not only did they not have the vote, but, to date, as I speak, those who are serving their country in Afghanistan and around the world are doing so without equality with other Americans, with the votes in the House and the Senate. If you were to ask the American peo-ple, I have no doubt where they would be on the issues I have spoken about this afternoon. The Democrats are doing very well in the House and the Senate. I will ask for a vote for the District in this House, if in fact Demo-crats take control of the House of Rep-resentatives, as it seems they will. This is a matter that should be bipar-tisan, but my party does not control the House. There is no chance of get-ting the kind of equality that our country stands for unless my party gets control of the House. Therefore, I hope all will understand that is why I am working hard to see a change in who controls the House of Representa-tives and the Senate of the United States. The District residents, those who died, those who live here today, have more than earned their right to be treated as equal American citizens. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF SPE-CIAL AGENT NOLE EDWARD RE-MAGEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Special Agent Nole Remagen. Special Agent Remagen suffered a stroke while supporting the recent Presidential trip to Scotland, and, sadly, passed away a few days later, surrounded by his family. Special Agent Remagen was a true patriot who dedicated his life to serv-ing his country. He began his service as a member of the United States Marine Corps, where he served honorably for 5 years. After leaving the Marine Corps, he yet again heeded the call to serve his Nation, joining the Secret Service as an officer in the Uniformed Division. Special Agent Remagen served in the Uniformed Division for 10 years and rose to the rank of sergeant just like his father, also a retired sergeant in the Secret Service Uniformed Division. He became a special agent in 2009 and served faithfully many assignments, including the Dignitary Protection Di-vision and the Presidential Protective Division. Special Agent Remagen represented the best of the United States Secret Service, and his dedication to the agen-cy’s mission is both admirable and in-spiring. Special Agent Remagen is survived by his wife and two young children. I ask that you keep his family in your thoughts and prayers during this dif-ficult time. ADDRESSING ALZHEIMER ’S DISEASE  
Mr. KATKO. Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk about a disease that touches nearly every family in our country. There are more than 5.7 million Americans living with Alzheimer’s and more than 16.1 million unpaid care-givers who dedicate much of their lives to caring for their loved ones strug-gling with this terrible illness. I became familiar with Alzheimer’s long before I came to Congress. You see, my father, Andy Katko, or Pop- Pop, as he became known to us, his 7 children, his 18 grandchildren, and his 6 great-grandchildren, as well as every-one else, began, in 2008, to show signs that his memory was deteriorating. He was eventually diagnosed with demen-tia that same year. His condition progressed signifi-cantly each and every year after his initial diagnosis, and he was ulti-mately diagnosed with Alzheimer’s dis-ease. My mother, his wife, Mary Lou, took on the challenging role millions of loved ones do and became his pri-mary caretaker. Mary Lou remained by Andy’s side, helping him with everything from cooking, bathing, dressing, and taking his medications, to offering him love and reassurance when he would wake up in the middle of the night confused and sometimes scared of his sur-roundings. About 1
1⁄2years ago, with Andy’s con-dition progressing dramatically, and my mother, Mary Lou, suffering from her own health issues, our family had to make the terrible decision that many other families have to make and admit my father, Andy, into a nursing home, where he could receive the 24- hour care and attention that he des-perately needed. Although Andy and Mary Lou lived apart since then, their strong bond of love for each other was still evident, perhaps in the hand-holding, perhaps in the kiss on the cheek, or perhaps just giving a reassuring look. Andy’s eyes would light up at any mention of Mary Lou, especially when she came to visit him. In March of this year, when we had to tell him that Mary Lou had died, his beloved wife of 64 years, it barely registered. In fact, we can’t tell whether he understands that his wife, the love of his life, is gone. Today, Andy still resides at our local nursing home. His condition has wors-ened, and he can no longer recognize his children or grandchildren, nor can he form coherent sentences. It is ex-tremely difficult for our family to see him in this condition, as he is no longer the same talkative, strong- willed father and grandfather he once was. Although Alzheimer’s has diminished my father, Andy’s quality of life, the disease has not diminished his spirit. Yes, Andy’s sincere appreciation for his family is still evident, and he has maintained his distinct sense of humor and happy-go-lucky disposition, which allows our family some temporary re-lief and lightness amongst such a heavy situation. This struggle my father and our en-tire family is going through is not unique. I have heard nearly identical stories told by countless families throughout my district—really, from throughout this country. b1330 The toll this disease takes on the millions afflicted, the millions of care-givers, and our overall economy cannot be understated. I am proud of the actions we have taken as a Congress to begin to address this epidemic, including the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act, which will strengthen efforts to find a cure. And the recent passage of the RAISE Fam-ily Caregivers Act, which is now one of the first laws to address the needs of our Nation’s family caregivers. How-ever, we must do more. I will continue to support the doc-tors, the scientists, and the medical professionals, who are on the front lines caring for those suffering from Alzheimer’s, working tirelessly day and night to find a cure, looking for promising treatments. I implore all of my colleagues to join me in supporting funding for research to put an end to this epidemic, hon-oring the millions of Americans, like my father, who have lost so much of their lives to this disease. This is for you Pop Pop. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ) for 30 minutes. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I come to the floor of the House today to talk about an issue that has been in the headlines a lot recently. Every month, more than 30,000 people come across our border, our southern border, without the benefit of a legal status. Now, there is no doubt that there are more people in those 30,000, but 30,000 are what are identified by our Customs and Border Protection personnel on the border. Thousands upon thousands of these are unaccompanied children. The end result is many of them reside in shel-ters and they are cared for by Amer-ican taxpayer dollars. Some others are less fortunate, and they end up being released into dangerous situations. I think all Americans can agree that we want our immigration system to work, and maybe we want it to be bet-ter. But as we consider this crisis on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.050 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7717 July 26, 2018 
our southern border, it is fair to ask: How did we arrive at this point? First off, just from the numbers, America is the most generous country in the world. Through our Nation’s legal immigration process, we welcome well over a million immigrants into the United States of America every year. That is more than every other nation on the face of the Earth com-bined. And, just to be clear, these are people who go through the correct process and follow our laws. Despite this generosity, others remain intent on entering our country without the full benefit of legal status. Congress continues to grapple with immigration reform, and particularly the question of what to do with unac-companied minors and those who come into this country as small children and then age into the system. I actually asked the Congressional Research Service: How do other coun-tries deal with this population of chil-dren, identified as Dreamers, how do other countries deal with this popu-lation? Well, their answer was pretty short. Other countries don’t. If someone is found coming into their country with-out the benefit of legal status—man, woman, or child—they are returned to their point of origin. They do not keep anyone in that status, in that cat-egory. So, again, America is the most gen-erous country in the world, and we have the most significant problem with immigration without the benefit of legal status. Over the past couple of weeks, we have heard intense criticism of the Trump administration of a zero-toler-ance policy. We have heard Members of Congress opine, both at the border and here on the floor of the House, about the misfortune of those who have crossed into our country without the benefit of citizenship. From the news, you would know that this is a terrible situation. So, enforcement first; is that a bad thing? Well, that is what the adminis-tration is supposed to do. And there is significant proof that an enforcement first policy does deter people from sub-jecting themselves to harm by taking a perilous trip to the American border, whether it be by land or by sea. For example, when General Kelly was the Secretary of Homeland Security, before he became Chief of Staff for the White House, he visited our Texas bor-der in May of 2017. Those Border Patrol stations were virtually unoccupied at the time. In June of 2017, a Reuters journalist, Julia Edwards Ainsley, reported on the decreased number of border crossings. She writes—and, bear in mind, this is just over a year ago: 
Last fall, during the waning months of the Obama administration, hundreds of immi-grants crossed the river on rafts at this point each day, many willingly handing them-selves over to immigration authorities in hopes of being released into the United States to await court proceedings that would decide their fate. Now, the agents look out on an empty landscape. Footpaths up from the water have started to disappear under growing brush, with only the stray baby shoe or toothbrush serving as reminders of that migrant flood. The reason for the change, the agents say, is a perception in Mexico and Central Amer-ica that President Donald Trump has ended the practice known as ‘‘catch and release,’’ in which immigrants caught in the United States without proper documents were re-leased to live free, often for years, as their cases ran through the court system. Now, would-be border violators know ‘‘they’ll be detained and then turned right back around,’’ said one of the two agents, Marlene Castro. ‘‘It’s not worth it anymore,’’ she said. What had happened between the end of the Obama administration and the first year of the Trump administra-tion? When people believe that they will encounter a border wall, or that they will be turned away at the border, people simply do not come. However, our laws are effective only if they are enforced. As General Kelly said at the time: 
For changes to be permanent, Congress must change the law. 
He went on to say: 
If Congress does not want us to enforce the law, they should change the law. 
So, every night, when you are listen-ing to the news, you might believe that this is the first time in American his-tory that a Presidential administration has used an enforcement first, or a so- called ‘‘zero-tolerance’’ policy. But let’s think about this for a minute and turn the clock back to 1992. In the early 1990s, rafts of immi-grants from the country of Haiti were bound for the United States and were intercepted at sea, as authorized by a policy enacted by President George H. W. Bush’s administration. A young Governor from Arkansas was running for President against the incumbent George H.W. Bush, and, what a surprise, the campaign rhetoric became divisive. Then-Governor Clin-ton, time and again, spoke of his dis-agreement with then-President Bush’s zero-tolerance immigration policy. During his campaign, Governor Clin-ton often maligned President Bush for being so cruel in his treatment of Hai-tian refugees traveling to America by boat. The rhetoric then was the same as the rhetoric now: You have put a closed sign on the Statue of Liberty, or you have hung up a no vacancy sign on the border of the United States. During his campaign, some people feared that Governor Clinton was creating unreal-istic expectations for the Haitian peo-ple, who were suffering significantly from unrest in their country. As Douglas Farah wrote in the New York Times article titled ‘‘Clinton In-spires Hope and Fear in Haiti’’ on No-vember 28, 1992: 
It was Mr. Clinton who helped create the expectation of an exodus from Haiti when he condemned the Bush administration for a ‘‘cruel policy of returning Haitian refugees to a brutal dictatorship without an asylum hearing.’’ Now, we all know that Governor Clinton won the Presidential election in 1992. From Governor Clinton’s prom-ises, the people of Haiti expected to be welcomed into the United States with open arms. The problem is that after winning the White House, President- elect Clinton had a change of heart. Now, I will read from some of Presi-dent-elect Clinton’s remarks, and this was spoken directly to the people of Haiti over the radio on Voice of Amer-ica. 
For Haitians who do seek to leave Haiti, boat departure is a terrible and dangerous choice. I’ve been deeply concerned by reports that many of you are preparing to travel by boat to the United States. And, I fear that boat departures in the near future would re-sult in further tragic losses of life. For this reason, the practice of returning those who flee Haiti by boat will continue for the time being after I become President. Those who do leave Haiti for the United States by boat will be stopped and directly returned by the United States Coast Guard. To avoid the human tragedy of a boat exo-dus, I wanted to convey this message di-rectly to the Haitian people: Leaving by boat is not the route to freedom. 
Now, this dramatic change of heart did not go without notice. On January 17, 1993, the Chicago Tribune columnist Stephen Chapman wrote: 
The President-elect has a terrible time making up his mind and keeping it made up. A lot of Haitians are disappointed to find he’s something less than a man of his word. They’re not the only ones. 
As you can see from this story, bor-der security is not a new debate. Zero- tolerance policies do go back far longer than the current administration. Now, just before I leave this topic, I want to thank the Library of Congress and the National Archives for their work in helping me track down this now long-forgotten radio address. But I do think it is useful as we consider our current situation, and I am grateful to them for their work to uncover this re-cording from their archives. It actually was easier to find evi-dence of the zero-tolerance policy in ef-fect during the Carter administration. There was a phenomena known as the Mariel boatlift. Fidel Castro, solving a problem he had internally in his coun-try, opened the doors to his prisons and some of his asylums. He sent criminals and patients suffering from mental dis-eases through the straits of Florida and he left Jimmy Carter’s administra-tion to grapple with a Cuban refugee crisis. In a 1997 interview, former Deputy Secretary of State John A. Bushnell re-called a meeting with President Carter in which he and other key advisers dis-cussed possible solutions to the Cuban refugee problem. He said: 
I remember sitting in that windowless con-ference room of the National Security Coun-cil with Secretary of State Muskie, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Director of the CIA, the head of the Coast Guard, the head of Im-migration and Naturalization Service, and several other senior officials debating how to stop this flow of Cubans. National Security Advisor Brzezinski chaired until President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.051 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7718 July 26, 2018 
Carter came in toward the end of the meet-ing. There was a long discussion of how Coast Guard and Navy ships might physically stop the Cuban boats, either from leaving the United States or returning. The Navy and the Coast Guard, represented at this meeting by admirals, asked: ‘‘How can we do this?’’ It was suggested that these boats could be rammed or shot at. The Navy and Coast Guard said that it would be very difficult to stop these boats physically from leaving the United States or from returning without major loss of life among the boat crews and passengers. I guess Secretary Muskie was something of a sailor. He certainly knew a lot more about boats than I did. He was suggesting ways of maneuvering boats to block passage, which struck me as sort of wild. It sounded to me as if he had in mind a picket line of Coast Guard and Navy boats going across the straits of Florida to stop the movement of these small boats with refugees. This naval discussion went on for a long time, but was inconclusive. 
b1345 Well, from this interview, we under-stand that President Carter’s adminis-tration was contemplating how to physically stop Cuban boats from com-ing to the United States. More recently, President Obama’s ad-ministration faced a crisis in 2014. There was a flood of unaccompanied minors who came across our southern border from countries like Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala. There is no question that President Obama’s dan-gerous catch and release policies helped to bring us to this point. President Carter, President Clinton, President Obama, they all learned the same lesson. It is inhumane and dan-gerous to encourage anyone to attempt a harrowing journey by land or sea in order to reach America’s borders. But I do want to emphasize some im-portant points moving forward. First off, under the jurisdiction of the Energy and Commerce Sub-committee on Health, we do oversee the Health and Human Services Office of Refugee Resettlement. Over the last 5 years, I have made 10 trips to the bor-der to visit these Office of Refugee Re-settlement facilities. In the last few weeks, I had the opportunity to visit shelters in Tornillo and McAllen and Brownsville, all on the Texas border. I can tell you this: The shelters are in excellent condition. The men and women of the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement and the men and women who work in the nonprofit organizations who help in those endeavors, they do an excellent job. The children receive professional care from the exemplary HHS employees. Children were living in a healthy environment. Children were playing on a soccer field with ar-tificial turf. In McAllen, at Casa Padre, I witnessed the same thing. Regardless of what you are hearing on the news and from our friends on the other side of the dais here in the House of Representatives, the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services is providing outstanding care to the mi-nors in its custody. This was not always the case. Back in 2014, I made other trips to ORR fa-cilities early in what was then the Obama administration’s unaccom-panied alien minors crisis. The chil-dren, when I visited the shelters in 2014, they didn’t have access to a doc-tor. There were no medical personnel. Today, they have access to the full range of medical facilities and mental health resources, and the children are being screened for communicable dis-eases. This is important. These chil-dren are likely to be placed with fami-lies in the United States. They are likely to attend schools with those families where they are placed. Cer-tainly illnesses such as tuberculosis need to be screened for and ruled out before those children are placed with families in the interior of the United States. Today, children have a way to con-tact back to the Department of Health and Human Services, or the office of oversight, the Office of Refugee Reset-tlement after they have been placed. In 2014, when I visited those shelters, there was no way—if a child ended up in a situation that was not just not agreeable, but perhaps dangerous for the child, they were not given any means of contacting back to ORR once they left Federal custody. And, unfor-tunately, we know now that some chil-dren were not placed in loving homes but, rather, fell victims to trafficking or other abuse. Now, because of the House Repub-licans who serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee, if children need help after they leave a shelter, they do, indeed, have a lifeline. These are help-ful resources for those who are en-trusted to Federal care. This afternoon, I want to thank and commend Secretary Alex Azar and his team at Health and Human Services for their work, yes, to reunite children with verified family members and for children who have come across the bor-der without any other visible means of support, who are then taken care of by the men and women of the Office of Refugee Resettlement, and, of course, the generosity of the American tax-payer. The people at HHS are taking the ap-propriate care to ensure that children released from their custody will be placed safely. My primary goal still remains to se-cure the border. Yes, this would be a problem that would be much better prevented than managed after it oc-curs, but there remains a problem with unaccompanied minors crossing the border without the benefit of citizen-ship. All the time that that does occur, we must do our best to ensure that they are safe when they are in the cus-tody of the men and women of Health and Human Services. Again, I want to stress, when it comes to immigration, the United States of America is the most generous country in the world. But is it okay, is it all right for us to allow 30,000 people to enter our country illegally each month? Is it okay, is it all right to allow 13,000 children to enter our country il-legally each month? Is it all right for us to subject these innocent children to a dangerous jour-ney? Is it all right for us to continue to encourage and monetize child traf-fickers and coyotes who bring these children across central Mexico? President Trump has said that the highest sovereign duty of the President is to defend this Nation, and that in-cludes the defense of the borders. Quite simply, sovereign countries must de-fine and defend their borders. I believe that America is a country worth defending, so, ultimately, we are going to have to solve this problem. From experiences, both recent and throughout history, we do know that rhetoric matters, and President Trump’s enforcement first policy should not come as a surprise to any-one. As the President, current Presi-dent campaigned, he promised to end the catch and release program and re-store order on the southern border. The traffickers and coyotes in Cen-tral America use our words, our words spoken here on the floor of this House, in Washington, D.C. They use our words to prey on the disadvantaged in Central American countries, and they encourage families to put their chil-dren on top of a freight train, a train called La Bestia, from southern Mexico to the Rio Grande, and subject their children to violence of the cartels or worse. And these are children, some of whom will never arrive in the United States because of the dangers on that journey. When we say, or even suggest, that children could receive amnesty at the border, we put innocent lives at risk. We can be compassionate and we can provide a secure border at the same time. These two concepts are not mu-tually exclusive. In 1980, I previously quoted former Deputy Secretary of State John A. Bushnell, and let me quote him again. He recalled that Congress, that year, appropriated over $400 million to assist holding and settling Cuban refugees in the United States. Reflecting on that time, here’s what he said: ‘‘I used this appropriation as a key example of why foreign aid through the Caribbean Group was a good invest-ment. It was much better to help our neighbors build a good economic future for themselves at home than to have a flood of desperate refugees, which would cost more money to settle.’’ Madam Speaker, I would ask my col-leagues in the House if it would not be wise to consider former Deputy Sec-retary of State John Bushnell’s rea-soning. Perhaps our foreign aid to countries such as Honduras, El Sal-vador, Guatemala, and even Mexico, should be tied to how they care for their children. Here is the deal: Why should we re-ward those countries whose children 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.052 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7719 July 26, 2018 
are fleeing for their safety to the United States of America? It is cer-tainly something to consider, particu-larly as we consider the foreign oper-ations appropriations that we will like-ly have on the floor of the House when this House reconvenes in September. As we have heard today, it is simply irresponsible. It is inhumane for the American Government to incentivize anyone, to subject their citizens, the children of their citizens, to this per-ilous journey to our border. This was a lesson that President Clinton learned; it was a lesson that President Carter learned; and it was a lesson that President Obama learned; and, unfortunately, each of them learned it a little bit late. But we have an opportunity. We could end this broken pattern. We could find a solution. First is to secure the borders, and second is to use our foreign aid to encourage those coun-tries to take care of their children first and to not count on the generosity of the American taxpayer to continue to do the job that they refuse to do at home. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2353. An act to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BURGESS. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 54 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Fri-day, July 27, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5772. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Dairy Pro-gram, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Milk in California; Federal Milk Marketing Order Promulgation [Doc. No.: AO-15-0071; AMS- DA-14-0095] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5773. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida; Increased As-sessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0074; SC18-905-1 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5774. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Grapes Grown in a Designated Area of Southeastern California; Decreased Assess-ment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0082; SC18- 925-1 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5775. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Fruit and Veg-etable Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Rules of Practice and Procedure Governing Marketing Orders and Marketing Agree-ments, and Research, Promotion, and Infor-mation Programs [Document Number: AMS- SC-18-0007] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5776. A letter from the Administrator, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Promotion and Eco-nomics Division, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Peanut Promotion, Research, and Informa-tion Order; Change in Assessment Rate Com-putation [Document Number: AMS-SC-16- 0115] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5777. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cranberries Grown in States of Massachu-setts, et al.; Establishment of Handler Diver-sion and Reporting Requirements and New Information Collection [Doc. No.: AMS-SC- 17-0066; SC17-929-3 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 5778. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Dairy Programs, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Milk in Florida Marketing Area; Order Amending the Order [AMS-DA-17-0068; AO-18- 0008] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 5779. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agriculture Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Walnuts Grown in California; Order Amending Marketing Order 984 [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0053; SC16-984-1 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5780. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — General Regulations for Federal Fruit, Vegetable, and Specialty Crop Mar-keting Agreements and Orders; Authority To Meet Via Electronic Communications [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0086; SC18-900-1 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5781. A letter from the Administrator, Ag-ricultural Marketing Service, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Olives Grown in California; Decreased As-sessment Rate [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-18-0001; SC18-932-1 FR] received July 25, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 5782. A letter from the Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of De-fense, transmitting a report titled, ‘‘Imple-mentation and Assessment of a Training Curriculum for the Boards for Correction of Military Records’’, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1552 note; Public Law 114-328, Sec. 534(c); (130 Stat. 2122); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5783. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Major final rule — Regula-tion of NMS Stock Alternative Trading Sys-tems [Release No.: 34-34-83663; File No. S7-23- 15] (RIN: 3235-AL65) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 5784. A letter from the Deputy Assistant General Counsel, Division of Regulatory Services, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Stu-dent Assistance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Edu-cation Loan Program, William D. Ford Fed-eral Direct Loan Program, and Teacher Edu-cation Assistance for College and Higher Education Grant Program; Corrections [Docket ID: ED-2017-OPE-0112] (RIN: 1840- AD28) received July 23, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 5785. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Fossil Energy, De-partment of Energy, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Small-Scale Natural Gas Exports [FE Docket No.: 17-86-R] (RIN: 1901-AB43) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5786. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — 1,1-Difluoroethane; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2018-0036; FRL-9980-20] re-ceived July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5787. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Additional Air Quality Des-ignations for the 2015 Ozone National Ambi-ent Air Quality Standards — San Antonio, Texas Area [EPA-HQ-OAR-2017-0548; FRL- 9981-17-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AU13) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5788. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; MO; Redesigna-tion of the Missouri Portion of the St. Louis Missouri-Illinois Area to Attainment of the 1997 Annual Standards for Fine Particulate Matter and Approval of Associated Mainte-nance Plan [EPA-R07-OAR-2017-0734; FRL- 9981-29-Region 7] received July 25, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5789. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26JY7.054 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7720 July 26, 2018 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Hospital/Medical/Infectious Waste Inciner-ator Withdrawal for Designated Facilities and Pollutants [EPA-R05-OAR-2018-0113; FRL-9980-95-Region 5] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 5790. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — National Oil and Haz-ardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Partial Dele-tion of the Peters Cartridge Factory Super-fund Site [EPA-HQ-SFUND-2003-0010; FRL- 9981-26-Region 5] received July 25, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5791. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Florasulam; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0226; FRL-9979-81] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5792. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — National Oil and Hazardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; Na-tional Priorities List: Deletion of the Dav-enport and Flagstaff Smelters Superfund Site [EPA-HQ-SFUND-2003-0010; FRL-9981-21- Region 8] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5793. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — National Oil and Haz-ardous Substances Pollution Contingency Plan; National Priorities List: Deletion of the Old Esco Manufacturing Superfund Site [EPA-HQ-SFUND-2008-0084; FRL-9981-36-Re-gion 6] received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5794. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances [EPA- HQ-OPPT-2017-0366; FRL-9970-23] (RIN: 2070- AB27) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 5795. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 72.202(b), Table of Allotments, FM Broadcast Stations (Connerville, Oklahoma) [MB Docket No.: 18- 43] (RM-11797) received July 23, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5796. A letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s Strategic Plan for FYs 2018 to 2023, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 103-62, Sec. 3 (as amended by Public Law 111-352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 5797. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of the General Counsel, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Adjust-ment of Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts for 2018 [Docket No.: FR-6076-F-01] (RIN: 2501- AD86) received July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5798. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Barge PFE-LB444, San Joaquin River, Blackslough Landing, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0634] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received July 25, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5799. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regulation; Choptank River, Cam-bridge, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0178] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received July 25, 2018, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5800. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Safety Zone; Alaska Marine Highway System Port Valdez Ferry Terminal, Port Valdez; Valdez, AK [Docket No.: USCG-2018-0578] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived July 25, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 5801. A letter from the Chief Privacy Of-fice, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Privacy Office’s inaugural Social Security Number Fraud Prevention Act Report to Congress for 2018; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Oversight and Government Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Pramila Jayapal (Rept. 115–876). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. House Resolution 1005. Resolution di-recting the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the border se-curity policies, procedures, and activities as such relate to the interdiction of families by the U.S. Border Patrol between ports of entry; adversely (Rept. 115–877). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6539. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a program to increase efficiency in the recruitment and hiring by the Department of Veterans Affairs of health care workers that are undergoing separation from the Armed Forces, to create uniform credentialing standards for certain health care professionals of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself, Mr. MESSER , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana): H.R. 6540. A bill to increase portability of and access to retirement savings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself and Mr. C
RAWFORD ): H.R. 6541. A bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to pro-vide for flexibility under the school lunch program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CLYBURN (for himself and Ms. D
ELBENE): H.R. 6542. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an increase in the low-income housing credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, and Mr. E SPAILLAT ): H.R. 6543. A bill to amend and strengthen the Higher Education Act of 1965 so that every student has a path to a quality, debt- free degree or credential that leads to a re-warding career; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. R
OKITA , Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana): H.R. 6544. A bill to provide protections for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization and their right to refrain from paying dues or fees to a labor organiza-tion for nonrepresentational activity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-sylvania, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. V
ELA, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. B ASS, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. D
OGGETT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.000 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7721 July 26, 2018 
DELAURO , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S
ARBANES , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. K
IND, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L AMB, Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. F OS-
TER, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 6545. A bill to reauthorize the Vio-lence Against Women Act of 1994, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Financial Serv-ices, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, and Education and the Workforce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 6546. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to make technical correc-tions to the segment designations for the Chetco River, Oregon; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. B
ARTON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C
HABOT , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): H.R. 6547. A bill to provide for greater transparency in and user control over the treatment of data collected by mobile appli-cations and to enhance the security of such data; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE): H.R. 6548. A bill to require data brokers to establish procedures to ensure the accuracy of collected personal information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6549. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to limit estate recovery under Medicaid with respect to newly eligi-ble individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. M
EADOWS ): H.R. 6550. A bill to enhance the innovation, security, and availability of Federal Govern-ment cloud services by establishing the Fed-eral Risk and Authorization Management Program within the Office of Management and Budget Office of Electronic Government and by establishing a risk management, au-thorization, and continuous monitoring process to enable the Federal Government to leverage cloud computing services using a risk-based approach consistent with the Fed-eral Information Security Reform Act of 2014 and cloud-based operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. S
ARBANES ): H.R. 6551. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to improve Federal agency tele-working programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. GENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. W EBER  of Texas, and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 6552. A bill to amend the Department of Energy Organization Act to address insuf-ficient compensation of employees and other personnel of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of Texas, and Mr. P
OEof Texas): H.R. 6553. A bill to amend the William Wil-berforce Trafficking Victims Protection Re-authorization Act of 2008 to require consulta-tion with State and local elected officials and a public hearing before awarding grants or contracts for housing facilities for unac-companied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee (for himself and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 6554. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require a person that pos-sesses or intends to possess a tableting ma-chine or encapsulating machine to obtain registration from the Attorney General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6555. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish a DHS Cy-bersecurity On-the-Job Training and Em-ployment Apprentice Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6556. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 301 East Third Street in Farmville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Barbara Rose Johns Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6557. A bill to amend title 35, United States Code, to restore patent rights to in-ventors, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6558. A bill to amend title 49, of the United States Code, to prioritize the reduc-tion of noise pollution in air commerce; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6559. A bill to improve the Social Se-curity Administration’s service to the pub-lic, to strengthen the Disability Insurance program, and to protect the trust funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Ms. S
PEIER ): H.R. 6560. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States an op-tion to cover a children’s program of all-in-clusive coordinated care (ChiPACC) under Medicaid program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. K
IND, and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 6561. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to finalize cer-tain proposed provisions relating to the Pro-grams of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) under the Medicare and Medicaid programs; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CCARTHY (for himself, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Ms. B ASS, Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. M
CSALLY ): H.R. 6562. A bill to support endemic orphan fungal disease research, incentivize Valley Fever vaccine development, discover new antifungal therapies and diagnostics, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself and Mr. N
EAL): H.R. 6563. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent growth rate cliff for out-of-pocket threshold under Medi-care part D; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6564. A bill to promote innovation in voting, including in voting technology and voter registration technology, election secu-rity, and increased voter participation through a challenge prize competition; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6565. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to provide for contracting pref-erences and other benefits for emerging busi-ness enterprises, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 6566. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to remove the manifestation pe-riod required for the presumptions of service connection for chloracne, porphyria cutanea tarda, and acute and subacute peripheral neuropathy associated with exposure to cer-tain herbicide agents; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6567. A bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 to modify a provision relating to certain consultation requirements; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ): H.R. 6568. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to make it a criminal offense for Federal law enforcement officers to en-gage in sexual acts with individuals in their custody, to encourage States to adopt simi-lar laws, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 6569. A bill to require a waiver if the installation of differently colored tiles in certain tunnel projects is expected to create additional costs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7722 July 26, 2018 
By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6570. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to submit to Congress a report on the anticipated impact of alter-ing the United States Force posture on the Korean peninsula; to the Committee on In-telligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6571. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to improve the detection, prevention, and treatment of men-tal health issues among public safety offi-cers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-self and Mr. C
UELLAR ): H.R. 6572. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include Federally qualified health centers and primary care associations in efforts to assist homeless veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6573. A bill to require a determination on designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6574. A bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to determine, on behalf of Medicare bene-ficiaries, covered part D drug prices for cer-tain covered part D drugs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6575. A bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to deliver a meaningful benefit and lower prescription drug prices under the Medicare Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6576. A bill to require drug manufac-turers to disclose the prices of prescription drugs in any direct-to-consumer advertising and marketing to practitioners of a drug; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6577. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to shorten the exclu-sivity period for brand name biological prod-ucts from 12 to 7 years; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SABLAN (for himself, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. S IRES, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. K IHUEN , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 6578. A bill to amend section 6 of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolu-tion to approve the Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands in Political Union with the United States of America, and for other purposes‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6579. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide no interest deferment eligibility for certain small busi-ness concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BACON: H.R. 6580. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide for expedited naturalization processes for the alien spouses of first responders who die as a re-sult of their employment, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 6581. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adopt certain strategies for preventive colorectal screenings for vet-erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 6582. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to establish presumptions of service connection for illnesses associated with open burn pits, to direct the Comp-troller of the United States to establish the Open Burn Pit Advisory Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6583. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain lands and facilities of the Big Sand Wash Project, Utah; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. CARTER of Georgia (for him-self and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 6584. A bill to improve energy per-formance in Federal buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 6585. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for recovery by mem-bers of the Armed Forces for certain acts or omissions by the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER ): H.R. 6586. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to promote healthy eat-ing and physical activity among children; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6587. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow deductions for amounts contributed to a health savings ac-count by individuals enrolled in qualified health plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 6588. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to modify the cir-cumstances under current law to allow an in-dividual debtor to discharge certain edu-cational loans and educational benefits re-ceived by the debtor more than 5 years be-fore the commencement of the bankruptcy case under such title; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CRIST (for himself and Mr. FERGUSON ): H.R. 6589. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to remove limitations on Fed-eral employment for an individual legally using marijuana under the law of the State in which the individual resides, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DELANEY (for himself and Mr. B
UDD): H.R. 6590. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a program on children and the media within the Na-tional Institute of Health to study the health and developmental effects of tech-nology on infants, children, and adolescents; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. DEMINGS (for herself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. D UNN, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G AETZ , Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. M
AST, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. S OTO, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, and Mr. Y
OHO): H.R. 6591. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Florida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. L
AMALFA ): H.R. 6592. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, to establish additional require-ments for certain transportation projects with estimated costs of $2,500,000,000 or more, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6593. A bill to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing and maintaining an automated and searchable system that tracks prescription drug prices in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M OORE , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. S IRES, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. S OTO, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. B EYER , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. C UM-
MINGS ): H.R. 6594. A bill to reunite families sepa-rated at or near ports of entry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. H
ANDEL , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. N OR-
MAN, and Mr. W EBER of Texas): H.R. 6595. A bill to amend the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 to impose certain additional requirements on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7723 July 26, 2018 
aliens who are required to register as sex of-fenders, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6596. A bill to provide for restoration, economic development, recreation, and con-servation on Federal lands in Northern Cali-fornia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KATKO (for himself and Mrs. N
APOLITANO ): H.R. 6597. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a loan re-payment program for mental health profes-sionals to relieve workforce shortages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. C OLE, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. S IMP-
SON, Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York): H.R. 6598. A bill to provide the right of American Indians born in Canada or the United States to pass the borders of the United States to any individual who is a member, or is eligible to be a member, of a Federally recognized Indian tribe in the United States or Canada, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. P
ANETTA ): H.R. 6599. A bill to modify the application of temporary limited appointment regula-tions to the National Park Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H.R. 6600. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require that orders sub-ject to review be submitted through a clear-inghouse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (for himself and Mr. L
EVIN): H.R. 6601. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to improve access to care for all Medicare and Medicaid bene-ficiaries through models tested under the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innova-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. P
AYNE , and Mr. L ANCE ): H.R. 6602. A bill to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself and Mr. S
ESSIONS ): H.R. 6603. A bill to amend the FAST Act to ensure that certain veteran small businesses are eligible for funding as small business concerns; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself and Mrs. D
INGELL ): H.R. 6604. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a pilot program to provide grants to community mental health centers for the placement of social workers with law enforcement agencies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6605. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on fuel based on the carbon content of such fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. BARLETTA ): H.R. 6606. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 445 Main Street in Laceyville, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Melinda ‘Mindy’ Gene Piccotti Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. M
CEACHIN (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ): H.R. 6607. A bill to prohibit deceptive prac-tices in Federal elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself and Mr. C
RAMER ): H.R. 6608. A bill to provide for the develop-ment and dissemination of best practice guidelines for using data collected by pre-scription drug monitoring programs to iden-tify drug diversion and abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K
ING of New York, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C RIST, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S OTO, Mr. S UOZZI , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 6609. A bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to reauthorize the port security grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico): H.R. 6610. A bill to reauthorize the Inter-agency Committee on Women’s Business En-terprise, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. H
ARPER ): H.R. 6611. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to expand and improve health care services by health centers and the National Health Service Corps for indi-viduals with a developmental disability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. L
EE, Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. E
LLISON , and Mr. K IL-
DEE): H.R. 6612. A bill to secure the Federal vot-ing rights of persons when released from in-carceration; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself, Mr. B
IGGS, and Mrs. W AGNER ): H.R. 6613. A bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to condition re-ceipt of grants and contracts under such title on compliance with abortion prohibi-tion; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 6614. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release reversionary and re-served interests in certain lands within the Coconino National Forest, Arizona; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself and Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida): H.R. 6615. A bill to reauthorize the Trau-matic Brain Injury program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P
OCAN , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. B ERA): H.R. 6616. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for flexible giv-ing accounts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H.R. 6617. A bill to provide for a legal framework for the operation of public un-manned aircraft systems, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. R
ICE of South Carolina, Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 6618. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to stimulate inter-national tourism to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California): H.R. 6619. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the appli-cation of Medicare secondary payer rules to certain workers’ compensation settlement agreements and qualified Medicare set-aside provisions; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ): H.R. 6620. A bill to require the Department of Homeland Security to prepare a threat as-sessment relating to unmanned aircraft sys-tems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. C OOPER , and Mrs. B
LACK ): H.R. 6621. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Ten-nessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7724 July 26, 2018 
By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6622. A bill to designate the Federal building located at 2110 First Street in Fort Myers, Florida, as the ‘‘George W. White-hurst Federal Building’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. M
OORE , and Ms. H ANABUSA ): H.R. 6623. A bill to advance STEM edu-cation, provide for improved worker, train-ing, retention, and advancement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, Trans-portation and Infrastructure, Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Resources, Over-sight and Government Reform, Foreign Af-fairs, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCALISE (for himself, Mr. B
ARR, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. P
EARCE , and Mr. S CHWEIKERT ): H.R. 6624. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to update cer-tain procedures applicable to commerce in firearms and remove certain Federal restric-tions on interstate firearms transactions; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6625. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definition of cred-it sale; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. SIRES (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 6626. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 413 Washington Avenue in Belleville, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Private Henry Svehla Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6627. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for new markets tax credit investments in the Rural Jobs Zone; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-self, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. H ECK, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS ): H.R. 6628. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Wash-ington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 6629. A bill to authorize the Attorney General to make grants to States and units of local government to implement statutes, rules, policies, or procedures to authorize courts to issue relinquishment orders with respect to individuals charged with or con-victed of a crime of domestic violence, or subject to a domestic violence protective order, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H.R. 6630. A bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to investigate whether the National Rifle Association benefitted from Russia’s involvement in the United States presidential election of 2016; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Se-lect). By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H.R. 6631. A bill to cancel the registration of all uses of organophosphate pesticides, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6632. A bill to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based out-patient clinic in Bend, Oregon, as the ‘‘Rob-ert Maxwell VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. B
UDD, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. A
RRINGTON , and Mr. G IBBS): H.R. 6633. A bill to restrict the provision by international financial institutions of loans and financial and technical assistance to the Government of Turkey, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 6634. A bill to provide that the label-ing of certain single ingredient foods is not required to include an added sugars declara-tion; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. S HUSTER , Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 6635. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. E VANS ): H.R. 6636. A bill to promote United States- Mongolia trade by authorizing duty-free treatment for certain imports from Mon-golia, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN (for himself, Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. S
UOZZI , and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 6637. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to study and report on the prevalence of cholangiocarcinoma in vet-erans of the Vietnam era, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.J. Res. 137. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States authorizing the territories of the United States to cast electoral votes in presidential elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. D
ESAULNIER (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. BONAMICI , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. S IRES, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California): H. Con. Res. 130. Concurrent resolution supporting America’s clean car standards and defending State authority under the Clean Air Act to protect their citizens from harmful air pollution; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for her-self, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. H IMES, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , and Mr. P AYNE ): H. Con. Res. 131. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the need to improve physical access to many federally funded facilities for all people of the United States, particularly people with disabilities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committees on the Judiciary, Transportation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S ERRANO , and Ms. L
EE): H. Con. Res. 132. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the President does not have the authority under the Constitution to grant himself reprieve or pardon for offenses against the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BIGGS: H. Res. 1033. A resolution recognizing the importance of access to comprehensive, high-quality, life-affirming medical care for women of all ages; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself, Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. P OEof Texas): H. Res. 1034. A resolution condemning Ira-nian state-sponsored terrorism and express-ing support for the Iranian people’s desire for a democratic, secular, and non-nuclear re-public of Iran; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICE of Georgia, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. T URNER , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Mr. H UDSON ): H. Res. 1035. A resolution expressing oppo-sition to the completion of Nord Stream II, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, Oversight and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7725 July 26, 2018 
Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): H. Res. 1036. A resolution recognizing that contributions of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization are vital to United States na-tional security; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. HECK (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. C OLE, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM ): H. Res. 1037. A resolution recognizing the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Jour-ney of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and congratulating the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia): H. Res. 1038. A resolution recognizing July 28, 2018, as ‘‘World Hepatitis Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 6539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 6540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 6541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I: Section 8: Clause 3 The United States Congress shall have power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. CLYBURN: H.R. 6542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: the authority enumerated in Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 6546. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8: By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 6548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 6549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 6550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 6551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 6552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution ’ By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 6553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee: H.R. 6554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, the Necessary and Proper Clause. Congress shall have power to make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers and all Powers vested by this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 6555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. GARRETT: H.R. 6556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States), Clause 6 (relating to post of-fices and post roads), and Clause l8 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power . . . To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for lim-ited Times to Authors and Inventors the ex-clusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 6558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 6560. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Commerce Clause,’’ Article 1 Section 8 By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 6561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. M
CCARTHY: H.R. 6562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Consitution of the United States. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 6564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article II Section 8 By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6565. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 and clause 18 of Article I of sec-tion 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 6566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 By Ms. SPEIER: H.R. 6568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 6569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26JY7.100 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7726 July 26, 2018 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, which gives Congress the power to provide for the common defense and to make all laws necessary and proper to carry out this power. By Mr. BERA: H.R. 6571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 6572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY: H.R. 6577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 6578. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4, 18 and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6579. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BACON: H.R. 6580. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 6581. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6582. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the Constitution of the United States. Article I, section 8 of the United State Constitution, which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to pro-vide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 6583. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: H.R. 6584. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6585. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 6586. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 6587. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (Taxing and Spending Clause) Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (Interstate Commerce Clause) By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 6588. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 6589. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. DELANEY: H.R. 6590. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 6591. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. D
ESAULNIER: H.R. 6592. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: H.R. 6593. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power * * * to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Under Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Con-stitution, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 6594. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 6595. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 6596. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 6597. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 6598. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper . . .’ By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 6599. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 6600. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides that Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign na-tions, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes; To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia: H.R. 6601. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. L
OBIONDO: H.R. 6602. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.019 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7727 July 26, 2018 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 6603. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 6604. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6605. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Section 8 By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 6606. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7—‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power to establish Post Offices and Post Roads.’’ By Mr. M
CEACHIN: H.R. 6607. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 6608. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6609. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 6610. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 6611. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 of the US Constitution By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 6612. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 1) Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the Unites States Constitution. This provision permits Congress to make or alter the regu-lations pertaining to Federal elections; 2) Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. This pro-vision grants Congress the authority to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans; and 3) The Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution. This provision prohibits excessive bail, excessive fines and cruel and unusual punishment. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6613. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. O’HALLERAN: H.R. 6614. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 6615. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 6616. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6617. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrving into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 6618. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce; as enumerated in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 6619. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 6620. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 6621. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6622. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 6623. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To Make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SCALISE: H.R. 6624. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, and Amendment II of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 6625. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 6626. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: H.R. 6627. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 6628. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 Congress shall have the Power To establish Post Offices and post Roads By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6629. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, 3, and 18; Ar-ticle I, Section 9, Clause 7 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 6630. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6631. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to . . . pro-vide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . . By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6632. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 6633. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 6634. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 6635. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 6636. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.022 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7728 July 26, 2018 
By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 6637. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.J. Res. 137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 12: Mr. L AMB. H.R. 35: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 173: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 233: Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 242: Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 356: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 407: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 431: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 488: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 530: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 667: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 754: Mr. H
IMES, Ms. C HENEY , Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H.R. 792: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 823: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 930: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 1102: Mr. J
EFFRIES and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 1121: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 1144: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1171: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1270: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 1298: Mr. L
YNCH and Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee. H.R. 1300: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. D
EGETTE , and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 1318: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1377: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1409: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1439: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1456: Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1562: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1880: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1884: Mr. T
URNER and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 1885: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 1960: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 2051: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2077: Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 2111: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2151: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 2248: Ms. P
ELOSI and Mr. H OYER . H.R. 2267: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. Y OUNG of Alas- ka. H.R. 2285: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 2315: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2358: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2439: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2640: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2718: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 2782: Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER . H.R. 2856: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 2871: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 2902: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2953: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 3106: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3113: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3145: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3227: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 3272: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 3325: Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. H URD, Mr. H OLD-
ING, Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3400: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3415: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. U
PTON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . H.R. 3473: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 3478: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3608: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3635: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 3721: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3742: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3748: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 3751: Mr. L
AMB. H.R. 3845: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3919: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 3952: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4006: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 4022: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , and Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 4057: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 4107: Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 4185: Mr. C
LYBURN . H.R. 4186: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4202: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4349: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4350: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4351: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4352: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4353: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4354: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4355: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4356: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4357: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4358: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 4418: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4454: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 4604: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. K IND, and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4608: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4647: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 4649: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 4733: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 4843: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 4846: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 4884: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 4897: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 4941: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 4957: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida. H.R. 4980: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 4999: Mr. C
LYBURN . H.R. 5034: Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 5038: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 5052: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 5107: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 5108: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 5129: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 5132: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. U
PTON , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5137: Mr. KILDEE . H.R. 5141: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5155: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5222: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 5223: Mr. B
ERA. H.R. 5282: Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 5306: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 5343: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Lou- isiana, and Mr. H
URD. H.R. 5429: Mr. K
ILDEE . H.R. 5474: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 5476: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C APU-
ANO, and Mr. L AMB. H.R. 5485: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 5529: Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 5545: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 5557: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 5561: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 5595: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 5606: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 5609: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 5640: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 5728: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 5759: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 5780: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 5794: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 5822: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 5855: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 5899: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 5912: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 5945: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 5955: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 5985: Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 5988: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. K
INZINGER , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 6006: Mrs. L
ESKO . H.R. 6014: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 6016: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 6060: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6085: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 6104: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 6108: Mr. L
ONGand Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 6117: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 6121: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 6137: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. K ILDEE . H.R. 6145: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 6158: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 6179: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 6207: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 6216: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 6217: Ms. D
EGETTE and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 6230: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 6238: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 6249: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. B RENDAN  F. B
OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 6251: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 6263: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 6274: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6290: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 6291: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Louisiana, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 6295: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 6318: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 6325: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 6326: Mr. N
EAL, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. V ELA, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. M OULTON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.026 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7729 July 26, 2018 
H.R. 6340: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 6344: Mr. H
UNTER and Miss G ONZA´LEZ- C
OLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6345: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6346: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6354: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6356: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 6360: Mr. H
UNTER . H.R. 6377: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 6378: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 6395: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 6396: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 6400: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 6416: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 6417: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. T
IPTON , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 6437: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. S WALWELL of California. H.R. 6444: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. M EADOWS , and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 6450: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 6451: Mr. S
TIVERS and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 6467: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 6469: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER and Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 6485: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6495: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 6500: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 6505: Mrs. TORRES and Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 6509: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 6510: Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. H ILL, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 6525: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 6527: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. H ANABUSA , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 6528: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 6533: Ms. N
ORTON . H.J. Res. 95: Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H. Res. 274: Ms. M
ENG. H. Res. 279: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 455: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. K IHUEN . H. Res. 750: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H. Res. 763: Mr. H
ECK. H. Res. 785: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H. Res. 820: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H. Res. 864: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H. Res. 869: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 888: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. V ELA, and Mr. S
IRES. H. Res. 967: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H. Res. 993: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. C LAY, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. G
ABBARD , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. H. Res. 1008: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. C LYBURN . H. Res. 1016: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. N
OLAN . H. Res. 1028: Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. N
ORMAN , and Mr. H UNTER . H. Res. 1030: Mr. K
EATING . H. Res. 1031: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. S OTO, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. C RIST, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C LYBURN , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:26 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY7.031 H26JYPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5393 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JULY 26, 2018 No. 126 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
HOM T
ILLIS , a Senator from the State of North Carolina. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God, our hope for years to come, we offer You our thanksgiving. Thank You for Your steadfast love that sustains us every hour. Thank You for Your faith-fulness that allows us to dwell in peace. Lord, we are grateful for the joy we receive by observing the works of Your hands, finding pleasure in the beauty of the sunrise and the glory of the sunset. Today, use our Senators for the glory of Your Name. Guide and direct them, that they may mount up with wings like eagles, running without weariness, and walking without fainting. Guide them with the light of Your truth. Lord of all, to You we raise this our prayer of grateful praise. We pray in Your bountiful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, July 26, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable T
HOM TILLIS , a Sen- ator from the State of North Carolina, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. TILLIS thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would like to talk this morning about the President’s qualified nominee for the Supreme Court. A number of us have already met with Judge Kavanaugh. Four Senators from both sides of the aisle have meetings sched-uled. By all accounts, including my own, he is a fair and thoughtful jurist with a brilliant legal mind, but some Senators have a different view than their colleagues and different from the experts. Here is how the junior Senator from New Jersey characterized this nomina-tion with the senior Senator from Mas-sachusetts right beside him. Here is what he said: 
We are walking through the valley of the shadow of death. You are either complicit in the evil, you are either contributing to the wrong, or you are fighting against it. 
This is from a member of the Judici-ary Committee. He hasn’t even met with Judge Kavanaugh. He hasn’t heard a word of testimony, and he is citing Scripture. He is proclaiming that this nominee is pure evil of Bib-lical proportions. He is claiming that the Senators and the American people who have an open mind on this nomi-nation are complicit in the evil. This is truly outrageous. Not a single Democrat has come for-ward to condemn what he had to say. Our friends on the left are locked in this bizarre competition to wear out the volume knob and outdo each other with this angry nonsense. Before the President even selected Judge Kavanaugh, the junior Senator from California, another member of the Judiciary Committee, declared that whoever he nominated would bring about ‘‘the destruction of the Constitu-tion of the United States.’’ She made up her mind before any hearings or any testimony and before there was even a nominee, in fact. Less than 24 hours after Judge Kavanaugh was announced, the senior Senator from Connecticut followed suit. He said: ‘‘Judge Kavanaugh is your worst nightmare.’’ This is another member of the Judiciary Committee. So for those keeping score at home, Democrats want you to believe that Judge Kavanaugh is your worst night-mare, who will put the American peo-ple in the valley of the shadow of death and destroy the Constitution all by himself. Oh, and don’t forget that any-one who doesn’t agree with them is ‘‘complicit in evil.’’ Whom do they expect to believe this stuff? Here is another quote: ‘‘This is a nominee who wants to pave the path to tyranny.’’ That was our colleague, the junior Senator from Oregon, at a rally with far-left special interests. Here is another quote: ‘‘The nomina-tion of Judge Brett Kavanaugh will threaten the lives of millions of Ameri-cans for decades to come.’’ That was a quote of the former Democratic Gov-ernor of Virginia, who actually used to chair the Democratic National Com-mittee. It is hard to keep a straight face when you hear this hysteria. Really, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.000 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5394 July 26, 2018 
you can’t keep a straight face at all when our Democratic colleagues say these things and then turn around and insist they need extra time, extra in-formation, and extra documents in order to make up their minds. Do the people making these com-ments sound like they are openminded? Do they sound persuadable? The Democratic leader has insisted that Judge Kavanaugh’s long and ex-tensive judicial record isn’t enough and that Democrats need to see practically every scrap of paper from the Bush White House before they can decide. But about 2 weeks ago, when the ink was barely dry on Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination, he himself told a national television audience—this is the Demo-cratic leader—that he will ‘‘oppose him with everything I’ve got.’’ That doesn’t sound undecided to me. It doesn’t sound like a guy who needs documents to make up his mind. Let’s be clear about what this is all about. Judge Kavanaugh has been a judge for over a decade. He has written over 300 opinions. He just produced over 6,000 pages of documents as part of his questionnaire, and many more doc-uments will be produced in the coming weeks. In fact, it is likely that more documents will be produced with re-spect to his nomination than for any Supreme Court nomination in our en-tire history. But it is becoming pretty clear that none of this will really matter. I am sorry to say that for most Senate Democrats, I am afraid it would not matter if there were a million pages of documents or 10 million or 100 million. It wouldn’t make any difference. No matter how many documents are pro-duced, many of our Democratic col-leagues are making it abundantly clear that they are never going to support this nominee. The complaint about documents is not about assessing his record in an openminded, fair, and dispassionate way. It is all about the desire to ob-struct and delay. The American people will give this demagoguery and these delaying tactics the short shrift they deserve. 
f 
ECONOMIC GROWTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, later today Vice Presi-dent P
ENCE will visit Wheeling, WV, to discuss Republicans’ pro-growth agen-da. For the better part of a decade, the people of West Virginia heard a lot of talk from Washington. During the 2008 Presidential cam-paign, then-Senator Biden told a crowd in Charleston, WV, that he supported the coal industry and that the Demo-crats’ policies would help West Vir-ginia’s economy. ‘‘This is about jobs,’’ he said. But the Obama-Biden administration turned out to be a crash course in the difference between rhetoric and results. Across the entire private sector, fewer Virginians were employed the day President Obama left office than on the day he was sworn in. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the State’s manufacturing workforce shrunk by more than 13 percent from 2009 through 2016, and its mining and logging work-force collapsed by 37 percent. Let’s be clear. Public policy is not the only factor at work in our econ-omy, but there is no denying that Washington can make life harder for job creators or make it easier. The Obama economy was a tough pill to swallow—tax hikes and burdensome regulations. Their policies cut against the rhetoric, and the outcome was dis-appointing. That was then. This is now. When Vice President PENCE lands in West Virginia today, he will be able to share a different story. He will be able to say that, thanks in part to regulatory re-lief and generational tax reform, the number of Americans saying that now is a good time to find a quality job hit a 17-year high just 2 months ago. He will be able to say that West Vir-ginia’s unemployment rate has been lower in every month of this unified Republican government than it was during any month of the Obama Presi-dency. It is the American people who are achieving all of this. Republicans are just happy that our policies are helping to create conditions for workers and job creators to thrive. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week, the Senate has continued our regular appropriations process. We are considering four important funding measures that will account for about an eighth of discretionary spending. This bill will keep resources flowing to a long list of key government func-tions. We are talking about everything from food safety inspections to anti- drug enforcement, to child nutrition, to the Forest Service. It attends to a number of specific policy priorities that we all hold in common, like pro-viding major resources to rebuild America’s infrastructure and to fight against opioid abuse. My constituents in Kentucky will benefit from new funding for rural de-velopment grants and loans and more resources to fight everything from ille-gal drugs to invasive species like Asian carp. Communities in every single State will win because of this work. I want to express gratitude to Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle: our sub-committee chairs, who helped to shape the bills in this minibus, Senators M
URKOWSKI , C OLLINS , H OEVEN , and L
ANKFORD ; all of our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee and their fearless leaders, Chairman S
HELBY and Vice Chairman L
EAHY , for keeping this process bipartisan and for keeping it moving; and Senator M
URKOWSKI , once more, for her work in managing this legislation here on the floor. I am proud of the regular appropria-tions process we are rebuilding to-gether. I am proud that we have been able to process several amendments and hope we can continue to process even more. But I am especially proud of the good things this legislation will do for families and communities na-tionwide. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 184 AND H.R. 1201 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that there are two bills at the desk that are due for a second read-ing en bloc. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bills by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 184) to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. A bill (H.R. 1201) to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in order to place the bills on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings en bloc. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection having been heard, the bills will be placed on the calendar. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, FINAN-CIAL SERVICES, AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 6147, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 6147) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses. 
Pending: 
Shelby amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.002 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5395 July 26, 2018 
Murkowski amendment No. 3400 (to amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
CARL D . PERKINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL  
EDUCATION ACT REAUTHORIZATION  
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I am proud to be here this morning to talk about a legislative matter that has taken many years to come to fruition. We were able to work together in a bi-partisan manner to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act and make important up-dates that will support high-quality programs, foster innovation, and im-prove access for all students. I am very proud to be joined by Senator E
NZI, who worked for years on this issue. I will say more about Senator E
NZIin a moment. Perkins CTE—‘‘CTE’’ standing for ‘‘career and technical education’’—is critical to creating jobs and growing wages and ensuring our workers have the tools to outcompete wth anyone in the world. This legislation will em-power States and local districts to cre-ate programs that provide better out-comes for all students, educators, and our economy. Since the last reauthorization in 2006—you heard that right, 2006—there have been significant changes to both technology and our economy, and we have a growing skills gap. In Pennsyl-vania, for example, jobs requiring some postsecondary education and training but not a B.A. account for 54 percent of Pennsylvania’s labor market; however, only 43 percent of workers in the State are trained to fill these jobs. This bi-partisan legislation will help to close the skills gap by allowing programs to better align with industry needs, en-suring that programs serve as a pipe-line to the high-skill, high-wage, or in- demand jobs of today as well as the jobs of tomorrow. In addition, this legislation creates more alignment with Federal laws, such as the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act—known around here by the acronym WIOA—which deals with our workforce, and better align-ment with the Higher Education Act, as well as better alignment with the Every Student Succeeds Act, which was the elementary and secondary edu-cation law passed in 2015. All of that will help to ensure that our education and workforce programs indeed work together. Similarly, this legislation improves collaboration between secondary schools, institutions of higher edu-cation, employers, and other commu-nity partners. It increases stakeholder engagement and ensures we have a workforce to support high-quality pro-grams by increasing recruitment of and improving professional development for CTE—career and technical edu-cation—educators. I am particularly proud of provisions in this bill that will promote equity and ensure that all students, including students with disabilities, have access to high-quality programs. I am also pleased that provisions in the bill will allow for more career and technical education exploration in both middle and secondary grades. Ex-posing students to different career and academic pathways early gives them more options and opportunities to suc-ceed. We have come together and passed a strong bill that is responsive to the needs of our communities and will help students, programs, and industries across Pennsylvania and across our Na-tion to thrive. I look forward to con-tinuing to work on these issues. Now that the House has also passed this leg-islation, we are looking forward to hav-ing the President sign it into law. I want to say how much I appreciate the work that was done over many years by Senator E
NZIand his staff, working with my staff and working with me, and the direct involvement of both the chairman of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee, Chairman A
LEXANDER , and Ranking Member P
ATTY MURRAY . We are grate-ful for their direct help in getting this legislation through the Senate. With that, I yield the floor to my col-league from Wyoming. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, I want to begin by thanking my friend from Pennsylvania, Senator C
ASEY , for his commitment to the students who will benefit from the reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act and for the bipartisan-ship that helped us to reach this point. I also want to thank Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY  for prioritizing the effort to reauthor-ize Perkins CTE. Their recognition of the importance of this work was key to getting past an impasse that only a few months ago looked unlikely to break. Senator C
ASEY and I have had a lot of hours of working together to come up with a bill that would make a dif-ference for people who want to work with their hands. I have a favorite book that talks about this, and part of the title is ‘‘From Coal Miners to Cow-boys,’’ referring to the people who get their hands dirty every day to provide what we need. This is a segment of the economy we really need. I know that if you need an electrician or a plumber, you want them right away, and you want them trained. That is what this bill emphasizes and provides for. I do need to thank the administra-tion, and Ivanka Trump Kushner, in particular, for putting the spotlight on the reauthorization of Perkins CTE and workforce development generally. With a laser-like focus on strength-ening the economy, the President and his administration have rightly recog-nized that a strong and prosperous economy requires a skilled and ready workforce. This combined, bipartisan effort resulted in the Senate unani-mously passing its amendment to the House’s own bipartisan bill. We did it by voice vote, and that is as bipartisan as it gets around here. Now the House has taken that bill and approved of the changes that were made, which we coordinated with them during the time that we were negoti-ating, and they have taken the same action. So that bill is now on the way to the President, who emphasized that we need to do it. Passing this reauthorization is par-ticularly important to Wyoming, where one-sixth of school districts have cho-sen not to participate in Perkins CTE because the compliance and reporting burdens were too heavy to justify the funds they would receive. That changes with this bill. For years, States have been leading the effort to tackle the national work-force skills gap and ensure that they, and our country at large, have a work-force that is capable of meeting the challenges of an increasingly dynamic, competitive, and global economy. Un-fortunately, States have been meeting these challenges under a program that was last authorized in 2006. By modernizing Perkins CTE, we are taking the important step of better aligning the primary Federal career and technical education program with the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act and the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. We like these all to work to-gether—and these are all achievements that have been done in recent years— because, far from working independ-ently, these programs are all pieces of the larger workforce development puz-zle. Because it can be hard to know what programs to provide when you don’t know which ones are needed, this legis-lation also promotes collaboration be-tween the stakeholders so that local businesses are brought to the table to communicate their needs to States and local educators as strategies and pro-grams are developed. We want people hired after they get training. So the training needs to be for the jobs that are going to be available. Crucially, by enabling the limited funds provided by this program to be more effectively spent on education and less on complying with Federal re-porting requirements, this legislation will better reflect that the investment made by the Federal Government in ca-reer and technical education represents pennies on the dollar when compared to the investment of money and effort made at the State and local levels. This bill takes the important step of providing States with greater author-ity to determine the levels at which they will be held accountable under this program. However, as States continue to com-pete for investment, accountability will ultimately come in the form of employers who will vote with their feet and their capital, hiring people. Ask any businessperson what their biggest challenge is, and they will likely tell you it is finding workers with the right skills and knowledge to fill their open jobs. States and communities that rec-ognize this need and rise to the chal-lenge of preparing their residents for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.004 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5396 July 26, 2018 
those jobs are the ones that will suc-ceed in this economy. These improvements, along with many others included in this bill, un-derscore why passage of this legislation has long been a priority for so many people, and it is only appropriate that one of the clearest displays of biparti-sanship in the 115th Congress would be in support of our workforce and the students preparing to join it. I once again thank my friend Senator C
ASEY for his support in this effort, and I will also express my disappointment in how little publicity there has been. If there is a controversy, if people are cursing each other or making unusual comments, that makes the paper. But to actually do something—to actually get something done and to get it done in a bipartisan way with people work-ing together virtually unanimously— well, that must have been too easy. If it were easy, we wouldn’t have been working on it for three years, but we got it done. It is on its way to the President, and I am proud of it. Again, I thank Senator C
ASEY for his superb effort in reaching agreement on this. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. COONS. Madam President, I want to briefly add my personal thanks to the Senators from Wyoming and Pennsylvania, who just spoke. Their work on getting this bipartisan solu-tion to the Perkins CTE reauthoriza-tion is nothing short of admirable. I have worked with the Senator from Florida, Mr. R
UBIO, for 7 years on an education demonstration program called the American Dream Accounts. Both of these terrific Senators were gracious in including it in this bill. This is a bill that is going to make possible programs all over this country that will smooth and clear the pathway toward meaningful employment for young Americans. I wish more people knew about this kind of work, this kind of effort that these two Senators have made to move forward the sort of bipartisan, responsible solutions to the real problems facing Americans, which we need, and I just wanted to take one moment and thank them both for their tireless work to achieve this good re-sult today. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, both parties used to agree that the thorough review of a Supreme Court nominee’s record was essential to ful-filling our constitutional advice and consent obligations as Senators. When Elena Kagan was nominated 8 years ago, even though Democrats were in the majority and Republicans were in the minority, Chairman L
EAHY  joined with Republicans to request all of Elena Kagan’s records from her time in the White House. Now the shoe is on the other foot. We are in the minority; they are in the majority. But rather than applying the previous, bipartisan standard, the Republican majority is refusing to join with Democrats in re-questing Brett Kavanaugh’s complete record. At issue is Brett Kavanaugh’s time as Staff Secretary in the Bush White House. Republicans argue we don’t need to see papers from that part of his career; Democrats argue we most cer-tainly do. Republicans are being hypo-critical and sophistic. In both cases, we said that we needed all of the papers. Why? Because this is such an important job, and we ought to see the complete record of whoever the nominee is. Now they are saying: Well, counsel is OK, but Staff Secretary isn’t, and Kagan wasn’t a Staff Secretary. So what? So what? The relevant standard is all of the records, no matter what jobs they had, and Republicans are trying to come up with a difference for reasons that peo-ple are asking why. Are they hiding something? Is Kavanaugh hiding some-thing? What did he do when he was Staff Secretary that he doesn’t want the American public to see? The Republicans say that the job of Staff Secretary wasn’t so important, merely a paper pusher. Bull. The Sen-ate doesn’t need to see anything from that period, they say, because the job was unimportant. Second, they say that his years as a judge should pre-clude him from having to provide pa-perwork from his earlier work as a top White House official. The Republicans keep moving the goalposts. They keep changing the standards to suit their needs to accom-plish their goal—a hard-right, anti- middle-class, anti-choice, anti- healthcare Supreme Court. That is their goal. They can’t accomplish it here; they can’t accomplish it in the House; they can’t even accomplish it with President Trump because those are elected branches of government, and the public pushes back. But with judges, they can, so they keep moving the goalposts and changing the rules time and again. Their arguments don’t withstand scrutiny. Let’s take the first one: The job of Staff Secretary wasn’t so impor-tant. That is a laugher. Brett Kavanaugh himself has said that ‘‘my three years as Staff Secretary for President Bush—were the most inter-esting and in many ways among the most instructive.’’ If he feels they were most instructive, why shouldn’t the American people see what instructed him? By his own account, during his time in the White House and as Staff Secretary, Judge Kavanaugh attended meetings with world leaders from the Pope to Vladimir Putin. He partici-pated ‘‘in the process of putting legis-lation together,’’ and he talked to the President of the United States about how he should pick someone for the Su-preme Court. In fact, Judge Kavanaugh said his time as Staff Secretary made him a ‘‘better interpreter of statutes.’’ Over and over again, Judge Kavanaugh has said that this was an important position and it critically in-formed who he is as a judge and who he will be, should he be confirmed—I hope he isn’t—to the Supreme Court. So the argument the Republicans have made that Staff Secretary isn’t an important job is virtually laughable and a cover-up for their fear of letting all the records out. The second argument we are hearing is that it is gratuitous and unreason-able to ask for documents from Brett Kavanaugh’s career before he became a judge. Well, they have amnesia on the other side. Nine years ago, when this body was considering the nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court, Senate Republicans on the Judi-ciary Committee requested all of the paperwork from her tenure at the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund. Sotomayor was a judge for 15 years— 3 longer than Judge Kavanaugh—and still Republicans, just 9 years ago, said they needed ‘‘minutes from the board meetings’’ that Justice Sotomayor at-tended as far back as 29 years before her confirmation hearings. Here is what Senator Sessions said in 2009: 
The [Puerto Rican legal defense fund] doc-uments may provide insight into [Sotomayor’s] judicial approach. . . . The American people have a right to know this important information about President Obama’s nominee. 
Guess what. Senator L EAHY , then chairman, joined Sessions in request-ing those documents. Democrats have been very open about their nominees— our nominees—and we have let the full records come out. We are not afraid of who they are. But when the Repub-licans are in charge, they come up with all of these elliptical, sophistic, and fundamentally hypocritical arguments about why that record shouldn’t be made available. We have never heard those from Democrats. It is just unfair. So when my friends from the other side say that we don’t need all of Kavanaugh’s documents because White House Staff Secretary isn’t an impor-tant job, we ask: Isn’t it a more impor-tant job than being part of the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund, from which you demanded records? Of course it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.005 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5397 July 26, 2018 
It seems each time Democrats dem-onstrate that our request is 100 percent consistent with the Senate’s bipartisan precedents, we hear some new, strained, contorted rationalization from Senate Republicans as to why a new, partisan approach is called for now and why the Senate should avert its gaze from Judge Kavanaugh’s work as one of the most senior officials in the White House. Republicans keep moving the goalposts in what I can only characterize as a flimsy and transparent attempt to mask their own hypocrisy. Again, there is an obvious, looming question: What are Republicans trying to hide in Judge Kavanaugh’s record? What don’t they want the public to see? Why are they making such hypo-crites of themselves in coming up with these solipsistic arguments that when they were in the minority and Presi-dent Obama nominated people, they should get all the records, but not now? If there is nothing to hide for Judge Kavanaugh, then let the sunlight shine. Let the records come out. My Republican friends seem to think that some Democrats have announced their opposition to Judge Kavanaugh, and that means the full Senate doesn’t deserve to have access to his records. Frankly, it is rich to hear this from the Republican leader. People are roll-ing their eyes. He refused to consider any nominee by President Obama—it didn’t matter who it was—mere hours after we received the news of Justice Scalia’s death. It was one of the most shameful chapters in the Senate. I know there is gloating on the hard right: Wasn’t that a brilliant move? It is going to go down in history as one of the low points of the Senate, and Senator M
CCONNELL will have to bear that on his shoulders. I say that even though he is my friend. I say to my Republican colleagues: This is not about Democrats. This is not about individual Senators and how they might vote. It is about the Amer-ican people. We have an open govern-ment. The American people deserve a chance to hear the full record, make their judgments, and let their elected representatives know now, before the nominee is voted on and in November. When Elena Kagan’s documents were requested by the Senate, they were al-most immediately posted online for ev-eryone to see, and they are still there. You can look them up. This isn’t about how some of my Democratic colleagues may vote on Judge Kavanaugh; this is about hiding critical information about a Supreme Court nominee from the American people. This is simple. Senate Democrats are following a bipartisan precedent; Sen-ate Republicans are not. Republicans are playing a partisan game in hopes of withholding and hiding relevant infor-mation from the Senate and the public. I will make one final plea to my col-leagues on the other side, who seem to think the whole thing is just a political game and that there is nothing deep or sincere about the foundation of this Republic. This is not a game. This is a nomination for a lifetime appointment to a seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. It is one of the most im-portant votes any of us will ever cast. The American people expect and de-serve that the Senate take its constitu-tional duty seriously. I hope our Re-publican colleagues will stop their par-tisan, self-serving games and let the Senate do its job. HEALTHCARE  
Madam President, on healthcare, a year ago this week, the Senate de-feated a partisan attempt by President Trump and Senate Republicans to re-peal the healthcare law. Since that ig-nominious defeat, where J
OHNMCCAIN showed such courage and looked so much better than so many of my other colleagues across the aisle in what they are doing now, the Trump admin-istration and congressional Repub-licans have sabotaged our healthcare system, raising costs on American fam-ilies, driving up premiums, reducing the quality of care. For what reason? There seems to be hardly any reason, other than political spite. President Trump is an expert on po-litical spite. We all know that. Our Re-publican colleagues just march blithely behind him. They hate the Affordable Care Act so much that they are willing to take a torch to our healthcare sys-tem, even though it hurts millions of average Americans. The Trump administration is trying to gut protections for Americans with preexisting conditions through the courts. The administration has di-rected the Justice Department not to defend the constitutionality of pre-existing conditions and at the same time is pushing Judge Kavanaugh onto the Bench. Remember, President Trump said that his ‘‘judicial appointments would do the right thing, unlike Judge Rob-erts on health care.’’ Make no mistake about it, America, Judge Kavanaugh’s nomination to the Supreme Court puts the future of protections for pre-existing conditions in the spotlight. I would like every Republican Sen-ator to go home and defend that. Go home and defend that they want to re-peal protections for preexisting condi-tions; go home and defend that they want to put on the Bench a nominee who is likely to do so because Presi-dent Trump said so. In a recent Kaiser poll, voters ranked continuing preexisting conditions as the most important healthcare issue in the upcoming campaign. By 58 to 27, voters said that since President Trump and congressional Republicans have made changes in the law, they are now responsible for any problems with our healthcare system moving forward. Almost a year after the Republican healthcare bill went down, those num-bers should be a stark warning to my Republican colleagues. The American people do not want endless political sabotage. They want lower costs, bet-ter quality, more stability, and, above all, they want to keep the protections for Americans with preexisting condi-tions. Republicans go down the road of sab-otage at their own peril. I urge my col-leagues, instead, to join Democrats in defending preexisting conditions in court, as Senator MANCHIN , Senator C
ASEY —who has been such a leader on healthcare, whom we will hear from in a minute—and other Democrats have asked us to do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
28TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH  
DISABILITIES ACT  
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise for two purposes today, and I will start with the anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. This is the 28th anniversary of that landmark legisla-tion. Former Senator Tom Harkin served the people of Iowa for more than three decades, if you include House and Sen-ate service. He was a champion for peo-ple with disabilities, and I think that is an understatement. For many years, he was the champion. Senator Harkin used to say that the Americans with Disabilities Act was the last great civil rights law of the 20th century. The passage of what we know as the ADA helped to bring into focus a pic-ture that started to develop 150 years ago with the ratification of the 14th Amendment. That great amendment guaranteed equal protection under the law for all. The passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act confirmed that people with disabilities are included in that guarantee of the 14th Amendment. I think it is important to review the goals of the ADA. We have probably lost track of those goals with the pas-sage of time. They need to be repeated. The first goal is equal opportunity. The second goal is independent living. The third goal is full participation. The fourth goal is economic self-suffi-ciency. That is what we want to achieve for people with disabilities: equal opportunity, independent living, full participation, and economic self- sufficiency. The goals are not achievable, of course, without great support. To achieve those goals, we need actions from governments, actions from busi-nesses, actions from schools and uni-versities, and, indeed, actions from every sector of our society. We need ac-tions to promote and protect the dream that is at the core of the ADA. The ADA affirmed rights outlined in the 14th Amendment. Despite those guarantees, this past year we have seen substantial and, I would argue in many instances, very cruel efforts that threaten equality for people with dis-abilities. Earlier this year, we saw that the House of Representatives passed a bill that would have gutted title III of the ADA, making public access an after-thought for people with disabilities. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.006 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5398 July 26, 2018 
the Senate, with many of our col-leagues joined together, we stopped that effort. If they try it again, we will have to stop them from doing it. These threats continue. In the past couple of weeks, we heard officials of this administration claim that segregation and institutionaliza-tion with regard to those who have a disability should be acceptable for these Americans with disabilities. The law of our land, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the 1999 Su-preme Court Olmstead decision say otherwise. They say that the values and policy of the United States are for the inclusion—the inclusion—of people with disabilities. That statute and that Supreme Court decision do not say that the United States supports seg-regation, isolation, and institutional-ization of people with disabilities. I hope the administration will fur-ther clarify what their position is be-cause it is contrary to law, but it is also an insult to our values. It seems that on many days in the last year and a half, if not longer, the Republican majority, both here in the Senate and in the House, has been focused on three objectives when it comes to healthcare: rip away, decimate, and sabotage. Rip-ping away protections like those for preexisting conditions in the Afford-able Care Act, decimating the Medicaid Program, and sabotaging our healthcare system are actions by the administration that some Republicans have not interfered with. You have an administration that on a daily and weekly basis over many months now has sabotaged our system—sabotaged the individual market and sabotaged people’s ability to get healthcare. We are going to continue to fight against that. One of the biggest fights we are going to have is on Medicaid. Medicaid in Pennsylvania affects more than 2 million people. It has an impact because of the healthcare benefit it provides on 40 percent of the children of my State, 50 percent of the people with disabilities, and more than 60 per-cent of folks trying get into nursing homes. When it comes to Medicaid, I am going to fight to the end of the Earth to protect it, not to sit down and have a nice discussion about it but to pro-tect it. If they want to take it on, we are going to continue to fight against them as long as it takes. No matter how hard or how long that fight is, we are going to fight it. Despite the progress we have made with the Americans with Disabilities Act and a lot of other progress in the interim, we still have a ways to go for the promise and the dream that many Americans with disabilities have had. We need further action, further legisla-tion, further work in a bipartisan man-ner. I hope that will be the case on two of my bills. Let me outline them quickly. No. 1, I just introduced a Disability Employ-ment Incentive Act, which encourages businesses to hire more people with disabilities. The disability workforce is robust, creative, reliable, loyal, and productive. We need more people with disabilities in competitive, integrated employment to strengthen our econ-omy and to enhance the capacity of our businesses. The second bill I have is to protect people with disabilities and their fami-lies, so we have introduced the Office of Disability Policy Act. As sabotage continues to occur by the administration, we need accurate, nonpartisan information about pro-posals that could harm people with dis-abilities and the infrastructure that makes it possible for them to partici-pate in our society. We have a responsibility to know when a law that is being proposed—or an action by an administration—will benefit or adversely affect 56 million Americans with disabilities. During this month, when we celebrate the 150th anniversary of the ratification of the 14th Amendment and the 28th anni-versary of the signing of the ADA, we need to remember we all have a respon-sibility to complete the picture and to help Americans with disabilities to re-alize the dream. As a nation, our duty now is to take the actions that protect and enhance the rights of all Americans, including those with disabilities, and to make equality for all a reality. 
HEALTHCARE  
Let me conclude with some thoughts about the recent debate about protec-tions for preexisting conditions. As I said before, it seems that Republicans in Washington have a maniacal obses-sion with decimating Medicaid, wiping out the ACA protections, including protections for preexisting conditions. Now that we have changed the law, we said: ‘‘If you have cancer, you can still get coverage or treatment.’’ Now I guess some here want to take us back. We have 5.3 million people in Penn-sylvania with preexisting conditions; 643,000 of them are children. We are not going back. We are not going back to those days when those 5.3 million peo-ple in Pennsylvania don’t have protec-tion. We are not going back. If they want to have a fight about it, we will fight about it. Last year, I heard from Liz from West Chester, PA—suburban Philadel-phia—who was diagnosed with cancer at the age of 26. Here is what she told me: 
For years I worried about losing my job and with it my insurance because I have costly preexisting conditions. This stress added to the stress of my diagnosis, treat-ments, and work/life balance. 
Then she goes on to say: 
Weight lifted off my shoulders when the preexisting condition protections became law. Now those protections are threatened. 
So a weight was lifted off her shoul-ders because of an advancement in law because we protected people with pre-existing conditions. Now some people here want to add that weight back onto her shoulders. That has to be stopped at all costs, and we will stop it. This latest scheme, this court case trying to overturn preexisting condi-tions protections, is why Senator MANCHIN and I are leading the effort on a resolution to authorize the Senate legal counsel to intervene in the case of Texas v. The United States. This would be devastating for mil-lions of people across the country. I mentioned 5.3 million in Pennsylvania with preexisting conditions—133 mil-lion across the country. Any of us—all of us—are vulnerable when the pre-existing conditions protections are tar-geted. It is outrageous—outrageous— that the Department of Justice is weighing in against the law of the land and arguing that these protections for individuals with preexisting conditions should be struck down. We must de-feat—defeat—this cruel attempt to rip away these protections. I will fight every day to make sure every Amer-ican—no matter where they live or what their health status is—has access to the healthcare they need. It is good that we are celebrating the 28th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. We are happy about that, but at the same time, we need to be vigilant against attempts to under-mine progress we have made since the ADA and progress we have made more recently. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, who wants to eat bugs for lunch? I am hear-ing crickets, even among the pages here. Now, there is a reason for that, but the National Institute of Food and Ag-riculture at the USDA is spending more than $1.3 million to support cricket farming in the development of bug-based foods for human consump-tion. This sounds like a headline straight out of The Onion, but it is not. It is your hard-earned taxpayer dollars being used to try to develop a taste for crickets and other bugs. This initiative is trying to determine which bugs taste best, which bugs are most nutritious, and the best methods for farming bigger, tastier crickets. Now, while the USDA has no plans to inspect cricket farms and the FDA has ‘‘no special rules for edible insects’’ at this time, multiple bug-based compa-nies have received Federal funds to re-search and develop techniques to put bugs in your food. For example, Bugeater Labs—I am not joking here—Bugeater Labs of Ne-braska has received $100,000 of taxpayer money—this is a grant—to identify the most edible insects. With support from the USDA, Bugeater is testing bug- based pasta, ramen, and macaroni noo-dles. Now, to get bugs into the food, the crickets are ground into a powder and mixed into pasta dough. Bugeater hopes to secure another $600,000 in Fed-eral funds to cover the cost of devel-oping and manufacturing a commer-cial-ready product made from bugs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.008 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5399 July 26, 2018 
Now, separately, All Things Bugs of Georgia—I am not kidding. Again, that is a real company—has received nearly $1.3 million for reducing the cost and improving the efficiency of farming crickets as food ingredients. They cur-rently produce and sell cricket powder with ‘‘mild aroma, neutral flavor, and minute particle size that can be added to recipes.’’ Four pounds of crickets are required to produce 1 pound of pow-der. A pound of cricket powder pro-duced by All Things Bugs, which boasts ‘‘the most affordable wholesale price,’’ sells for about $35 a pound. By compari-son, the average retail price for 100 per-cent ground beef is about $3.80 a pound. The United States has more than 2.5 billion pounds of beef, pork, poultry, and turkey being stockpiled. This is a record level. Clearly, a new source of protein is not needed and, in this case, likely not wanted. In fact, the CEO of one of these crick-et cuisine companies said yesterday: 
Realistically, as much as we wish people would behave differently, Americans won’t buy significant amounts of insect protein. If most were asked to volunteer to eat a bug, the response would be— 
As we heard here— 
crickets. 
With, I should note, the annual com-memoration of Pioneer Day in Utah, I think I can speak for many of my own ancestors, who nearly starved thanks to swarms of crop-destroying crickets, when I say inspect-based food develop-ment will not be stomached well by taxpayers. Today I am proposing an amendment to end the Federal agriculture sub-sidies for farming of insects and to pro-hibit spending taxpayer dollars to de-velop bug-based food for human con-sumption. I can’t believe it takes an amendment to do this kind of thing. It is my understanding it is being in-cluded in the manager’s amendment and will likely succeed if it is. I would just say this is not going to balance the Federal budget, but at a time when the Office of Management and Budget is projecting trillion-dollar deficits in 2019 and beyond, how can we pay money and have grants of over $1 million to pay companies to try to get people to eat bugs? It doesn’t pass the laugh test, and people simply have to have more faith in their government than that. I hope this amendment will pass. I hope we aren’t forced to eat crickets. That doesn’t seem like anything any-body wants to do, and we shouldn’t be forcing taxpayers to pay for it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I see no-body seeking the floor. I will speak briefly, but I would urge the Congress— both bodies—to heed the clear warn-ings of our intelligence community, and I urge them to take a meaningful step, an important step, toward defend-ing our democracy. If we do nothing, we leave our elec-tions vulnerable to an aggressive for-eign adversary fully intent on desta-bilizing our country. To this Vermonter, and many of the Senators in the Chamber, it is a simple choice. It is a solemn responsibility. Today, the Senate should vote on my amendment to provide $250 million in grants to the States to help secure their election systems. We have to send a clear message to Russia and other foreign adversaries that tampering in our elections will not be tolerated. Simply giving a speech about it is not enough. We should vote on this. If there was a missile attack against any of our States, we would respond immediately. Our democracy is a sa-cred part of what we cherish as Ameri-cans—all of us, Republicans and Demo-crats alike—and our States are under attack. In fiscal year 2018, Congress came to-gether—Republicans and Democrats, the House and the Senate—and we ap-propriated $380 million for State elec-tion security grants in response to our intelligence community’s assessment that Russia interfered in the 2016 elec-tion. In just a few months since then, States and territories—55 in all—have requested funding, and 100 percent of these funds have been committed; 90 percent of them having been disbursed to the States. The need is clear, and we have only scratched the surface. This week, 21 State attorneys general signed a letter pleading with Congress to appropriate more money to address this imminent threat. Experts agree that aside from our appropriation last year, Congress has not provided any new spending on election security grants in years. By not providing these funds, Congress has allowed our election infrastructure to lag behind the times and the threat. We are leaving our country vulnerable to a clear threat to the foundation of this very institution and the other in-stitutions of American Government. We spend hundreds of billions of dol-lars in defending against missile threats, as we should, or threats from the sea, the air, and the land, as we should. But here is a very direct threat we can begin to address with a tiny fraction of what we spend on these other threats. My amendment will provide the fund-ing needed to help protect our elec-tions. Our intelligence community has warned us publicly that we are, once again, being targeted. The Senate should not allow that. We should vote to defend this institution, the U.S. Senate, and our own democracy. In a world where the President of the United States stood shoulder to shoul-der with Vladimir Putin and refused to condemn Russia’s attack on our elec-tion and attacked our own law enforce-ment intelligence agencies, my amend-ment is a necessary first step. I believe in America first, not Russia first. I believe in protecting America. Our State works very hard to protect our elections. We elect Republicans and Democrats in our State. In the last election, Republicans elected a Gov-ernor, and I was reelected as a Senator. It is obvious we split votes, but we count our votes, and we do not have in-terference from another country. Vermont is a small State, and we go under their radar, but anybody who reads the intelligence knows there is no question Russia has attacked us be-fore, Russia is continuing to attack this country today, and Russia will at-tack this country in November. We must protect it. I don’t believe anybody is seeking recognition. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TARIFFS  
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, over the years I have been on the Senate floor many times bringing up the challenges of rural America, whether it is deliv-ering quality healthcare or investing in vital infrastructure that supports our businesses or connecting our schools to the 21st century. I have worked hard to make sure that rural States like Mon-tana have a voice in the Senate. That is why I am so frustrated by the recent comments made by National Trade Council Director Peter Navarro. Mr. Navarro last week characterized the economic uncertainty that tariffs are causing to the American farmer and rancher as nothing more than a ‘‘rounding error.’’ Mr. Navarro has an important posi-tion. He is a trade adviser, and he is a strategist for the President of the United States. He believes the tariffs that are harming Montana producers equate to nothing more than a ‘‘round-ing error.’’ This statement is inac-curate, it is insulting, and it is dismissive of rural America. If Mr. Navarro truly believes that his com-ments are true, he has a lot to learn about what is going on across this country. I am willing to bet that he hasn’t been to a farm, a ranch, a stockyard, or a grain elevator facility recently— maybe ever—and I am sure he hasn’t picked rock in North Central Montana. I don’t think he would call the admin-istration’s trade war a ‘‘rounding error’’ if he met with Montana’s home-builders, construction workers, small business owners, farmers, and ranchers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.009 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5400 July 26, 2018 
who are being squeezed by the rise of the cost of doing business now because of these tariffs. I urge Mr. Navarro to leave the swamp, and come to Billings, Fort Ben-ton, or Dutton, MT, and get an accu-rate perspective of how these tariffs are impacting family farms, ranches, and businesses across my great State. If he or anyone else in Washington were to speak with the folks who are most impacted by their trade policies, here is what they will hear. In ag coun-try, they will say: Do you know what? Our commodity prices weren’t that cherry to begin with, and now we are seeing them drop even more. We are seeing our input costs go up. The head of the Montana grain grow-ers, a lady by the name of Michelle Erickson Jones, testified recently that they didn’t buy a grain bin. A grain bin is a facility that is made out of steel that stores grain. The costs went up on that very simple structure by 20 per-cent over the last year. Forterra, in Billings, MT, builds bridges and has seen bridge component structures such as I-beams and rebar go up double digits just recently. In fact, in Missoula, MT, where they are building a new library to export infor-mation out of—a very good thing for that community, and for any commu-nity, as far as that goes—they passed a bond issue. Their costs went up more than $700,000 just because of the in-creased cost of steel. Those are the input costs. We have been working for genera-tions and generations to develop mar-kets all around the world, as we live in a world that is getting smaller every day, and we are losing those export markets. We are losing certainty, and without certainty you cannot plan for the future. Many of these agricultural farms and ranches have been in the family for generations, as mine has been. We hope to pass it along to the next generation, but if you create enough uncertainty, that will simply be impossible. That is exactly what is going on in this coun-try today. In the 1980s, we saw family farm after family farm go broke. That started, by the way, with a grain embargo. We will see that same scenario being repeated today if we don’t change the way we are doing business. So I ask: What is the endgame? I don’t know that what is going on in the White House right now gives me any sort of hope that there is an endgame. Here are the facts. According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the ongo-ing trade war will threaten $20 million in Montana exports alone—just Mon-tana exports—and, in fact, 140,000 Mon-tana jobs. We have just over 1 million people living in Montana, and 140,000 jobs is a lot of jobs. Only in Washington, DC, is a $20 mil-lion drop in Montana’s exports and the potential impact of 140,000 jobs consid-ered a rounding error. Just 5 days ago, after he called the impact of the tariffs a ‘‘rounding error,’’ the administration announced that taxpayers are going to have to pay $12 billion to offset the financial im-pacts of these trade policies. Unlike drought, hail, floods, insects, or disease and other challenges that farmers and ranchers must deal with each year, this disaster is man-made. It is govern-ment-made. Make no mistake, this is a self-inflicted problem, and it is a finan-cial problem that is a direct result of tariffs and irresponsible policy. Now in order to try to ease the pain caused by these reckless tariffs, the ad-ministration has decided to further rattle the marketplace with an infu-sion of $12 billion of taxpayer money. I will state that folks in production agriculture want to sell their products, not depend upon undependable erratic payments from the government. I never, ever met a farmer who wanted to receive their paycheck from the gov-ernment. They want to earn their pay-check. They want to earn it from the free market. They want a free market. They want places where they can sell their products. They want to raise the products—and in my case and Mon-tana’s case, some of the finest agricul-tural products in the world—and they want to sell them to customers both at home and in markets around the world. They don’t want to collect cash pay-ments from the government. That is not why they got into business. They want to get it from the marketplace. They want to get their living from the marketplace. These dollars are being used as a bandaid to stop the bleeding that is being felt by America’s farmers and ranchers as a direct result of these trade policies. This $12 billion is not going to help hold on to any markets. It will simply be a patchwork to get through the problems that the govern-ment—this administration—has cre-ated. It will not provide them long- term certainty. It will not provide them the ability to make long-term in-vestments. It will not provide them the opportunity to pass the farm on to their children. It will provide temporary relief, and because of these trade policies, that temporary relief is important, but it is far from a real solution for the folks who give us food security and the folks who feed the world—our family farms and ranchers. I will just say this. I have had con-versations across the State of Montana over my tenure in the Senate. I can tell you that folks work hard. They work hard for their money, and they expect to be given a level playing field, but what we are seeing right now are mar-kets that we have worked a generation to create and to mold being given away to other countries. We are seeing infra-structure in other countries that is not being focused on the United States and the products we produce, but it is being developed to do trade with other coun-tries, in their markets. They produce sometimes the very same products that we produce. I was at a meeting the other night and talked about the fact that in re-gards to Mexico, which buys more bar-ley from Montana than any other na-tion in the world, and Canada, our No. 1 trading partner, Mexico is sitting down and they are negotiating and Canada isn’t. It is interesting because we have heard this before. As Mexico negotiates, they also have signed a trade agreement with Argentina. To my knowledge, this is the first one ever to be able to supply their people with food. That is a market that we need. As far as Canada goes, I have had plenty of issues with Canada—the Ca-nadian Government knows that— whether it is softwood lumber, grain grading for our products going north, or whether it is issues that revolve around the Columbia River Treaty. The fact is that this is our best friend in the world. We need to treat them fairly and, in the process, make sure we have markets for the people in the United States. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, the Land and Water Conservation Fund is one of the Nation’s premier conserva-tion programs. In fact, I believe it is the crown jewel of our conservation programs. The Land and Water Con-servation Fund has been an incredible program across the country, saving land for future generations to enjoy, saving land that otherwise might be lost and neglected for future genera-tions—parts of our park systems, our trail systems, parts of our commu-nities. The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been around for many years. Yet it is set to expire on September 30. The challenge we have in this Cham-ber is that it never seems to be the right time to debate permanent au-thorization of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. Again, it is a program that has incredible bipartisan support. The Land and Water Conservation Fund expires September 30. We need to not only reauthorize the program but to permanently authorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Yet it is still not the right time to debate it. It is not the right issue, not the right bill, not the right moment. I hope we can find a way to do ex-actly what we need to for our great outdoors, for our economy, and for our environment to continue the incredible work of this crown jewel of conserva-tion programs. That is why I have au-thored a bill with a number of my col-leagues around the country, including Senator B
URR, who has been a longtime champion of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund—permanent authoriza-tion, full funding for the Land and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.011 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5401 July 26, 2018 
Water Conservation Fund. That is why we put together an amendment to do exactly what the American people want us to do, and that is permanent authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. I would ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 3424. I further ask that there be up to 1 hour of debate equally divided in the usual form on the amendment and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the amendment with no intervening action or debate. Before I enter that request formally, I would like to yield to Senator B
URR for a few comments. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank my colleague, and I rise in support of his amendment. The Land and Water Conservation Fund—you may remember, last month when I tried to get a vote on its reau-thorization, I had just come from a press conference marking 100 days until it expires. We have been here be-fore. I am sort of shocked sometimes how hardheaded we are in this institu-tion. This program has now reached a point where it is 66 days away from ex-piration. In the 115th Congress, we ac-tually let it expire. The reason Con-gress passed legislation to reauthorize it was the pressure of the American people. Let me say at the start that I have unbelievable respect for the chairmen of the committees whose bills make up this package, and I have deep respect for the ranking members. I hold in high esteem the chairman and the ranking member of the full committee. This is no beef with them. This is a beef with what we have set up as the process for the very choreographed movement of a piece of legislation—in this particular case, the appropriations bill. Some have told me this is just not germane to this bill. The only way it wouldn’t be germane, in my book, is that we are debating legislation on the use of taxpayer money to fund govern-ment, and the Land and Water Con-servation Fund uses zero dollars of tax-payer money. You see, it was created to take a percentage off the royalties of exploration by visionaries who said: We want a perpetual fund that tax-payers aren’t obligated to—that is self- generating off of the resources we take out of the land—to be pumped back in to protect the treasures for generations yet to come. Masterful. Absolutely masterful. As a matter of fact, it was so smart that over 60 Members of the Senate—if we called for a vote right now, up or down, with nobody object-ing or making a motion, it would pass. It would meet the highest threshold in the Senate to actually move out of this body. With over 240 cosponsors in the House of Representatives, it would pass in the House. The President would sign it into law, and this would be behind us. We would set the example for the next generation, as parents and as leaders, that there are some things you have to save for generations who need an opportunity to be exposed to them. It is not as much about what we get out of it; it is about the example we set on how we get there. That is why it troubles me. I look at this as a tremendous oppor-tunity. Although by standards, it is not germane, it is germane because we are not using taxpayer money. We are ac-tually protecting treasures for genera-tions to come, which is our responsi-bility as adults. As I said, it is likely that there will be an objection. I hold no personal dis-respect for those who are forced to ob-ject to it. If we were to table this amendment—I have already conceded to the chairman that they would prob-ably win, not because a majority of the body isn’t for it but because of the pressures that come with that vote; that actual sponsors of the legisla-tion—people who would vote for it— might actually vote to table this for another day. I have tried since the beginning of this Congress to bring up this legisla-tion. I only ask for an up-or-down vote at a 60-vote threshold. I am not trying to short the process in the Senate by one vote. I am not trying to piggyback and hide behind something. I just want the Members of the Senate to actually have an opportunity to debate this and to have a vote. At the end of the day, I think what we would find is that a majority of Senators—I think over 60—would sup-port it and a majority of House Mem-bers would support it. There is one assurance I can give my colleagues: A majority of America agrees with us. They believe we should pass this. We can have a debate as to whether we change it. We are the U.S. Congress; we can change a program at any time. But why would we not pro-vide the certainty that the program is going to be extended? Many that remember the creation of the Land and Water Conservation Fund—it was authorized and capped at $900 million a year. It has never re-ceived $900 million a year because every dime that we get off of royalties is funneled through the same appro-priations process in which we are cur-rently engaged. Another reason I would claim that common sense would say this is ger-mane to what we are doing is because it is money that is controlled by the Appropriations Committee, and for whatever reason—and I am not ques-tioning it—they never appropriated it at $900 million. No administration ever requested $900 million. But nobody can prove to me that there is not $900 mil-lion worth of worthy projects out there. Much of this land ends up back in the inventory of States’ parks, and the residents of those States get to enjoy hunting, fishing, and recreation on that land. They are not relying on their ability to buy a piece of property that they can do it on; they share it with others in their State. In my State of North Carolina, we have some national treasures that, thank goodness, founders before me recognized and protected. One of them is called the Blue Ridge Parkway, the most traveled piece of Federal road structure that we have in this country. When we cut it through the mountains from Virginia to North Carolina in the 1950s—and we created the greatest jobs program at the time; that is what it was designed for—there were private landowners who had property adjacent to that road. What is the prudent thing? The prudent thing is to occa-sionally buy a piece of property that is not adjacent to the road and trade with the landowner who is on the road so that we can protect the roadway. That is the type of project that Land and Water Conservation Fund money goes to. It is not to create a bigger Great Smoky Mountains National Park, which is also in my State. It is the most visited park in the United States. I am not asking to enlarge it. I am ask-ing for us to provide these funds so that great decisions can be made in co-ordination with local officials about what treasures should exist down the road for our children and our grand-children. We are not going to have an oppor-tunity to acknowledge today that we are going to move this legislation. I be-lieve that is incredibly unfortunate. I think it is tough because I think there are a lot of people who would be sup-portive who sound a little bit like crickets today. Here is the only promise I can make to my colleagues today: You are going to have an opportunity to vote on this time and again. As long as the Senate goes into session, if we intend to move legislation, you will have an oppor-tunity to vote on the Land and Water Conservation Fund reauthorization. When this floor opens in the morning, on a regular basis, I will come down here, and I will not encumber the Ap-propriations chairman in every case; I will probably pull every chairman into this. And I won’t just rely on chair-men’s vehicles of legislation that they are very passionate on. I have an Intel authorization bill that I can’t even get to the floor for authorization, and I can’t think of anything that is more important. I think the chair and the ranking member of the full Appropria-tions Committee both served on the committee in the past, and they know the importance of the Intel authoriza-tion bill. I can’t get it up because sometimes we get more hung up on the power of one person in this institution than we do on the importance of what it is we are doing. Well, if that is what we want to do, I will come down as one person, and I will ask unanimous consent that we consider the reauthorization. I am sure somebody will stand up and object. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.013 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5402 July 26, 2018 
They always do. They are objecting to what the American people want us to do. They are objecting to a program that has a proven track record of suc-cess and requires zero—nada, not a dime—of taxpayer money. If there has ever been a thing that we have pre-sented to the American people that we should be applauded on—and that doesn’t happen often—this has been one of them. Yet, because we have chosen conven-ience over debate, because we are try-ing to fit this in a really small box, let me suggest to my colleagues that we are making a foolish mistake for the long term in this institution. This is an institution that was created for this moment. It is an institution that was created so that we could come to this floor and debate, so that we could come in and believe one thing, hear the de-bate, and actually go out and say: It changed my mind. Maybe some people will listen who are now supporters, and maybe some supporters will listen to what I have said and will now vote against me. Here is the troubling thing: They will not have the opportunity. With the promise I will make to them, they will get that opportunity. So watch what you say because before I leave this in-stitution, you will be given the oppor-tunity to vote time and time and again if, in fact, procedurally, we are blocked from letting the American people’s voices be heard with a vote in the Sen-ate. I yield back to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from North Caro-lina, who has been a true champion of the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years. You can hear his passion, and you can sense the passion, and you ab-solutely have an idea of his commit-ment. I am right along with him in this effort to make sure that we do our job here and let the American people’s voices be heard for their support of this program and through our action, which is moving forward with the permanent authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Every corner of this country has ben-efited from the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. There were 330 million park visits in 2017. Every State and many countries around the world have benefited from this conservation pro-gram—from what this means to our country, what this means to our econ-omy, and what this means to conserva-tion and to the protection of our envi-ronment. I look forward to fighting alongside Senator B
URR as we move this most important piece of conservation pro-grams forward in the permanent au-thorization and funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to set aside the pending amend-ment and call up my amendment No. 3424. I further ask that on the amend-ment there be up to 1 hour of debate, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of that time the Senate vote on the amendment with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from the great State of Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I rise to reluctantly reserve the right to object. I will object to amendment No. 3424, which would permanently author-ize the revenue collection and deposit functions of the Land and Water Con-servation Fund. I thank my colleague from North Carolina, and I thank my colleague from Colorado. I, too, know, hear, and understand the passion that they have expressed not only at this time but that they have expressed for quite some time in their support for this im-portant conservation program. It is something about which we, as Ameri-cans, have much to be proud. I have expressed some of my concerns about how, historically, certain aspects of the Land and Water Conservation Fund have shifted from there being less for stateside acquisition and more for Federal acquisition. I would like to see some of that reallocated and rebal-anced. In concept, what we have de-signed with the LWCF is something that has brought strong and good ben-efit to our States and, really, to con-servation efforts throughout the coun-try. When the Senators speak about the merits of the program, I find nothing that I can disagree with in terms of the benefits that we see. Why I rise to ex-press my objection in advancing the amendment is that the issue they have raised is to permanently seek to au-thorize this program. The collection and deposit provisions within LWCF are currently authorized, and, as they have pointed out, they are authorized through September 30 of this year. The measure they bring before us would be to permanently authorize those expir-ing provisions. It is, in its very nature, authorizing on an appropriations bill. We have an annual spending bill that basically directs that spending for 1 year. This measure would be signifi-cant in the extent of its authorization. We have sought to advance the 12 ap-propriations bills through to the floor in a manner that we have not seen in years. I mentioned, when we started this debate on Monday night, that we haven’t had an Interior appropriations bill on the Senate floor since 2010. That is not the Senators’ fault. That is a failure of our process. One can assign a lot of blame, and one can point a lot of fingers. The fact of the matter is that we had moved from that responsibility of ‘‘What are the annual spending pri-orities that the appropriating commit-tees are tasked to do every year?’’ to, effectively, bringing in a lot of the au-thorizing that the authorizing commit-tees themselves needed to do, and it was not working. We stalled ourselves out. We had big omnibus bills that no-body liked. So we are trying to get back to a process that we can stand be-hind, that really defines what the ap-propriations process is designed to do. At the direction of Chairman SHELBY  and Vice Chairman L
EAHY , we have agreed to really try to come together to work to restore what we fondly refer to as ‘‘regular order’’ and what some don’t even know to be regular order be-cause they have never really experi-enced it. Because we made that com-mitment, we were actually able to move an Interior Appropriations Sub-committee bill through the full com-mittee by 31 to 0—unanimous. I don’t know if there has ever been a unani-mous vote on an Interior appropria-tions bill out of the subcommittee, much less being able to bring it to the floor. So much of this objection is due to the fact that the Senator’s amendment would seek to permanently authorize on an appropriation’s 1-year annual spending bill. I think it is also impor-tant to point out to colleagues that while the current authorization does extend through September 30, the au-thority to collect and deposit revenues in the funds is what expires on Sep-tember 30. The ability and the author-ity to appropriate money continues in-definitely. For those who may be concerned that if we fail to authorize this before Sep-tember 30 the sky is going to fall on the LWCF and that all the good that is in the works will stop, that is not accu-rate. Within this year’s spending bill, we have authorized the LWCF to the 2018 level of $425 million. Within this amount, the stateside assistance pro-grams are about 50 percent of the fund-ing. There was $124 million in 2015 for NPS stateside and also additional fund-ing for the American Battlefield Pro-tection Program—an increase this year to the highest level ever within this ac-count. I want to make sure that my col-leagues do know that my commitment here and the commitment of many in this body is to work with our col-leagues—to work with the Senator from North Carolina, to work with the Senator from Colorado, and with the many others who care deeply and rightly about the future of the Land and Water Conservation Fund—to en-sure that it is able to continue the good work that it does. I remind my friends that it was just about a year and a half ago when we moved an energy bill out of the author-izing committee, the Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee. Included as part of that measure was a permanent authorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This is something that the Senator from Colorado had worked on with us, and Senator C
ANT-
WELL , the ranking member on the com-mittee, made sure that it was a pri-ority. Now, that measure has not seen floor time this year. We were able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.014 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5403 July 26, 2018 
move it out in the last Congress. We were able to move that bill out by 85 to 12. When the Senator from North Caro-lina says that there is good support for the LWCF within this body, we have demonstrated it. We have dem-onstrated it through votes on the floor, and we have demonstrated it through the support in the authorizing com-mittee. I do think there is a path forward, but I ask my colleagues to honor the commitment we have made to try to advance our appropriations bills in an order that respects the authority that we have as appropriators, which is to appropriate these dollars to the des-ignated priorities and to stand down when it comes to authorizing on these appropriating bills. The Senators have my commitment, most certainly, to continue to work on a positive path forward—a path that is not months in delay. I absolutely be-lieve that the Senator from North Carolina is very serious in his commit-ment and his resolve that we will see this issue before us on every vehicle out there. It is in my best interest—I think it is in our best interests—to fig-ure out how we are able to come to an agreement to support a program that most of us can get behind, to do so in a manner that allows us to do our leg-islative business, and to do so with the level of comity and civility that this process demands. With that, again, I reluctantly and respectfully object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The majority whip. 
ECONOMIC GROWTH  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-day, during the lunch hour, Kevin Hassett, Chairman of the President’s Council of Economic Advisers, brought a number of charts and a very wel-comed message, which was that the American economy is very strong and that many of the predictions that have been made during the course of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act debate have proven to be true—the positive comments. The negative comments have proven to be false in terms of what the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act would do to restart this great economic engine known as the Amer-ican economy. Back home in Texas, we issued our monthly employment report, and it in-cluded good news, which I would also like to share. First, Texas created 27,000 new jobs in June. That is a whole lot of people who are moving up, pur-suing new opportunities, and moving into our State from places in which they don’t have those opportunities. A single new job can mean a lot of things in a person’s life, but at the very least, it means a fresh start, a chance to be challenged, to grow, and to put a few extra dollars in the bank. Now mul-tiply the 27,000 new jobs by 12, and you can see that the impact on workers, families, and our entire State is huge. I am glad to say that this is the 24th consecutive month of job growth in Texas, and the folks I have talked to around the State in places like College Station, Austin, and Amarillo, just to name a few, are pretty excited. They are also relieved. They are relieved that the Texas unemployment rate continues to decline and are excited that once again we have been called the top State for business. All told, Texas has added 360,000 new jobs over the last 12 months. That is 360,000 new jobs in Texas over the last 12 months. Mayor Jerry Morales of Midland, TX, who is also the owner of several res-taurants there, said recently: ‘‘This economy is on fire.’’ Apparently the fire has reached as far as his kitchen because he is having trouble retaining cooks at his restaurant. In other words, the economy is running strong, unem-ployment is low, and the labor partici-pation rate continues to go up, but em-ployers are having a hard time finding qualified workers to perform the good, well-paying jobs that do exist. That is exactly what a competitive labor mar-ket looks like. Other employers in the Permian Basin around Midland have doubled the previous pay of new em-ployees because of the competitive labor market there. Those are just a couple of stories in one area of my State. There are many more. I continue to hear from my constitu-ents about the positive impacts of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—landmark leg-islation we enacted at the end of last year. Just to remind everybody, we cut tax rates; we doubled the standard de-duction, meaning that fewer people will actually have to fill out the long- form tax return; and we doubled the child tax credit. What is more, we en-couraged companies that had billions of dollars in cash parked overseas that they didn’t want to see taxed twice to bring that money back home, and they have been bringing hundreds of billions of dollars of money previously parked overseas back here to the United States and putting it to work. Earlier this summer, we hit the 6- month anniversary of the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. During that time, I have heard from men and women—William Alderman, for exam-ple. Mr. Alderman is a retired, disabled soldier who said that the new tax law increased his monthly income enough to ease the rising cost of his living ex-penses. Maybe that will not make headlines in the New York Times or the Washington Post, but that is a big deal to Mr. Alderman. I heard from Kim Ewing in Mesquite, who hadn’t seen a pay raise in 7 years. Now she has one, and you can imagine she is grate-ful for it. She wrote that she is glad her Federal Government is finally get-ting what she calls a little ‘‘common sense.’’ The good news is not limited to Texas. We have seen the country on fire when it comes to our economy. We have seen newfound optimism and con-fidence in the future. That is a good thing because during the preceding 8 years, before the current administra-tion, before we had done this, we had been told that we have to accept slow growth and stagnant wages as the new normal. We know that is not true be-cause people can hope for and aspire and work for better, and with the right policies in place, they can be rewarded more generously for their hard work and their diligence and their self-dis-cipline. We have also heard from large com-panies in large cities. We have heard from small businesses in small cities. We have heard that some of the big businesses are handing out bonuses and raises and 401(k) increases. We have heard about the effects in some of our rural areas and the effects on people who sometimes get overlooked in the national conversation. The U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued a report showing that the es-timated effective tax rates declined for all farms of all sizes and that farm households could pay close to 20 per-cent less in taxes. During a time of tough commodity prices, that is wel-come news, that their bill to the Fed-eral Government—Uncle Sam—is going to go down by 20 percent. Unsurprisingly, most Americans now believe that economic conditions are good or excellent and that the economy is improving. As I said, optimism is high. To be specific, it is at a 14-year high. After years of stagnant wage growth, after the previous administration ig-nored the plight of the average Amer-ican worker and paid short shrift to his or her real circumstances—the bills they had to pay, the salary they earned each month—it is about time somebody got the message that Kim Ewing was talking about. In her words, this Con-gress got a little bit of ‘‘common sense’’ and passed the first major over-haul of the Tax Code in 30 years. Was it perfect? Well, of course, not. Are we still working to make those reforms bigger and better? Absolutely. But the main point is that we knew that Amer-ican workers elected us to actually do something, not to just talk about it, and we sure weren’t going to turn our backs on their everyday concerns, things they talk about around the kitchen table. What are the results 6 months later? The United States as a whole added 213,000 jobs in June—more than ex-pected. Average hourly earnings are up close to 3 percent. Manufacturers are more optimistic than at any other time in modern history. It is not just me saying it; it is the chief economist of the National Association of Manufac-turers. This week, Leader M
CCONNELL has been talking a lot about the difference between rhetoric—what President Obama offered—and the results we have been able to deliver. I agree with that contrast. As the majority leader put it, all of us agree with the rhetoric about creating jobs, ‘‘[b]ut not every-body supported the policy agenda that’s helped deliver results for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.016 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5404 July 26, 2018 
American people.’’ That is a chronic problem here in Washington, DC—say-ing one thing and doing another. So we not only tried to say the right thing, we tried to do the right thing by the American people, and I think we have succeeded. Unfortunately, like so much of what happens here in Washington, DC, even creating this newfound optimism, this confidence in the future, more take- home pay, and a lower tax burden—in spite of those benefits, it still surprises me that not a single Democrat voted for tax reform. It was a party-line vote. Every single Democrat in the Senate voted against tax reform. I bet the commonsense men and women, such as Kim Ewing, the lady from Mesquite, TX, whom I mentioned, are taking note. (Mrs. FISCHER assumed the Chair.) 
NOMINATION OF BRETT KAVANAUGH  
Madam President, on to one more topic, earlier this month, I was privi-leged to be at the White House when President Trump announced whom he would nominate to serve in the seat being vacated by Anthony Kennedy on the U.S. Supreme Court. The President had a great roster of judges to choose from, but he settled on Brett Kavanaugh, who I have been here on the floor saying I believe is a stellar pick. His nomination continues what we in the Senate have been doing in the last 18 months—voting on well-qualified nominees to fill the Federal bench, and we have been confirming them at a record pace. These are people who, by definition, will serve for a lifetime. That is what Federal judges do in our country. They have life tenure. They are not subject to election, and they get the independence that goes along with it and a unique job in our system of government of calling balls and strikes, applying the law to the facts of an individual case. It is an incredibly important role to play. Sadly, during the discussion about Judge Kavanaugh that we will take up here soon—it increasingly appears that some of our Democratic colleagues aren’t particularly interested in the qualifications of the nominee. They don’t seem particularly interested in whether they will or will not rule in accordance with the law and the Con-stitution as written. Instead, they have made very clear that they are looking for judges whose views line up with the political opinions and views of the Democratic Party. I am glad to see that a few of them are breaking rank. The minority leader has issued an edict to his Members say-ing: Don’t meet with the judge until we work out something on the documents that we want to see from his time working at the White House Counsel’s Office, as Staff Secretary, or as a mem-ber of the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. But fortunately some of the Democrats have broken rank and decided that they want to visit with the judge, which I think is entirely appropriate. As I said, the minority leader wants to get into a contest over how many documents are going to be produced. Well, let me put this in context. Our Democratic colleagues have requested at least 1 million pages of documents on Judge Kavanaugh. How many were produced for Justice Kagan, who sits on the Supreme Court? Well, it is about 173,000 pages versus 1 million. Like Brett Kavanaugh, Justice Kagan actu-ally worked at the White House, at the White House Counsel’s Office. But what strikes me as so ironic and maybe just a little bit hypocritical is that when Judge Kavanaugh was con-firmed to the DC Circuit Court of Ap-peals in 2006, they didn’t want to see any of those documents. They couldn’t have cared less. Now, all of a sudden, they have become the most important things in the world they could get their hands on during this confirmation process. That ought to tell us some-thing. As I mentioned, the minority leader has told his colleagues to stop meeting with the judge, but a few have broken rank, and I know Judge Kavanaugh is grateful for their political courage. Our colleague from Indiana, the sen-ior Senator, said that he ‘‘always’’ planned to meet with Judge Kavanaugh. The junior Senator from Delaware said that ‘‘of course’’ he will meet with the nominee. And the senior Senators from West Virginia and North Dakota have said they will too. Good for them. I hope this means that the dam of resistance is finally breaking and that more of our colleagues across the aisle will follow suit. I am sure they will learn something by visiting with Judge Kavanaugh, and I am sure they will be impressed, as I was when I met with the nominee and heard more of his story, because the truth is, Judge Kavanaugh is eminently qualified and well respected by everybody who knows him. I look forward to voting both in the Judiciary Committee and then on the floor of the U.S. Senate early this fall and confirming him for the vacancy left by Justice Kennedy’s retirement. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Indiana. 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ACT  
REAUTHORIZATION  
Mr. YOUNG. Madam President, I rise today to speak in support of career and technical education, also known as CTE. As cochair of the Senate CTE Caucus, along with Senators B
ALDWIN , KAINE, and P
ORTMAN , I am very proud of the work we have done in the Senate to ad-vance CTE and to ensure that our stu-dents have the training and the skills needed to succeed in today’s ever- changing workforce. The career and technical education statute was last updated in 2006—over a decade ago—and it was due for reau-thorization 6 years ago. Earlier this week, the Senate passed a historic agreement to update the law and to make a number of important changes. I was proud to help pass this legislation out of the HELP Committee and through the full Senate. Yesterday, the House also passed this reauthorization, sending it to the President’s desk. Here are just a few reasons why in-vesting in CTE is so critical to our country. By 2020, 30 percent of job openings will require some college or a 2-year degree. In the next 10 years, 3 million workers will be required for the Nation’s infrastructure needs. We know that high school students who take CTE classes have higher graduation rates, and they are more likely to find employment or attain higher edu-cation. Postsecondary CTE programs are also a proven, cost-effective means to obtain a credential or other form of degree. So it is worth noting that this reau-thorization of our Nation’s career and technical education law includes im-portant components from legislation introduced by our Senate CTE Caucus. The Educating Tomorrow’s Work-force Act and the Perkins Fund for Eq-uity and Excellence Act are just two key bills that help align CTE programs with the jobs of tomorrow and ensure that quality is maintained and strengthened in our CTE programs. The reauthorization also includes provisions from a bill I helped intro-duce with Senator PETERS to support training for career guidance and aca-demic counselors so they can help in-form students of opportunities in the workforce, and it includes a measure Senator G
ILLIBRAND and I worked on to encourage professional development change and hands-on learning ap-proaches like makerspaces, which pro-vide students the tools and space need-ed to build, create, and learn critical skills. In conclusion, we critically need to update the law to reflect the current and future workforce. I am pleased the House overwhelmingly passed the Sen-ate CTE bill, and I look forward to it becoming law very soon. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maine. Mr. KING. Madam President, I wish to commend the Senator from Indiana for bringing our attention to this im-portant subject. It is important in all of our States. Career technical edu-cation is an incredibly important part of helping to grow our economy, so I wish to express my appreciation to the Senator from Indiana for his leadership on this issue. 
HEALTHCARE  
Madam President, I rise to speak about a different issue; that is, healthcare and what is happening to the Affordable Care Act and to the availability of healthcare and health insurance in our society. I rise genuinely puzzled about what appears to be an obsession or a mania with removing health insurance from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5405 July 26, 2018 
people, with keeping people from hav-ing health insurance. I just don’t get it. The data is very clear over the years that having health insurance saves lives. There can be debate about ex-actly how many, but the reality is— and it is perfectly logical—if you have health insurance, you are more likely to be treated, you are more likely to be treated earlier, and you are more like-ly to survive, particularly with regard to diseases like cancer, where early de-tection and treatment is the best de-fense against this dread disease. I just don’t understand why we can-not face the reality that health insur-ance or health coverage or access to healthcare is a fundamental right. It is a fundamental part of being a human. The idea of rationing healthcare by wealth just doesn’t make sense, par-ticularly in a country committed, as we are, to equality and equal justice under law. The other reason I am surprised at this continuing effort to undermine the Affordable Care Act is that its eventual sabotage will only lead to greater de-mands for some kind of more intrusive change to our healthcare system—a single-payer system or healthcare for all. There are already millions of peo-ple in this country building a political movement to support Medicare for all, which is essentially a single-payer sys-tem. So those who are trying to cripple the Affordable Care Act, which really was a conservative proposal from the 1980s and 1990s, are only paving the way for a much more radical trans-formation of our healthcare system than they would ever desire. The ACA simply builds upon the cur-rent system we have of private health insurance and provides health insur-ance to those who aren’t fortunate enough to work for a company that provides a subsidy for health insurance or provides health insurance to its em-ployees. That is all it is. It is really an effort to fill the gap in this country be-tween those who have insurance through their employer or through Medicare or through Medicaid and those who have no insurance. The ACA was a remarkable success for a period of years because it vastly cut the number of uninsured people in this country. So why we are trying to kill it, to strangle it, to mug it, to sab-otage it just doesn’t make sense from any point of view—either from the point of view of providing healthcare and health insurance to people, which saves lives, or the point of view of try-ing to maintain the semblance of the current system. So here we are in the midst of an on-going attempt to basically sabotage this system. Back in October of 2017, the administration said they are no longer going to make cost-sharing re-duction payments to help insurance companies provide lower copays and deductibles to low-income individuals. Premium increases. I sat on this floor and listened to Members decry pre-mium increases because of the Afford-able Care Act. This is an action which is sure to provide premium increases, and it was a voluntary action of the ad-ministration taken last fall. Back in January of 2017, within weeks of taking office, one of the first things the new administration did was cut advertising to notify people of the availability of reasonably priced insur-ance under the Affordable Care Act—an initial step to cut access. Of course, leading up to the tax filing deadline in 2016, for 2016 returns back last year, the administration said the IRS was no longer going to enforce the individual mandate. Then, of course, this body, in a provi-sion which I can only deem as cruel be-cause of the effect on insurance pre-miums and the effect on the insurance market, generally, eliminated the indi-vidual mandate as part of the tax bill last December. In 2018, the open enrollment period was reduced from 12 weeks to 6—cut in half. No reason was given. Let’s cut it in half so fewer people can sign up. In-terestingly, almost the same number of people signed up because they realized how important this is. Then, last winter, during the open enrollment season, HHS, on Sundays, shut down the website where people can sign up, ostensibly for mainte-nance. It happened to be the 12 hours on a Sunday when most people would have an opportunity to navigate the website. Speaking of navigation, in, I think, what is one of the most blatant at-tempts to sabotage and undermine peo-ple’s ability to gain this most basic and important health insurance—to provide them with healthy lives—CMS recently announced they are cutting grant fund-ing for navigators, the people who help people get the coverage. They cut it dramatically. It has gone from $62.5 million to $36 million, to $10 million. This is complicated stuff. I have gone on the website myself in order to get my coverage. As the Presiding Officer knows, we are in the Affordable Care Act. We have to go on the website. We have to get our care through it. If you have done it, you know it is hard. It is complicated. You are comparing poli-cies. You are comparing deductibles. You are comparing premiums. It is a difficult, complicated process. The navigators I know in Maine have been enormously helpful in just guiding peo-ple through the process so they don’t give up, and they end up getting healthcare and health insurance for the first time in their lives. The amount of funding available in Maine has been re-duced from $550,000 to $100,000. It was cut by 80 percent. This is just arbitrary and cruel because the result is—which is, I guess, what they want—that fewer people will be able to access coverage. It also said the navigators no longer need to be based in the State where they are working. That means you can’t go to on-the-ground efforts or face-to-face efforts, and that is what often makes the difference. The Department of Justice last month said they are not going to de-fend the patient protections in the Af-fordable Care Act—particularly pre-existing conditions. This has enormous ramifications for the people of this country. About half the people in the country have preexisting conditions. Under the old law—not in Maine, I might add; Maine dealt with this issue years ago. Under the old law, in most of the country, an insurance company could either deny you outright for a preexisting condition—which is basi-cally any time you had been sick pre-viously in your life—they could either deny you coverage or charge you an outrageous rate, which is, in effect, a denial of coverage for so many people. Finally, the administration is now pressing what they are calling short- term association plans, which are real-ly largely junk insurance—insurance that is hardly useful, doesn’t cover ev-erything, has very high deductibles, and really gives people a feeling that they have insurance, but when it comes time to use it, it will not really provide coverage. I would like to conclude with this picture of these wonderful people from Maine whom I was with last week. I don’t know who this guy in the middle is, but these are the people who staff something called the Leavitt’s Mill Free Health Plan. Every single person in this picture, with the exception of one part-time administrator, are vol-unteers. These are people coming in and volunteering. They are nurse prac-titioners, physicians who come in and volunteer for a couple of hours a week to provide healthcare to people who don’t have insurance. I just talked to the director, Patsy Levin. She repeated what she said to me when I was there last week: They want to go out of business. We can’t provide healthcare to the millions of uninsured people of this country by volunteers. It is wonderful, what they are doing, but it is impossible. This is like having bake sales to support the Air Force. We have to provide health insurance to people. We will have a healthier country. We will have a more produc-tive country. We will have a more eco-nomically successful country. We will have a more humane country. These people are fantastic. I spent time there. I visited with one of their clients. He has to go to town assistance to buy his insulin. That is wrong. He needs it. He is a diabetic. It is part of what he has to have to survive, and he is having to go for general assistance to the town to provide the lifesaving insulin that he needs. These are wonderful people. They are doing great work, but we shouldn’t have to rely on people taking their own time, their own energy voluntarily, to come in. It is wonderful for this region where it exists. There are several of these around Maine and they are ter-rific, but they can’t fill the need. They can’t fill the need for the millions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.022 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5406 July 26, 2018 
people who are uninsured in this coun-try. We have a responsibility. We have a responsibility when we see a problem to fix it. I know the Affordable Care Act is not perfect. I know it has prob-lems. I know it has limitations. We should be fixing it, not sabotaging it. As I said at the beginning, if the sab-otage is ultimately successful, the re-sult will be heightened demand for more radical restructuring of our healthcare system in this country be-cause, ultimately, people are going to rightfully demand that they have a right to health insurance and to healthcare coverage and access to healthcare that is not dependent upon their income. So I call on the administration to stop these petty efforts to undermine this law that has done so much good, and let’s come together and talk about what the problems are. I know Mem-bers on this side are absolutely ready to do so. Let’s talk about fixing it, not con-tinue to undermine it—to what pur-pose? To a purpose of diminishing healthcare access to millions and mil-lions of Americans, not only those at the low end of the income spectrum but particularly those in the middle in-come who aren’t fortunate enough to have coverage through where they work. We can do better. I believe we will. I hope the administration will join us in this effort instead of continuing its ef-forts to systematically undermine the law that is working for the American people. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, first let me thank my colleague and friend from Maine. If you ask the American people from one corner of this country to the other, what are they worried about, what are they concerned about, what you have just talked about is the top 1, 2, 3 issue: the accessibility and affordability of health insurance, time and again. Some of us have been in a predica-ment in life when someone we love was very sick and had no health insurance. People never forget it as long as they live—people who live every single day with that prospect of not having health insurance or it is so darned expensive they can’t pay for it. I thank the Senator from Maine for the comments he made regarding the efforts by this administration to under-mine and sabotage health insurance. It is one thing to say you are against ObamaCare, you are against the Af-fordable Care Act; the obvious question is, What would you replace it with? When given a chance, the other side of the aisle had nothing. That is why, thankfully, we stopped their efforts to repeal it. You and I, and everyone on this side of the aisle, is open to talking about making it better, make it work more efficiently, and reach more people in a more efficient way. But just saying we are going to get rid of it and then we will talk about it later is not an an-swer. I thank the Senator for the com-ments that he made. Madam President, I am going to ad-dress the second issue that comes up when you talk to people across Amer-ica who are concerned with it, and I will start with a question: Have you ever, ever, in your whole life, seen an ad on television for prescription drugs—ever? If the answer is no, I know one thing for sure: You don’t own a tel-evision because the average American sees nine—nine—television prescrip-tion drug ads every single day. They see nine every day. You know what I am talking about; they mumble as fast as they can: If you take this you may die; don’t take it if you are allergic to it. All of those ads, all of those names of all those drugs— it took about 20 times for me to watch the XARELTO ad to get to the point where I could spell XARELTO. I am not sure I have it right still. But here is what it is all about. Why does pharma—pharmaceutical compa-nies—spend so much money on tele-vision advertising? What is this all about? You can’t buy most of these drugs over the counter; you need a doc-tor. Here is why they do it: They be-lieve, if they keep suggesting to you that this is a drug that might help you, when you go to the doctor you will ask him or her: Doctor, should I be taking XARELTO? Well, the doctor may say to you that you don’t need it—or may say to you that you can take a generic that is a lot cheaper and does the same thing. But in many, many cases, the doctor says ‘‘Let me write a prescription for XARELTO for you,’’ and what we have happening across the United States is the increasing cost of healthcare for everyone, which is being driven by the increasing costs of prescription drug prices. You see, in the United States of America, there is no control over the increases in prescription drug pricing. So these companies that spend billions of dollars advertising on television end up getting more of their drugs pre-scribed, making more money, raising their prices, and it goes on and on, and we see the cost of healthcare increas-ing. How many countries in the world today allow drug companies to adver-tise on television the way they do in the United States? There are two—the United States and New Zealand. That is it. What does the American Medical Association—the doctors of America— have to say about this television adver-tising of prescription drugs? They say it is a bad idea because what it does is incentivize first the patients and then the doctors to prescribe more expensive drugs than are necessary, and that drives up the cost of healthcare. So I decided to try to address this. There are lots of ways you could ad-dress it. I decided one of the things we might do is simply do something that is fair and open and honest: Ask the drug companies in their ads to disclose the price of the drug. Simply that: How much does it cost? Put it in the ad. Well, you might be surprised. Here is one for you. Have you seen the ads for the drug HUMIRA? HUMIRA. I bet you have. I have—plen-ty. It was a drug originally designed to treat rheumatoid arthritis, but then they found that it also could impact psoriasis. Most of us know, psoriasis is a skin problem. For many of us, it is just a tiny little patch on the elbow; for some people, it is more serious. But they now advertise that HUMIRA could be used for psoriasis. That is good to know. Here is what they don’t tell you. Do you know what HUMIRA costs? Do you know how much it costs each month for HUMIRA? $5,500. They don’t adver-tise that because, for $5,000 a month, I think I can live with that patch on my elbow. What I think, and many agree, is that we ought to move to the point where the pharmaceutical companies tell us the cost of the drug in their ad-vertisement. That is not unreasonable, is it? In fact, it is so reasonable that— hang onto your hats—President Donald Trump and this Senator happen to agree on it. The President, at a press conference a couple months ago, said: Let’s have pharma advertise in their advertising the cost of the drug. I thought to myself, Well, that is an issue that I have been working on for a while. I agree with the administration. Maybe we can do it together. So I went to my colleague and friend, Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY of Iowa, and I asked him: Will you cosponsor an amendment to the bill on the floor today that gives appropriations to the Food and Drug Administration to sup-port asking pharma to disclose their prices on their advertising? We introduced this amendment, and, frankly, with 76 percent of the Amer-ican people supporting the idea, we have an interesting coalition: D
URBIN , Democrat of Illinois; G
RASSLEY , Repub-lican of Iowa; President Donald Trump; and—I came to learn last night—the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, Mr. Azar. He called me. I don’t know him. I have never met him. But he said: I want to tell you that we support your amend-ment, the Durbin-Grassley amendment for the disclosure of the cost of drugs. We think it is a good thing. We think it will start to bring down the cost of prescription drugs. That is a great thing. It turns out the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration also supports it. So now we have kind of an amazing coalition: Democrats and Repub-licans—here in the Senate, as well as in the White House, the administration— coming together. How often does that happen around here? Not that often. Sadly, it doesn’t. So let’s seize this op-portunity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.022 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5407 July 26, 2018 
I am asking those who are managing this bill to include this language—this appropriations language in this amend-ment in the bill as a step toward giving us some control over the increasing cost of prescription drugs. Pharma hates this amendment like the devil hates holy water. They don’t want to tell people that HUMIRA costs $5,500 a month. It kind of spoils your ad when you are talking about psoriasis, and it comes out to be over $5,000 a month for their drug. So they don’t want to tell you. They hope it gets lost in the system. I think it is better for Americans to know what they are get-ting into. Why is pharma afraid to tell the con-sumers how much their drugs cost? We shouldn’t wait to be surprised when we go to the pharmacy, when we stand by the register to pay for what we are buying. People have a right to know. You know the price of a car before you buy it. Don’t you? How about the price of that washer and dryer? I looked at those over the weekend with my wife. We know those prices right now. Why shouldn’t we know the price of those drugs? So I am calling on my colleagues—we have amendments Nos. 3611 and 3612. Let’s put them on this bill. Let’s do something. Let’s do the first thing we have done this year—the very first thing we have done this year to address the serious concern which Americans have on the cost of prescription drugs. I see my colleague and friend, Sen-ator G
RASSLEY , is here. I thank him for joining me on this amendment. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. 
REMEMBERING CLEMMIE DIXON SPANGLER , JR. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I rise today to honor and celebrate the life of C.D. ‘‘Dick’’ Spangler, a great North Carolinian who passed away earlier this week. The true mark of a great man, a great contributor to our society is the fact that there are several acts in that individual’s life, there is no one single attribute to which to ascribe that con-tribution, and Dick Spangler was such a man. In that first act, Dick built an im-pressive wealth, at the time making him one of the wealthiest individuals in this country in the family construc-tion and real estate business. The son of a Charlotte contractor and real es-tate investor, Dick attended Woodberry Forest School, then the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and Harvard Business School. After serving 2 years in the Army, he moved back to his native North Caro-lina to work in the family business, C.D. Spangler Construction. In 1973, while continuing to serve in the family’s construction company, Dick became chairman of a little bank at the time, the Bank of North Caro-lina, and was subsequently elected di-rector of NCNB, which would eventu-ally be sold to Bank of America. Although he was a brilliant business-man, in my mind Dick Spangler will best be remembered in our State for his commitment to education and what it means for lifting individuals out of poverty, giving them a path for learn-ing, and expressing their individuality. He did this by advocating for a return to an emphasis on teaching the basics, higher salaries for teachers, and pro-grams for training high school prin-cipals for a very challenging job. That second act and the energies and per-sonal contributions he made to it are what made Dick the remarkable man he was. During his time as president of the University of North Carolina System, a position he held for over a decade, Dick was laser-focused on keeping North Carolina’s public university system af-fordable and low-cost for all seeking postsecondary education. It is because of his dedication so many years ago to low-cost tuition in the UNC System—a mission he pursued without a paycheck during his time as president—that cur-rent North Carolinians today receive an affordable, great university edu-cation. Dick Spangler once said: Low tuition is not a gift. It’s an invest-ment in these students. They go to work and pay that back over a lifetime. 
The number of individuals who have chosen to do just that by making North Carolina their home after graduating from one of the UNC System’s great schools is a testament to that effort. He viewed leading the UNC System as one of the truly great jobs anyone could have. On the eve of his departure, he said, when talking about the UNC System: 
We’re on the side of angels. Spending time with our students—to be with them is one of the great joys a person could experience. . . . I live in a community that is vibrant—not asleep. It’s wide awake and there’s always turmoil because people are bright with view-points sometimes in conflict. 
But for those who know the Spangler family and Dick’s commitment to the State, I will always remember Dick for his philanthropy and the commitment to bettering our State through his per-sonal efforts and his personal giving. The C.D. Spangler Foundation dedi-cated hundreds of millions of dollars over the past several decades to better public education in our State. Through this work, over 120 distinguished pro-fessorships, purposed toward improving instruction in our public education, were funded, providing generations of North Carolinians with the benefits of a quality education. For those unfamiliar with the racial history of North Carolina’s schools, Dick Spangler was prompted by Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education, that seminal Supreme Court decision which said it wasn’t enough to simply say desegregation of public schools was the law of the land; towns needed to commit to it and fol-low through on educating minorities next to their White peers. It is no exag-geration to say that without Dick’s leadership in Charlotte during the 1970s and 1980s, racial desegregation of Char-lotte’s schools might not have hap-pened the way it did, serving as a na-tional model for other communities grappling with racial tensions in their schools. Dick was so adamant about this fact, he decided not just to put his tremen-dous personal wealth to work, but to put his time on Earth to work as well. So he ran to become vice chairman of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Schools in an effort to ease the racial tensions that existed at the time in Charlotte, NC. Although he could have afforded to send his children to private school, he chose to lead by example, and he sent them to the Charlotte public schools to prove what is obvious to us now but was seemingly so controversial at the time. When I hear Dick Spangler’s name, there are words I think of: ‘‘Honest.’’ He was never questioned about his honesty. ‘‘Passionate.’’ Dick Spangler was committed to every effort that he joined into, and he never sold it short. ‘‘Opinionated.’’ He made you listen, whether you wanted to hear it or not. ‘‘Fair.’’ He never let his wealth influ-ence his outcome. ‘‘Daring.’’ He took on things that other people ran the opposite way from. ‘‘Demanding.’’ I am not sure I have been in many meetings with an indi-vidual who controlled attention the way Dick Spangler did. He saw time as a precious thing, and he knew we were limited on the amount that we would be here to use it. Dick Spangler used every minute of his life to make our State and this country better. Last one, Dick Spangler was com-mitted. He was committed to this country. He was committed to this State. He loved his UNC Tar Heels. More importantly, he loved his family. His leading by example rather than simply words will remain in my mind as we mourn and we celebrate the loss of a great man. Today, I wish to extend my condolences and deep appreciation to his wife of 58 years, Meredith, to Abigail, to Hannah, to Tom, and to the extended family. Their loss is not only our State’s loss but our country’s loss. I can feel confident, as I think Dick Spangler does today in Heaven, that Dick did everything he could to set the example for every generation to come; that you have to invest something to get something. I, for one, am moved, inspired, and committed to live on that commitment. I yield to my good friend from North Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The jun-ior Senator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I also rise to make some comments about C.D., or as we all know him, Dick Spangler. I met him about 11 years ago—when I first got into the State legislature—in his office, which is just outside of downtown in Charlotte. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.024 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5408 July 26, 2018 
From every encounter from that point forward, I never left without learning something more. It could be on any number of topics. I appreciate Senator B
URRand all the comments about his legacy. He was amazing. He transformed the univer-sity system, made it one of the great-est in the Nation. He was a huge Tar Heels fan. I remember when we had a memorial service for a former Univer-sity president, and C.D.—or Dick Spangler—spoke. Everybody had been saying this is a celebration, this is a celebration. He got up and said: Folks, this is a very important memorial service, but a celebration is what you do just after the Tar Heels beat the tar out of Duke. He loved the Tar Heels, and he loved the university system. He loved a mod-ern North Carolina, an inclusive North Carolina, a North Carolina as a leader, leading on the integration of schools. I think what I remember most about Dick were those experiences I had in his office. It was easy for me to get to. Oftentimes, I would go there on a Mon-day before I would go to the airport to come here. Every Monday for about 30 years, he had lunch for all of his employees, and he would be there. He would serve them lunch, and they would spend time to-gether. I had the opportunity to do that on a few occasions. There were a couple of special times, after, we met in the conference room, and he would coach me on how I should present my-self or on issues that were important for education and any number of things. He was truly a mentor. He said: Would you like to see my shop? This office out on Morehead Street is an unassuming office, just as humble as the off-the-rack suits this man wore all of his life or the old beat-up station wagon he would drive to the office. This was an amazing experience. You go into this office in the back, and it is nothing but a workshop. He loved fab-ricating metals, fixing the clockworks on grandfather clocks. He loved cre-ating tools to teach kids how to learn. In fact, he gave me a homework assign-ment, which was basically a pyramid of ping-pong balls, and I had to use geom-etry to figure out the dimensions of the pyramid. He was always trying to get people to learn and get people to en-gage. He engaged politically all of his life. Senator B
URRsaid that you knew what was on his mind. If you were doing something in the legislature that was at odds with what he thought was in the best interest of the university sys-tem, I guarantee you, you were going to spend quality time with Dick Spangler, and you were more than like-ly going to embrace his opinion or his position because, in reality, he always made the university system better. There is one quote I want to read. I think this was during an inaugural ad-dress. This is classic Dick Spangler: ‘‘Some unpopular ideas, of course, don’t deserve to be popular, ever, but they deserve to be aired.’’ He believed universities were a place where all ideas should be considered, not because they have merit but be-cause someone has a deeply held belief and should hear about them, and you should have discourse. That is some-thing we can continue to learn from to this day. I join Senator BURR and offer my condolences to Meredith, Anna and her husband Tom, and their other daugh-ter, Abigail. He has left a great impres-sion. His earthly presence is no longer here, but his legacy and impact in North Carolina will live for decades to come. He has a daughter who has clearly been raised right because Anna serves on the board of governors, has served on the board of governors in the uni-versity system. She is actively in-volved in education pursuits in North Carolina. Dick Spangler is still living among us, and his works will continue under his family’s leadership and their belief in North Carolina. Thank you for the opportunity to speak today. To Meredith, to Anna, Abigail, and Tom, our thoughts and prayers are with you. Thank you for blessing us and having some time to share with Dick Spangler. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I want to visit with my colleagues for the same reason Senator D
URBIN , about 15 minutes ago, spoke to my colleagues about the high price of pharmaceutical drugs and maybe at least one little thing we can do to help moderate that price or at least inform the public, ac-cordingly, in a better way than we have so far. Every American within earshot of a television has heard ads for prescrip-tion drugs. Almost every night, as I watch television, I see something along that line. These ads promise patient re-lief from nearly every medical prob-lem, and informing the public is impor-tant for us to do in many areas. The pharmaceutical companies want you to know that their drug is on the market to help you. They want you to talk to your doctor about the newest drugs. As many of my colleagues know, I am an outspoken supporter for trans-parency. I hope it is one of my at-tributes I bring to the U.S. Senate. From the Physician Payments Sun-shine Act to whistleblower protections, I am a strong believer that trans-parency keeps citizens informed, and, for sure, transparency in government brings accountability from those of us in government. Senator D
URBIN and I have amend-ments to the current funding bill which would shine transparency light on pre-scription drug prices. These amend-ments would allow patients and their doctors to make informed decisions. Drug advertisers want to tell con-sumers all the benefits of the drugs. At the same time, drug advertisers are re-quired to tell you about the side ef-fects. In fact, half of an ad has some-thing about side effects. That is usu-ally in the small print and when some-body is babbling something very rap-idly about the side effects, but they aren’t as gung-ho to show how much that particular drug would cost. I be-lieve it is something the public would like to be well-informed on when they are considering the advertisement and the purposes of the drug. Six billion dollars is what pharma-ceutical companies spent on direct-to- consumer advertising last year. Why would they spend that amount of money on TV commercials? Because it works. By bypassing the trusted physi-cian and the ability of patients to de-cide for themselves, TV ads increase prescription drug utilization and, with it, drug spending. This increases drug costs to patients and taxpayers. In one case, a single drug in Medicaid costs the taxpayers an additional $207 mil-lion just because of ads. The President’s blueprint to lower drug costs includes a provision for FDA to require the inclusion of the list price in these drugs. Senator DURBIN and I agree on that. I hope, since it is in the President’s blueprint as one step to bring the high cost of drugs, it would be easy to get bipartisan support for the Grassley-Durbin amendment. This is a very simple, commonsense step to get drug prices down for consumers. I have to confess to you, it is not the only answer, but it is a concrete first step. If you want to know other steps to get drug prices down, I would point out enacting the CREATES legislation, introduced by Senators L
EAHY , LEE, K
LOBUCHAR , and this Senator; or we could enact Pay for Delay, introduced by Senator K
LOBUCHAR and this Sen-ator; or Commissioner Gottlieb of FDA could come up with a plan for the im-portation of safe prescription drugs from Canada and other trusted coun-tries. Consumers today are promised the Sun, the Moon, and the stars if they will simply get a prescription filled. Senator D
URBIN and I want to improve transparency and prescription drug ad-vertising so consumers can decide for themselves. Our amendments would simply clarify that the Secretary of HHS has the authority to require drug companies to report the list price on advertisements. I had a telephone conversation this morning with that Secretary of HHS, at his instigation, and he suggested that this would be very helpful, not only for him to accomplish the goals he wants to but to carry out the Presi-dent’s blueprint. One of several steps in that blueprint is to get the price of pharmaceuticals down for the con-sumer. Consumers know the price of every other item they purchase before they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.026 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5409 July 26, 2018 
make their decision. Just think what a benefit it was to the consumers of this country when, maybe four decades ago, the Congress decided that we ought to have on the windows of a car what the cost of that car was so everybody had to play by the same rules of the game. This is a very simple free-market prin-ciple. I urge all of my colleagues to support this effort that will lower drug prices for all Americans. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Madam President, I rise again to read letters from West Virginians about the concerns and fears they have over the ongoing law-suit being led by 20 U.S. attorneys gen-eral, including West Virginia’s own at-torney general, that threatens to once again allow insurance companies to deny coverage to West Virginians with preexisting conditions. In my State, 800,000 West Virginians, including 90,600 children, have a pre-existing condition. Let me go over some of the things that qualify as a preexisting condition and insurance companies can rate you on: organ transplant, anxiety, cancer, heart dis-ease, Alzheimer’s disease, Crohn’s dis-ease, Parkinson’s disease, cystic fibro-sis, pneumonia, epilepsy, anemia, de-pression, lupus, obsessive compulsive disorder, pregnancy, anorexia, diabe-tes, kidney disease, sleep apnea, obe-sity, bipolar disease, multiple sclerosis, cerebral palsy, stroke, bulimia, asth-ma, and tuberculosis. I have always said that our Nation’s current healthcare system is in need of repair, but every West Virginian de-serves access to quality, affordable healthcare, and I am very concerned that our country is at risk of moving backward instead of forward. When people ask why I voted against repealing the healthcare law, I always say that it is because we need to make sure that those with preexisting condi-tions don’t go bankrupt paying for basic healthcare. What is happening today is an unfor-tunate political move. The only reason this lawsuit is moving forward is be-cause they have failed to repeal the law through this process here in the Sen-ate. Congress has voted more than 50 times to repeal, and it has not passed. So what you are telling us loud and clear is to fix it, repair it. It can be fixed and made better for everybody. What makes this worse is that we do have this bipartisan compromise led by Senator L
AMAR ALEXANDER , a Repub-lican from Tennessee, and Senator P
ATTY MURRAY , a Democrat from the State of Washington, with 12 Repub-licans and 12 Democrats. I am proud to say that I am one them. This bill includes important steps that will help to reduce healthcare costs for West Virginia families, and this agreement shows what is possible when we put people before politics. Shame on us for not voting on that. This is impacting real people. Last week I asked West Virginians to share their stories with me, and my office has been flooded with stories. I am going to share just a few of these sto-ries with you today. This is Whitney from Morgantown, WV: Dear Senator Manchin, Please protect our pre-existing conditions. In August 2016, my then 15 year old child suffered a stroke as a result of a brain AVM. He had to have emergency brain surgery which left him in a medically induced coma for several months. When he woke up, he was unable to walk or talk. He had to have continuous medical care including expensive MRI’s and angiograms. This doesn’t include his multiple therapies. If we did not have insurance coverage I do not know what we would do. I cannot afford all these medical bills with-out the help of insurance. Due to the exten-sive medical needs I know if his pre-existing condition is not protected he will eventually lose benefits. I beg you to stand up for my child and all those who deserve a right to ongoing medical care. Please feel free to contact [me] with any questions or follow up [concerning our needs]. 
This is William from Martinsburg, WV: 
Dear Senator Manchin, It was imperative that insurance compa-nies are not allowed to screen members for pre-existing conditions. I am a 20+year Type 2 Diabetic. I am cur-rently taking five medications for my diabe-tes. If I did not have coverage I would be paying over $1000 a month, OUT OF POCK-ET, for just my diabetes meds. If insurance companies are allowed to start screening for and disallowing pre-existing conditions I would not be able to afford my medications and my diabetes would not be controlled which could possibly lead to loss of limbs, loss of vision and I could die. How much would I cost the government if I was disabled? How much would I cost an in-surance company then if I had to have feet, arms, and legs amputated because of my con-dition? Bottom line, I cost my insurance company a lot less money when they help me to keep my diabetes under control. Thank you for taking a stand for those of us with pre-existing conditions. 
The final letter is from Kevin from Hinton: 
Dear Senator Manchin, I have lived with Crohn’s Disease, a severe chronic illness of the immune system that attacks the digestive system. The condition is painful and treatments are expensive. Like many West Virginians, I have dealt with insurance gaps and few jobs with good pay and benefits. Though many Americans struggle with the expenses of healthcare, we remember the un-fair practices before ACA [the Affordable Care Act] was passed and improved the healthcare system by ridding us of pre-exist-ing conditions clauses, which allowed insur-ance companies to overcharge sick people for care or block them completely from getting coverage. Please work for us to make sure that the steps taken in the ACA are improved upon instead of allowing such beneficial measures to be cut. 
Those are just a few of the letters I have received, and I know we all have these preexisting conditions with peo-ple that are scared to death all over our country. I hope that we can come together for the sake of America and maybe get off of this political roller coaster where we are blaming everybody and trying to find out who we can blame, especially when we can fix it. What I am asking for is for all of us to work together as Americans, to for-get whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, and to just help the people you represent. These diseases don’t have a home. They are not just because of a Demo-crat or a Republican. That is who they attack. They attack all of us. So this needs, basically, the help and the cure from all of us also. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SASSE). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, in my home State of Florida, we have a rich history in manufacturing hand-rolled premium cigars. For those who aren’t familiar with them, a hand-rolled pre-mium cigar is not the same thing as a cigarette. Number one, premium cigars are an expense product, and they are con-sumed very differently from a cigarette or some other tobacco product. I would say that they are more like wine than they would be like a cigarette, for sure. The interesting thing about the cigar industry and its history—not just in Florida but in this country—is that, al-most exclusively, the manufacturers of premium hand-rolled cigars are small family-run businesses. By the way, so too are the retailers that sell them. This is not the kind of thing you go and buy at 7–Eleven. There are stores that specialize in the sale of premium cigars. They cater to a clientele that can afford to buy these things. They are significantly older than someone who would walk into a convenience store and buy a pack of cigarettes from behind the counter. The companies that are involved in this endeavor are not the big compa-nies that we see involved, generally, in the tobacco industry. They are family- owned business, both at the retail level and also at the manufacturing level. In addition to all of this, they rep-resent a rich part of the cultural his-tory of the Cuban community in Flor-ida. Ybor City in Tampa is an example of it. It was an area that was settled over 100 years ago by Cubans that came to Tampa to start a very vibrant hand- rolling cigar industry. Again, these are hand-rolled premium cigars. These are people literally sitting down and roll-ing the leaves, and these are high-end products. This industry is on the verge of ex-tinction, and I will tell you why. In 2016, the previous administration final-ized a rule based on a 2009 law, and, by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.027 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5410 July 26, 2018 
the way, its intended target was not premium cigars. They meant to go after tobacco products that we mass marketed and mass produced. This 2009 law was interpreted in a way in the rule that would require pre-mium cigars to regulate the manufac-ture, the import, the packaging, the la-beling, the advertisement, the pro-motion, the sale, and the distribution of their products. With each new prod-uct, they would have to do it over again. From year to year, the premium cigar industry may change the blend inside the hand-rolled cigar. They come in boxes of 8 or 12, and every time that one of these things is changed, you would have to redo the labels, redo the packaging, and everything would have to be completely redone, which is simply cost prohibitive because these blends change constantly, especially as you bring new markets. I have offered an amendment to the minibus that is before us that would exempt premium hand-rolled cigars from the FDA regulations, not just so that the industry can survive but so that it can thrive and also to free up the FDA to go after what it is intended to go after—what everybody thought this was about—which is common to-bacco products, like cigarettes and some of the others things that we are aware of. Now, anytime you talk about this, it gets a little tricky because people talk about tobacco use causing cancer. I am as sensitive to that as everyone. My fa-ther was a lifelong smoker. He lost his life in his early eighties because of cig-arette smoking. I think we need to do everything we can to discourage people from smoking and consuming tobacco, especially cigarettes that are consumed in mass quantity and are cheap to buy in large quantities. I would note that it is already illegal to sell tobacco products to anyone who is under the age of 18. I would also tell you that beyond that, the numbers have continued to decline in tobacco use. So we know that the laws that are in place and the programs have worked, but one of the things that we have focused on is that tobacco is a legal product and small manufacturers of premium cigars are being harmed by this, but the regula-tions were not intended for them. The regulations were designed to target cigarettes. They were designed for fla-vored fat cigarettes and other com-monly used tobacco products, the kinds that could potentially be marketed to young people and that are not like a premium cigar—at $5, $8, $10 for each one, or $80, $90 a box—but the sort of flavored fat cigarettes and all the new stuff that is coming out that you can buy from behind the counter. They are very cheap to buy, and they are mass manufactured. That is what the rule was about. It was never intended to apply to premium cigars, but the way it is written and the way the rule is in-terpreted, that is what it is now doing. It is putting the same requirement on a completely different product, and it is a requirement they simply can’t meet. The irony is that all of the things that are targeted under this new rule are going to survive. They are still going to be around. They may be a lit-tle bit more expensive, a little harder to bring to market, but they are still going to survive. All the mass-produced tobacco products will survive and con-tinue to be more accessible to young people. They will be able to stay in business, but the premium cigar manu-facturers are going to get wiped out. One more irony in all this: It is still illegal to mass-import Cuban cigars, but you can bring them in in individual quantities. Those are not impacted by these regulations at all—none whatso-ever. Think about that for a moment. A product made in another country doesn’t have to meet the same guide-lines but has all the same attributes. I talked a moment ago about Tampa and in particular Ybor City, and today in Ybor City, after all this time, there is only one factory left, a company called J.C. Newman. It is within Ybor City, and it is known as Cigar City. They have been making premium ci-gars—not cigarettes, not flavored ciga-rettes, not JUULs so people can vape; I am talking about premium, expensive, hand-rolled cigars. They have been making them since 1895, and that is all going to come to an end in the near fu-ture if this rule goes through. They are a profitable company. They sell about $10 million worth of products annually. That sounds like a lot of money, but it is nothing compared to mass-produced products. It is going to cost them three times that amount just to comply with the FDA regulations—three times as much—upwards of $30 million to com-ply with this rule, the way this rule has been interpreted. The sad part about it is that every-one knows this. You go to the FDA, and they say: Look, we get it. The law wasn’t supposed to go after these guys. But that is the way it is written, and that is how we are going to have to apply it. It was never meant to be about them. Everyone admits it. Yet that is the way it is going to be, and that is going put not just J.C. Newman but also other companies out of business. The retailers, the specialty cigar stores, those that sell premium cigars that are contained in a humidor—that is going to put them out of business very soon, all because of a stupid regulation that was written as a result of a law that was not properly drafted and was inter-preted inappropriately. The Federal Government is going to put these guys out of business. The irony is that the people they were try-ing to impact with the regulation are going to survive and remain in business and be as accessible as ever, and the people no one meant to harm are going to get wiped out. This is the epitome of government overreach and abuse. Regardless of whether the business is 10 years or 100 years old, this industry represents the livelihood of hundreds of American families. There are people who work in those factories. There are people who own those retail stores. They are going to be out of work, not because the market shifted, not be-cause Americans no longer want to smoke premium cigars, they are going to be out of business because no one can stay in business if the cost to fol-low the law is three times as much as what you make. You can’t do it. This is a legal product made by hard- working Americans who have been doing this for a very long time. They are not the intended target of this rule. It is unjust for these small businesses to be singled out. It is unjust, unfair, and it is wrong. The worst part about this rule is that it is written retroactively. So not only will they have to start complying mov-ing forward—because you could argue, well, just change your blend in the fu-ture—it goes all the way back to 2007. They are going to have to go back and relabel and repackage everything they have been making for the last 11 years. That explains a little bit about the $30 million cost for just this one business. By the way, they have broken no laws. Yet they have been singled out, and this threatens their livelihood. This is a bipartisan, bicameral issue. A number of Members in the Senate from across the aisle agree with this. I have been working with Senator N
EL-
SONon this for a long time. This is not a partisan issue, not a Big Tobacco issue; this is a premium cigar issue. These are consumed differently than cigarettes by different groups of people in different ways. You don’t smoke 10 cigars a day. We just know this. It is common sense. But this is what is going to happen. We are going to wipe these guys out because of a govern-ment rule and the way it was inter-preted even though it was never meant to be about them. We have an amendment. We have a law that fixes all this. I am not going to offer it on this bill because it is al-ready part of the House package that lines up with the appropriations bills that are before us, but I wanted to point this out because I know that peo-ple in Ybor City and people around the country who care about this issue are watching, and I want them to know that when this issue gets conferenced with the House, we are going to be fighting for this. This needs to get fixed. This is the last chance. That is the other point. This rule is about to kick in. The comment period is about to end, and the rule is going to kick in. This is our last chance. If we don’t get it right here when we work this out, this is going to happen. You are going to be reading about it. Maybe it doesn’t matter in some places. It matters a lot to Florida, and it matters a lot to this company in Ybor City in Tampa. It matters a lot to hundreds of thousands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.029 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5411 July 26, 2018 
of people across the country who work in the retail shops that sell them and who work in the places hand-rolling and making them. This is wrong, and we should do ev-erything we can to stop it from hap-pening. I hope we will deal with this issue in conference. I am glad it is in the House version. I wish we could get it in the Senate version. We are going to fight to include it in the final version. We are not going to watch as J.C. Newman and small businesses like it are put out of business by a rule that was never supposed to apply to them. Mr. President, I yield the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 1006. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). The cloture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the mo-tion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Cindy Hyde-Smith, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, John Boozman, Ron Johnson, John Barrasso, Steve Daines, John Cor-nyn, Johnny Isakson, John Thune, James E. Risch, Richard Burr, Lindsey Graham, Thom Tillis, Roy Blunt. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, FINAN-CIAL SERVICES, AND GENERAL GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019—Continued CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for Senate amendment No. 3399. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 3399 to H.R. 6147, an act making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Johnny Isakson, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, Bob Corker, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, Mike Crapo, David Perdue, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, James M. Inhofe, Roy Blunt, Jerry Moran. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for H.R. 6147. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the H.R. 6147, an act making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Johnny Isakson, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, Bob Corker, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, James M. Inhofe, Roy Blunt, Jerry Moran. f 
THE AMERICAN LEGION 100TH AN-NIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand that the Senate has re-ceived a message from the House to ac-company S. 1182. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator is correct. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask that the Chair lay before the Sen-ate the message to accompany S. 1182. The Presiding Officer laid before the Senate the following message from the House of Representatives: 
Resolved, That the bill from the Senate (S. 1182) entitled ‘‘An Act to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint commemora-tive coins in recognition of the 100th anni-versary of The American Legion.’’, do pass with amendments. MOTION TO CONCUR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to concur in the House amend-ments to S. 1182. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. President, I send a cloture mo-tion to the desk on the motion to con-cur. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to concur in the House amendments to S. 1182, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, John Cor-nyn, John Kennedy, Bill Cassidy, Marco Rubio, Jerry Moran, Cindy Hyde-Smith, Pat Roberts, John Thune, Lisa Murkowski, Chuck Grassley, Johnny Isakson, Mike Rounds, John Hoeven, Richard Burr, Richard C. Shelby. 
MOTION TO CONCUR WITH AMENDMENT NO . 3628 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to concur in the House amendment to the text of S. 1182, with a further amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to concur in the House amend-ment to S. 1182, with an amendment num-bered 3628. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion to concur with amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3629 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3628 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 3629 to amendment No. 3628. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.030 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5412 July 26, 2018 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
MOTION TO REFER WITH AMENDMENT NO . 3630 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to refer the House message on S. 1182 to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs with in-structions to report back forthwith. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to refer the House message on S. 1182 to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs to report back forth-with with instructions, being amendment numbered 3630. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This act shall be effective 3 days after en-actment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3631 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have an amendment to the instruc-tions. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 3631 to the instructions of the motion to refer S. 1182 to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas and nays on my amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3632 TO AMENDMENT NO . 3631 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a second-degree amendment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-lows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 3632 to amendment No. 3631. 
The amendment is as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—CONFERENCE REPORT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask the Chair to lay before the Senate the conference report to accompany H.R. 5515. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair lays before the Senate the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5515, which will be stated by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: The committee of conference on the dis-agreeing votes on the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5515), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, having met, have agreed that the House recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment and the Senate agree to the same, signed by a majority of the conferees on the part of both Houses. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the conference report. (The conference report is printed in the House proceedings of the R
ECORD of July 25, 2018.) 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for the conference report. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 5515, an act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. James M. Inhofe, Thom Tillis, Johnny Isakson, Orrin G. Hatch, John Hoeven, Bob Corker, James Lankford, Lindsey Graham, David Perdue, Mike Crapo, Mike Rounds, Steve Daines, Roger F. Wicker, John Boozman, Roy Blunt, John Thune, Mitch McConnell. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF BUSINESS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, the next vote will be at 5:30 p.m. on Mon-day on cloture on the Grant nomina-tion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. 
A FREE PRESS  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the importance of a free press and its role since the founding of our Nation in protecting the civil rights and civil liberties of all Americans. I was on the Senate floor on July 12 talking about a recent tragedy—a mass shooting at the Annapolis-based Cap-ital Gazette. A man who had a long-standing grudge against the newspaper for accurately reporting news about him shot his way into the newsroom and killed five good people. These five men and women died doing their jobs— reporting the news and supporting a publication that is an important part of their community. One victim in particular, Wendi Win-ters, fought back and worked to dis-tract the gunman in such a way that those who bore witness to her bravery described her actions in this way: Wendi died protecting her friends, but also in defense of her newsroom from a mur-derous assault. Wendi died protecting the freedom of the press. 
Wendi died protecting the freedom of the press. We think of violence against report-ers as something that happens in other countries, in war zones and the like, but not here in the United States of America. All around the world, report-ers work to gather facts, ask questions, and report the news in the spirit of the free, open, and transparent societies and governments that all people de-serve. Too often, reporters are har-assed, jailed, and even killed simply be-cause of the nature of their work, which often exposes cronyism and cor-ruption. From this floor, I have stood in soli-darity with the Reuter’s reporters who were detained in Burma for shining a light on the horrific abuses that oc-curred in the Rakhine State. I have stood in solidarity with the Ethiopian journalists and bloggers who are routinely arrested for criticizing the Ethiopian Government and expos-ing human rights abuses in that coun-try. I have talked frequently about China—a country that engages in rou-tine censorship and online blocking, harassment, reprisals, detention of journalists, and visa delays or denials for journalists. According to the Committee to Pro-tect Journalists—an independent, non-profit organization that promotes press freedom worldwide—more than 600 journalists and media workers have been killed in the last 10 years while doing their jobs. Of the member states of the Organi-zation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, Russia remains the deadliest country for journalists. Investigative journalist Maksim Borodin, who died in April, was the latest Russian re-porter to be silenced by death. Turkey is the largest jailer of jour-nalists in the world, and scores of media outlets have been closed since the attempted coup there. The heavy-handed measures used against media freedom in Turkey both before and dur-ing recent elections illustrate the lengths to which the government went to control the information available to voters. They also serve as a reminder of the essential role of a pluralistic media for free and fair elections. In May, a Helsinki Commission brief-ing on the murder of investigative journalists examined the unsolved murders of Daphne Caruana Galizia and Jan Kuciak. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.050 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5413 July 26, 2018 
Daphne Caruana Galizia was a Mal-tese journalist known for her inves-tigations into international organized crime and its connection to the Gov-ernment of Malta. She relentlessly probed Maltese citizenship sales, re-vealed money laundering, and exposed sanctions evasion. At the Commission’s briefing, her son, Matthew, described the years of harassment, intimidation, and threats she faced by those who sought to silence her. ‘‘Growing up,’’ he said, ‘‘I thought these things were normal.’’ She was murdered on March 16, 2017, by a bomb planted under the seat of her rental car. Jan Kuciak investigated financial crimes, organized crime, and high-level corruption in Slovakia. He was exe-cuted by gunshot in his home on Feb-ruary 25, 2018, along with his fiancee. On May 6, some 3,000 people attended a holy mass in the small village where the two 27-year-olds would have wed. I am troubled that at a time when media freedom in Slovakia is already under a spotlight, a Slovak judge is suing journalist Peter Getting for writ-ing about Communist-era judges who handed down sentences against people for attempting to emigrate. The crimes of communism should be reported, taught, and remembered. Somewhat ironically, a law reminiscent of the Communist past is being used to thwart scrutiny of the crimes of that very era. Unfortunately, Slovakia is not the only country where defamation or in-sult laws are used to limit free speech. In addition to laws that criminalize libel and make insulting the President or other officials an offense, Belarus criminalizes providing media services without accreditation and has recently moved to limit access to the media on the internet. Here at home, Donald Trump, as a candidate and as President, has mused about taking ‘‘a strong look’’ at our Nation’s libel laws, calling them ‘‘a sham and a disgrace.’’ Jason Rezaian, a reporter for the Washington Post who was falsely im-prisoned in Iran for doing his job as a journalist, had this to say recently. He was talking about the attack I ref-erenced earlier in Annapolis. 
Mostly I’ve covered attacks on the media taking place on the other side of the world, usually in countries where the flow of infor-mation is restricted, or conditions are such that a sense of desperation or political or tribal affiliation can compel individuals to take heinous action. . . . Writing about a deadly attack that happened less than 30 miles away, in an idyllic town that I re-cently visited with relatives from overseas, is a new experience for me. And I have to say I don’t relish the task. 
We Americans have certain rights and responsibilities granted to us through the Constitution, which estab-lished the rule of law in this country. Freedom of the press is one of those most basic rights, and it is central to the First Amendment of the Constitu-tion. ‘‘Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.’’ This precious freedom has often been under attack, figuratively speaking, since our Nation’s founding. Today, attacks on the American media have become more frequent and more literal, spurred on by dangerous rhetoric that has created an open sea-son on harassing the media for doing its job—asking questions that need to be asked, investigating the stories that need to be uncovered, and bringing needed transparency to the halls of power, whether they are in Annapolis, Washington, DC, or elsewhere. Then-candidate and now-President Donald Trump’s rhetoric—calling the media ‘‘a stain on America’’ and ‘‘the enemy of the people’’—certainly has caused damage. On July 13, while Donald Trump was in the United Kingdom, he continued his assault on the media, brushing off a reporter from CNN by saying ‘‘CNN is fake news.’’ This was underscored yesterday by a question being asked by a White House press corps pool reporter at his meet-ing with the European Commission President. That reporter asked a ques-tion the President didn’t like. Because the President didn’t like the question being asked by CNN’s Kaitlin Collins in her role as a reporter, she was told that she will be banned from the next event that is open to the press or otherwise open to all credentialed media. Then, Tuesday, at the Veterans of Foreign Affairs, the President said to the audience there to not believe what they see and hear. The President of the United States told a crowd of veterans: Stick with us. Don’t believe the crap you see from these people, the fake news. What you are seeing and what you are reading is not happening. That is the President of the United States saying those comments—again, demeaning the press and the impor-tance of our free press. Why is the President doing this? Earlier this year, CBS ‘‘60 Minutes’’ correspondent Les-ley Stahl, an icon in the news business, shared comments from Donald Trump from an interview she did with him soon after his 2016 election win. Stahl recalled that she said to Trump about his attacks on the media: ‘‘Why are you doing this? You are doing it over and over. It’s boring and it’s time to end that.’’ The candidate’s response was straightforward and shocking. He said: ‘‘You know why I do it? I do it to dis-credit you all and demean you all so when you write negative stories about me, no one will believe you.’’ Let that sink in for a moment. A man who was about to assume the posi-tion of President of the United States explicitly acknowledged that he was purposely working to diminish the in-tegrity of the free press. After the Capital Gazette shooting, Donald Trump said that ‘‘journalists, like all Americans, should be free from the fear of being violently attacked while doing their job.’’ But how do we interpret his sincerity when more fre-quently he is calling the media ‘‘fake news’’ or ‘‘totally unhinged’’ and tell-ing the American people and the world that reporters are ‘‘truly bad people’’? Donald Trump’s constant, dismal re-frain needs to end. He needs to accept that one of the press’s most important roles is to speak truth to power—espe-cially his. There is a reason why the leading newspaper in Helsinki bought 300 ads that said: ‘‘Mr. President, Welcome to the land of free press.’’ The message is clear. They put that ad up to let Mr. Trump and Mr. Putin understand that one of the basic tenets of a democratic society is to embrace and respect the freedom of the press. In Russia, Putin routinely jails polit-ical opponents and journalists. Here at home, we are left to wonder whether Donald Trump is more inclined to agree with Mr. Putin’s view of the press than that of Thomas Jefferson, who famously said: ‘‘Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.’’ Jason Rezaian wrote in the Wash-ington Post that Donald Trump ‘‘didn’t create the problem of hostility to jour-nalists, but he exploits it and exacer-bates it. That’s true, too, of the leaders in other countries who routinely call reporters enemies of the state, terror-ists and national security threats. And we must be vigilant in standing up to these empty accusations.’’ After the tragedy at the Capital Ga-zette, Annapolis and most of the coun-try rallied in support of the survivors of the mass shooting. They received tremendous outpourings of support, in-cluding by this body, and I know it was heartfelt. Yet the paper has reported that it has received new death threats and emails celebrating the attack. This is sick, and it is dangerous. It shouldn’t happen in Annapolis, it shouldn’t happen in America, and it shouldn’t happen anywhere else in the world. Journalists, like all Americans, should be free from the fear of being violently attacked while doing their jobs, both figuratively and literally. The right of journalists to report the news is nothing less than the right of all of us to know. Media freedom and media pluralism are essential for the expression of or ensuring respect for other fundamental freedoms and safe-guarding democracy, the rule of law, and a system of checks and balances. Every one of us in this body, Demo-crats and Republicans, has sworn an oath to support and defend the Con-stitution of the United States of Amer-ica. As leaders of this great Nation, we have a responsibility to defend the rights of our citizens, including the freedom of the press. It is enshrined in our Constitution: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.049 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5414 July 26, 2018 
free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.’’ Just before the July 4 recess, I had the opportunity to discuss the state of media pluralism and the safety of jour-nalists with the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media, Harlem Desir. The Representative plays a key role in calling out threats to and at-tacks on journalists, including murders and violent attacks. He also assists OSCE participating states in fulfilling their commitments by providing them with expert opinions on media regula-tion and legislation. Unfortunately, Mr. Desir has his work cut out for him. In the aftermath of the tragic mur-ders at the Capital Gazette head-quarters in Annapolis, Mr. Desir sent his condolences and words of support. That mass shooting and the other in-cidents I have just mentioned are all stark reminders of the incredible work journalists do every day in big cities and small towns around the world, re-porting on all of the things that are important in our lives—and the dan-gers they face doing it. I appreciated the sentiment from the OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media. I am grateful to the other journalists at the Capital Gazette for carrying on their important mission even in the face of this tragic adver-sity. And I am grateful for journalists everywhere for their dogged pursuit of the truth. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, the National Flood Insurance Program is in trouble, and everyone in this building knows it. Everyone in Washington knows it. It is fiscally unsustainable because it is by its nature structurally unsound. Yet here we are again, for the seventh straight time in just 6 years, consid-ering a so-called ‘‘straight’’ reauthor-ization. ‘‘Straight’’—yes, that is the word that Washington uses. That is the word that Washington uses when Re-publicans and Democrats, after burning the midday oil for 2
1⁄2days a week for a few months, decide together that a dysfunctional program, $20 billion in debt, is, in fact, perfect. So we are planning to rubberstamp a continu-ation of its dysfunctional status quo. Swamp talk aside here, this is the op-posite of ‘‘straight.’’ This is the defini-tion of ‘‘crooked’’ and ‘‘swampy.’’ Here are the facts. The National Flood Insurance Program creates a government monopoly that insures some of the most expensive real estate in the entire world. We are talking about homes and homeowners that the private sector would be falling all over itself to insure if given the opportunity to do so. The incentives are there for flood insurance to be a vast, profitable industry, one that creates jobs and op-portunity for thousands of Americans. But, no, in our unearned but infinite confidence, Congress has assured the American people: We got this. We got this. We, as in Washington. Except the problem is, we don’t. Congress’s answer to private insur-ance is $20 billion in more debt, just a few months after receiving a $16 billion taxpayer bailout. Why is NFIP losing money faster than Congress can spend it? Well, be-cause the program doesn’t charge pol-icyholders market rates for insurance. It offers them a special, below-market rate despite the fact that we know floodplains are dangerous. That is why we call them floodplains and not puppy dog and ice cream plains. We also know for a fact that the subsidized premiums will lead inevitably to shortfalls, debt, and taxpayer bailouts. Here, one might recall the old quip: ‘‘Insanity involves doing the same thing over and over and hoping for dif-ferent results.’’ But Congress isn’t in-sane. We know exactly what we are doing and why. Recall the last time NFIP was reformed. It was about 6 years ago in its 2012 reauthorization. That bill, for the first time in a long time, reined in some of the program’s worst distortions. For reformers on the left and right, it was a sign of hope. The problem was, the reforms worked. NFIP and its artificially low premiums actually started to climb toward re-ality-based levels, market-based levels. We of course couldn’t have that, so in 2014, Congress stepped in and repealed many of those same reforms that were working—reforms that were put in place in 2012. That is the broken status quo we are being asked to perpetuate today. If this bill were any more seri-ous, it would be written in crayon. The question is, why? If the Flood Insurance Program is so obviously and terribly flawed, why is it so resistant to reform? Why are we so resistant to reforming it? The answer is that, like most inexplicably durable programs, this is a program that quiet-ly serves the interests of the well-to-do at the expense of working and middle- class American families. Proponents of the program would have us believe that the NFIP is essen-tially there to protect innocent victims who just happen to live in low-lying communities and they can’t afford flood insurance. But this argument is absurd. First of all, if homeowners can’t af-ford to insure their homes, then in re-ality they can’t afford those very same homes. Second, many of the areas Wash-ington calls flood plains are really just property near water. Residences there are expensive for lots of reasons, but as anyone who knows anything about real estate can tell you, the biggest reason is location, location, location. These homes are expensive because lots of people want to live there, among them wealthy people who bid up the price. ‘‘Wealthy people’’ is another way of saying people who can afford high-risk insurance premiums without taxpayer subsidies covered by Washington, DC, over and over and over again. In fairness, other flood plains are not necessarily home to multimillion-dol-lar beach houses, but simply normal neighborhoods in low-lying locales. But in either case, the potential for flood-ing makes living in these areas more dangerous and more expensive. So in both cases, it is unfair to ask taxpayers to make expensive, dangerous homes— 25 percent of which are vacation homes—artificially more affordable. It is unfair, and it is unsustainable for hard-working, poor, and middle-class American families. The failure of the Flood Insurance Program is not an economic theory; it is not a matter of ideological specula-tion. It is, in fact, a fact. No amount of money will change that. The problem with NFIP, as with almost all wasteful Federal programs, is not the pricetag itself but the underlying policy. It doesn’t work as currently structured because it can’t. Yet, despite decades of failure and folly, NFIP remains un-changed as nothing more or less than a subsidy for people to live in places we know are probably going to get flooded. It is tempting to call this a recipe for losing money. But as we know, Federal programs never actually lose money. Whether it is waste, fraud, or abuse, someone somewhere pockets that money, and in the case of the NFIP, as with so many other government pro-grams, the winners are—well, see for yourself. According to the Congressional Budg-et Office, the median value of an NFIP- insured home is about twice that of the average American home. A 2015 study by the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth found ‘‘an inverse relation-ship between insurance premiums paid . . . and total property value.’’ In other words, ‘‘The greater the average prop-erty value, the lower the average pre-mium paid.’’ Likewise, a 2016 study from the Uni-versity of Michigan Law School found data ‘‘suggesting that zip codes with higher-valued homes receive higher per-policy subsidies.’’ We all know there are worthy and sympathetic beneficiaries of NFIP, as there are for every government pro-gram. But in the aggregate, in the big picture, the NFIP simply redistributes money from nonwealthy people to wealthy people, from less wealthy peo-ple to more wealthy people, and to be-lieve otherwise is to indulge in what might be called an actuarial science denial. This isn’t alchemy. This isn’t voodoo. Actuaries already know how much flood insurance should cost. Of course, they also know how much ObamaCare, Medicare, and Social Security are going to cost, and Congress is getting terrifyingly good at ignoring actu-aries—and actuarial science in general. But as with our entitlement programs, politicians just want to pretend that NFIP can magically charge less, spend more, and not leave future taxpayers holding the bag. It is long past time to set aside this farcical, magical type of thinking. Nei-ther former President Obama nor King 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.050 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5415 July 26, 2018 
Canute a thousand years ago nor the NFIP today has the power to stop the rise of the oceans. What we can do is prepare—through mitigation, through insurance, and through proven plat-forms of success. Senators H
ELLER and T ESTER have a bill that would allow private insurers to compete with NFIP. I whole-heartedly support their bill and can cite Utah’s successful embrace of pri-vate flood insurance as strong evidence in favor of that approach. Senators C
RAPO and B ROWN have a bill that would improve flood mapping and in-sist on community preparation for flooding as a condition of eligibility for NFIP coverage. This is not too much for the American people to ask, either of their affluent, flood-prone neighbors or of their sworn representatives in Congress. Nor is the amendment I am offering. My amendment would leave the pro-gram—broken as it is—exactly the same, only for today’s purposes with one small change. It would cap eligi-bility for NFIP insurance at homes worth more than $2.5 million. For any-thing under that, fine, they can enjoy the cut-rate premiums. But the tax-payers should not pay any amount of coverage for the top 1 percent, who can afford a new $2.5 million beach home. All my amendment says is that people who can afford a multi million-dollar waterfront home should be able to af-ford to insure those homes on their own, without a government subsidy paid for by America’s poor and middle class. With the stock market near all-time highs, with a corporate tax cut driving up profits, I think it is eminently rea-sonable to ask multimillionaires to in-sure their beach houses without the welfare assistance of hard-working tax-payers who make a fraction of their in-come. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 3128 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that it be in order for the Com-mittee on Banking to be discharged from further consideration of S. 3128 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration; that the Lee amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? The Senator from Louisiana. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, re-serving the right to object, nobody— nobody in this Chamber has more re-spect for the junior Senator from Utah than I do. He is whip-smart, he is hon-est, he is a good guy, and we almost al-ways vote together. I have some prob-lems I would like to point out to the Chamber with respect to the Senator’s request for unanimous consent. No. 1, it is a fact that 98.5 percent of all of the homes insured by the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program are not owned by a bunch of rich people; 98.5 percent of those homes are located in counties with a median household income below $100,000; and 62 percent of those homes are located in counties with a median household income below $54,000, which is the national average. So I would respectfully disagree that the purpose and the effect of the NFIP are to help people with their expensive beach homes. No. 2, if we adopt the motion by my distinguished colleague, the NFIP is dead on Tuesday. Let me say that again. If we do what the distinguished Senator would like us to do, on Tues-day, the 31st, the NFIP expires. The reason is that, even if I agreed with what my colleague wanted to do, we do not have time to pass this bill, get it to the House, and get it to the President in time to keep the program from ex-piring on July 31—and, by the way, the House has recessed. No. 3, I agree with my colleague that this program needs to be reformed, and we all, including my distinguished col-league, have been working toward that end. We are not there yet, but we are working hard toward that end. I slightly disagree with the propo-sition that we reformed the program in 2010. I think the last time we really, truly reformed the National Flood In-surance Program was never, and it is about time that we do it now. The final point I would like to make is that the amendment my colleague is asking this house to adopt today is not just about vacation homes costing $2.5 million. I have looked at the bill, and by my reading—and the reading of peo-ple a lot smarter than I—this bill would apply to any structure, period, that costs more than $2.5 million. That structure would not be eligible to par-ticipate in the NFIP. It would prohibit assisted living centers, it would pro-hibit dormitories, it would prohibit ho-tels, it would prohibit apartment build-ings from insurance coverage under the National Flood Insurance Program. If you can’t get it from the private sec-tor—and, in many cases, you will not be able to; that is why we have the NFIP—you are on your own. It would mean we couldn’t have any more low- income housing. Low-income housing projects are required to have flood in-surance from HUD. We all know that. They would be barred from insurance coverage under this amendment. Residents of Louisiana, Texas, Flor-ida, and Puerto Rico also know that if one of their communities is not partici-pating in the NFIP, then Federal as-sistance can’t be used in any of those areas. Finally, this amendment would jeop-ardize the ability of communities to re-ceive community development block grants for disaster recovery. Let me say again, the junior Senator from Utah is absolutely correct: We need to reform this program. But we need to keep it alive. It is not going to do anybody any good to let this pro-gram expire on Tuesday and scare 5 million-plus Americans half to death. We don’t have to do that. There is an instrument coming to us from the House. It extends this pro-gram by 4 months. It passed the House overwhelmingly. The House vote was 366 to 52. I am strongly encouraging the majority leader to bring this extension. All it does is maintain status quo for 4 months to bring this extension to the floor. Let’s pass it, and let’s keep this program alive. With all the due respect I can mus-ter, I think the purpose of this amend-ment is to cause the NFIP to expire, and I just can’t live with that. I couldn’t sleep tonight if I did. For that reason, I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I stand with enormous respect for my friend, my distinguished colleague, the Senator from Louisiana. I stand also with enor-mous respect for the amount of care and diligence he puts into each legisla-tive effort that he addresses in this Chamber and in the committee on which we serve together. I wish to respond to a couple of points. My colleague is absolutely cor-rect. Most of the people—the over-whelming majority of people who get insurance under this program—are not wealthy. It is one of the reasons this is a limited-purpose amendment. This amendment would deal only with prop-erties, new properties, to be insured worth more than $2.5 million. The idea is, if you can build this structure, a home, or otherwise worth more than $2.5 million, there can and ought to be a way—there is a way for you to provide for the assurance in the event of a flood, for the addressing of whatever flood damage is done as a re-sult of that. Anyone who has the abil-ity to afford such a structure can ad-dress that structure without having to be subsidized by America’s poor- and middle-class families. Secondly, I would like to respond to the suggestion that the purpose of this amendment is somehow to kill the NFIP program. If that were the pur-pose of it, we wouldn’t even be having this discussion. We would simply be en-tertaining means by which to block their reauthorization of that program. Yes, the House of Representatives has adjourned just moments ago, but, yes, the House of Representatives has a pro forma session scheduled for tomorrow, and there are means by which the House of Representatives could and, I believe, would pass this amendment, this reauthorization, with the amend-ment intact. The House of Representatives has, in fact, in the very recent past, passed far more aggressive, far more significant reforms than this, and I believe they would do so in their pro forma session by their version of unanimous consent. This is not intended, nor would it have the effect of shutting down NFIP alto-gether. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.051 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5416 July 26, 2018 
Finally, let me say this. Ten months ago, when we were asked to give an-other so-called clean reauthorization of this program, we were promised—I was promised by many distinguished Mem-bers of this body there would be re-forms that we would put in place before the next reauthorization. It hasn’t hap-pened, and, in fact, we haven’t had sig-nificant reforms for 6 years. It is, in fact, time to reform the pro-gram, and, on that point, I am very pleased that my friend and distin-guished colleague from Louisiana and I agree on that point—reforms are need-ed. We can’t continue to kick the can in perpetuity. As St. Augustine is quoted as saying during his conversion to Christianity, ‘‘Lord grant me chastity, but not yet.’’ If we are always kicking the can, if we are always saying, yes, we need to be righteous; yes, we need do the right thing, but not yet, when will we ever get there? If not us, who? If not now, when? It saddens me that we can’t pass even this minor reform today. I yield the floor. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, with respect, I reassert my objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ob-jection is noted. The Senator from Hawaii. 
HEALTHCARE  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, last year, around this time, millions of Americans were mobilizing, marching, calling, and writing with a simple, straightforward demand. They de-manded the U.S. Senate stand up to Donald Trump and protect the nearly 30 million Americans who were at risk because the Republican Party was hell- bent on destroying the Affordable Care Act, the ACA. With a vote on repealing the Afford-able Care Act looming late in the evening, I came to the Senate floor that night intending to stand with the thousands of Hawaii residents who wrote or called my office with a sense of urgency to save their healthcare. I wasn’t scheduled to speak that evening. I had already spoken many times previously about the importance of healthcare. As the debate wore on, much of it focused on healthcare in the abstract. I felt compelled to talk about the immediacy of healthcare because of what I was experiencing. Two months earlier, I had been diag-nosed with kidney cancer during a rou-tine examination. It is a moment ev-eryone dreads, but it is also a moment nearly every family in this country has experienced at some point. Even as I reckoned with what came next—two surgeries and now ongoing immunotherapy—I knew I was fortu-nate. I had health insurance that al-lowed me to focus on my treatment rather than worrying about whether I could afford the care that would save my life. Every American deserves the same peace of mind because healthcare is a right, not a privilege just for those who can afford it. During my treatment, I was heartened by the kind words of support by my colleagues from both sides of the aisle. Many share stories about how cancer touched their lives. For some, it was a personal battle. For others, it was a child, a parent, or a spouse. I was touched by their compassion. It meant a lot to me to know so many people were pulling for me. I was dis-mayed that evening on the Senate floor because the empathy my colleagues showed me did not extend to the mil-lions of people who would lose their healthcare if the ACA was repealed that night. I rose that night and implored my Republican colleagues to show the same compassion to the American peo-ple that they showed me by voting against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. In a dramatic late-night vote, we joined together across party lines to save healthcare for millions of Ameri-cans, but the fight was not over. There was the hope that we could come to-gether to improve our Nation’s healthcare system. We got off to a good start, with Sen-ators MURRAY and A LEXANDER ’Sgood- faith negotiations on a plan that would have helped stabilize insurance mar-kets and provide a path forward to strengthening our country’s healthcare system. Instead of embracing this bipartisan effort and proposal, Donald Trump and Republican leaders doubled down on their efforts to destroy and dismantle the ACA, no matter the consequences. Last October, Donald Trump an-nounced he would halt all cost-sharing reduction payments that helped keep plans more affordable. In December, congressional Republicans eliminated the ACA’s individual coverage require-ment as part of a massive tax giveaway to the wealthiest 1 percent of the peo-ple and corporations in our country—a tax break, by the way, they didn’t even ask for. With that, 10 million Americans stand to lose their coverage, and mil-lions more will see their premiums rise as a result. Earlier this year, the Trump administration made it easier for insurance companies to offer mini-mal—minimal—insurance plans to con-sumers. These plans are called junk plans for a good reason because they don’t require insurers to cover some pretty basic essential health service benefits—things as basic as annual physicals, trips to the emergency room, or prescription drug coverage. In other words, your junk plan will not provide coverage if you really get sick. Two weeks ago, the President an-nounced a draconian cut to the ACA’s navigator program—a program that helps people sign up for healthcare cov-erage. In Hawaii, funding for ACA navi-gators is a particularly critical tool for outreach to the COFA community, and these are citizens of the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Republic of Palau living and working in the United States as part of our Compacts of Free Association with these countries. COFA citizens live, work, and pay taxes in the United States but face sig-nificant health challenges and dif-ficulty accessing healthcare. Under current Federal law, COFA citizens are ineligible for Medicaid. They are, however, eligible for sub-sidized healthcare coverage under the ACA. This is where the navigator pro-gram comes in. This program helps our COFA citizens navigate the enrollment process in their own language and helps to ensure they have access to the healthcare they need. Without access to the navigator program, the already underserved COFA citizen community will face new challenges accessing the care they need. Last month, the Trump administra-tion joined Texas and 19 other States suing to invalidate the ACA’s core pro-tections for Americans with pre-existing conditions—illnesses like dia-betes, asthma, or cancer. If the Presi-dent and Texas prevail in this law-suit—which will end up before the Su-preme Court—nearly one in four Amer-icans with preexisting conditions will be at risk of either losing their healthcare coverage altogether or find it unaffordable. Healthcare is one reason I have deep reservations about the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court. Judge Kavanaugh was nominated by a President who has openly bragged about all the things he has done to gut the Affordable Care Act and who expects his judicial nomi-nees to share his views. In our democracy, every elected lead-er faces a reckoning with their voters. This year, the American people are sending us a clear message to protect their healthcare. They are standing up and speaking out because healthcare is not just some abstract concern for them. It is deeply personal for all of us. It is why healthcare is a top concern for our constituents all across the country—whether they are Repub-licans, Democrats, Independents, pro- Trump, or anti-Trump. Health insur-ance impacts every single one of us. This is not a game. Lives are at stake. Our constituents are watching and demanding we listen and act to safeguard their healthcare, and they will hold us accountable if we do not. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Massachu-setts. 
FEDERAL WORKFORCE  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I want to start by thanking Senator B
ROWN  for organizing time for our speeches today and, of course, for his tireless fight on behalf of working people in this country. I rise today to join Senator B
ROWN  and my other colleagues in standing with Federal workers in Massachusetts and all around the country—Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.053 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5417 July 26, 2018 
workers who are under attack from all sides by the Trump administration. There are nearly 30,000 Federal work-ers in Massachusetts alone, and almost a quarter of them are veterans—thou-sands of men and women who have put themselves in harm’s way to protect us and then come home and continue serv-ing their communities in the Federal workforce. These Americans work at agencies like the Social Security Ad-ministration, to help older Americans receive the benefits they have earned, and they work at the VA, where they help us fulfill the promises that we have made to our veterans. They help to keep our communities safe, and they help them recover after a disaster hits. They fight deadly diseases and work day in and day out to improve the health of our fellow citizens. Those are just a few examples. But ever since taking office, Presi-dent Trump has attacked these public servants, attacked their paychecks, at-tacked their working conditions, and attacked their retirement security in just about every way he could think of—freezing their pay and proposing draconian cuts to their wages and their hard-earned retirement benefits. His latest assault, in the form of three Executive orders, undermines collective bargaining rights that have protected Federal workers’ voices in their workplaces since the Civil Serv-ice Reform Act of 1978 passed this Sen-ate 87 to 1. These orders disrupt the bargaining processes that Federal workers have used for decades, and they interfere with the ability of unions to represent their members. For example, one of President Trump’s Ex-ecutive orders severely cuts down on the time that unions can spend helping their workers navigate the process for filing a workplace sexual harassment claim or getting whistleblower protec-tions in order to report fraud and cor-ruption in the government. President Trump’s attacks on these public servants and their rights under-mine important government services and the rights of all American workers, and they are part of a clear pattern. Despite his campaign rhetoric from 2 years ago, the President’s track record on standing up for workers has been absolutely miserable. From the day he nominated Andrew Puzder, an execu-tive who delighted in mocking and be-littling his own low-wage workers, to run the Labor Department, this admin-istration has delivered one gut punch after another to American workers. But that was only the beginning. In the Trump administration, workers in all sectors and all industries and in all parts of the country are under repeated attack. President Trump has signed laws, ended commonsense protections, and nominated anti-union and anti- worker judges—all of which undermine the rights of American workers in more ways than I can possibly count. He has rolled back rules designed to make sure that Federal contractors don’t cheat their workers out of hard- earned wages. He has delayed safety standards that keep workers from being exposed to lethal carcinogenic materials, and he has made it easier for employers to hide injuries and deaths that their workers suffer on the job. He has opened the door for shady fi-nancial advisers to cheat hard-working Americans out of billions of dollars in retirement savings. He has put anti-worker corporate at-torneys on the National Labor Rela-tions Board, which has now mowed its way through a giant wish list of areas where giant companies were begging to be left off the hook for violating work-ers’ rights. For the Supreme Court, he nomi-nated Neil Gorsuch, a union-busting judge who was the deciding vote in the 5-to-4 Janus case, which was also an at-tack on public servants, nurses, teach-ers, firefighters, and police—the cul-mination of a years-long campaign by rightwing billionaires to damage unions. The list goes on. After a year and a half of corporate tax cuts and rolling back commonsense protections for workplace safety, collective bar-gaining, retirement security, and more, we know that President Trump’s prom-ises to fight for American workers aren’t really worth much of anything. Like all of the attacks on working families that we have seen from this administration, President Trump’s rolling back the rights of Federal workers will lower wages, worsen con-ditions, hurt retirement security, and squeeze middle-class families all around the country even tighter than before. But that is not all. By attack-ing the Federal workforce, President Trump is making it harder for them to do their jobs. That means he is under-mining services that our seniors, our veterans, and Americans from all back-grounds rely on every single day. In Massachusetts and here in Wash-ington, Federal workers are saying: Enough is enough. So they are joining together, standing up, speaking out, and they are refusing to back down. Like so many Americans, I am grateful for their service to our country and to our communities, and I am proud to stand and fight shoulder to shoulder with these dedicated public servants, with their families, and with their communities all around the country. I am proud to stand with them. Powerful interests have been trying to break the backs of working people and their unions for decades, but we are here to say: We are not going away. We are going to fight, and we are going to win. I yield the floor. EXECUTIVE SESSION 
THE TREATY WITH THE FED-ERATED STATES OF MICRONESIA ON THE DELIMITATION OF A MARITIME BOUNDARY 
THE TREATY WITH THE REPUBLIC OF KIRIBATI ON THE DELIMITA-TION OF MARITIME BOUNDARIES 
EXTRADITION TREATY WITH THE REPUBLIC OF SERBIA 
EXTRADITION TREATY WITH THE REPUBLIC OF KOSOVO Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following treaties en bloc: Calendar Nos. 2, 3, 4, and 5. I further ask unanimous consent that the trea-ties be considered as having passed through their various parliamentary stages up to and including the presen-tation of the resolutions of ratifica-tion; that any committee-reported con-ditions, declarations, or reservations be agreed to as applicable; that any statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; further, that when the resolutions of ratification are voted upon, the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be notified of the Senate’s action, all en bloc; and that following the dis-position of the treaties, the Senate re-turn to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The treaties will be stated. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Treaty document No. 114–13A, The Treaty with the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Maritime Boundary. Treaty document No. 114–13B, The Treaty with the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimi-tation of Maritime Boundaries. Treaty document No. 115–1, Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Serbia. Treaty document No. 115–2, Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Kosovo. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for a division vote on the resolu-tions of ratification en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. A divi-sion vote has been requested. On treaty document Nos. 114–13A, 114–13B, 115–1, and 115–2, Senators in favor of the resolutions of ratification will rise and stand until counted. Those opposed will rise and stand until counted. On a division vote, two-thirds of the Senators present having voted in the affirmative, the resolutions of ratifica-tion are agreed to en bloc. The resolutions of ratification are as follows: 
TREATY DOCUMENT NO . 114–13A Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.055 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5418 July 26, 2018 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Federated States of Micronesia on the Delimitation of a Mari-time Boundary, signed at Koror on August 1, 2014 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc. 114–13A), subject to the declaration in section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. 
TREATY DOCUMENT NO . 114–13B Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty between the Gov-ernment of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries, signed at Majuro on September 6, 2013 (the ‘‘Treaty’’) (Treaty Doc 114–13B), subject to the declaration in section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. 
TREATY DOCUMENT NO . 115–1 Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Republic of Serbia on Extradition, signed at Belgrade on August 15, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–1), sub-ject to the declaration of section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. 
TREATY DOCUMENT NO . 115–2 Resolved, (two-thirds of the Senators present concurring therein), 
SECTION 1. SENATE ADVICE AND CONSENT SUB-JECT TO A DECLARATION. 
The Senate advises and consents to the ratification of the Extradition Treaty Be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Re-public of Kosovo, signed at Pristina on March 29, 2016 (Treaty Doc. 115–2), subject to the declaration of section 2. 
SEC. 2. DECLARATION. 
The Senate’s advice and consent under sec-tion 1 is subject to the following declaration: The Treaty is self-executing. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
SERGEANT FIRST CLASS CHRISTOPHER A . CELIZ  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today I wish to honor SFC Christopher A. Celiz, who was fatally wounded while conducting operations in support of a medical evacuation landing zone in Af-ghanistan last week. Sergeant First Class Celiz was a Summerville, SC, na-tive and attended the Citadel before enlisting in the Army, where he subse-quently served five deployments, in-cluding Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom. Sergeant First Class Celiz was serving as a bat-talion mortar platoon sergeant and supporting Operation Freedom’s Sen-tinel when he sustained fatal wounds and passed away on July 12. Sergeant First Class Celiz served this country with the utmost courage and commitment, and his service and sac-rifice will never be forgotten. I ask that he be honored today, and share my deepest condolences with all of those who knew and loved Sergeant First Class Celiz. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT COLONEL PETE M
CALEER ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, as a member of the Senate Marine Corps Caucus, I rise to pay tribute to Lt. Col. Pete McAleer, who has selflessly served our great country as a U.S. marine. Lieutenant Colonel McAleer will retire on July 31, 2018, after a successful 24- year military career as an infantry of-ficer. Lieutenant Colonel McAleer’s service was inspired by the example set by his family. His grandfathers both served in WWII, and his father, retired Marine Col. Rob McAleer, was a 30-year Marine infantry officer who served in Vietnam and Desert Storm. As a military child, Lieutenant Colonel McAleer learned firsthand what it meant to serve. Like most military children, he endured nu-merous relocations, which included Japan, Norway, and England, while ex-periencing the true meaning of service and sacrifice. These challenges devel-oped his personal resilience and an un-deniable sense of patriotism. It was his experiences growing up that solidified his desire to serve in the Marine Corps. Lieutenant Colonel McAleer was commissioned in 1994 upon graduating from the University of Notre Dame and was then assigned to Company A, 1st Battalion, 4th execu-tive officer for two WESTPAC and CENTCOM area deployments. In each of his following assignments, he not only excelled, but continued to pursue personal and professional development, earning masters degrees from both the U.S. Naval War College and the U.S. Army War College. Throughout his career, Lieutenant Colonel McAleer served honorably in numerous assignments that took him to seven States, the Nation’s Capital, and overseas, where he served in five combat deployments including tours in Iraq and Afghanistan. During his career, Lieutenant Colo-nel McAleer demonstrated what it means to be a leader. A highly deco-rated marine, he earned several service awards, including the Bronze Star, for his heroic service. As a testament to Lieutenant Colo-nel McAleer’s exemplary service, he was selected to serve as the com-mandant of the Marine Corps’ Senior Fellow at the Center for a New Amer-ican Security. He was also chosen to represent the U.S. Marine Corps as a military legis-lative fellow for Senator Judd Gregg R– NH. Following his successful year on Capitol Hill, he served as the deputy di-rector for the Marine Senate Liaison Office. As his final assignment in uniform, Lieutenant Colonel McAleer served as a strategic policy adviser to the Chief of Naval Operations. Lieutenant Colonel McAleer faith-fully served his country. He was moti-vated to join the Marines because of the example set by his father and the challenge of earning the title of ma-rine. He was encouraged to continue his service because of the mission and the men and women he served along-side. Lieutenant Colonel McAleer, con-gratulations on your successful career and well-deserved retirement. I join my colleagues in Congress and all Ameri-cans as we express our appreciation for your service, acknowledge your many accomplishments, and wish the very best for you, your wife, Laura, and your daughter Paige in the future. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHERRY FUGERE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the honor of recognizing Sherry Fugere of Daniels County for her contribution to the Scobey commu-nity through her work at the Daniels County Fair. Raised in Scobey, Sherry graduated from Scobey High School. After grad-uation, she attended Miles Community College and finished her degree at Northern Montana College in Havre. Following college, Sherry moved back home to Scobey where she has dedi-cated her time to the community serv-ing as the Secretary of the Daniels County Fair Association, where her contributions have made the event a huge success. Over the past 15 years, Sherry has gone above and beyond to ensure the success of the Daniels County Fair which has brought families and com-munity together, and will be cherished for generations to come. I congratulate Sherry on her signifi-cant role to Daniels County and the Daniels County Fair. I look forward to seeing that success continue to grow. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JACK LAW ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the career achieve-ments of Dr. Jack Law of the Idaho Na-tional Laboratory who was named a fellow of the American Nuclear Society 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.055 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5419 July 26, 2018 
and received the 2018 Glenn T. Seaborg Actinide Separations Award. Fellow is the highest distinction con-ferred by the American Nuclear Soci-ety and was awarded to Jack for his original research and innovative lead-ership in chemical separation tech-nologies, specifically in the spent nu-clear fuel cycle and nuclear waste treatment. The Glenn T. Seaborg Award recog-nizes U.S. scientists and engineers who have made outstanding and lasting contributions to the development and application of actinide separations processes and methodology. Dr. Law has made impactful con-tributions during his over 30-year ca-reer at the Idaho National Laboratory, where he previously received the lab-oratory’s Individual Lifetime Achieve-ment in Science and Technology Award and the Department of Energy’s Sec-retary’s Achievement Award. I congratulate Jack on these out-standing achievements. The Idaho Na-tional Lab has a truly outstanding sci-entist and leader in Dr. Jack Law, and we wish him and the lab continued suc-cess.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING WRIGHT PHYSICAL THERAPY ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, the people of Idaho are hard workers who dedicate their time, skills, and energy into making Idaho the great State that it is. With such dedication sometimes comes the occasional injury in pursuit of a goal, and, luckily, that is where Bryan Wright, doctor of physical ther-apy and founder of Wright Physical Therapy, comes in. No matter one’s ailment, Wright Physical Therapy’s goal is to provide inspiration and healing rehabilitation to their patients through expert-led sessions, creative treatment plans, and unparalleled service. As chairman of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, it is my distinct privilege to recognize Wright Physical Therapy as the Small Business of the Month for July 2018. Before opening Wright Physical Therapy in Twin Falls ID, Bryan Wrightowned and operated a fitness center in nearby Pocatello with helpful guidance from the Idaho Small Busi-ness Development Center, better known as the Idaho SBDC. This marked the beginning of a relationship that would help propel Bryan’s busi-ness career to new heights and enable him to pursue his passion of helping people. After the completion of his doc-torate in physical therapy and a move to Twin Falls, Bryan started the proc-ess of opening his own practice. The SBDC’s assistance throughout the process was instrumental in estab-lishing Wright Physical Therapy. The SBDC provided Bryan with feasibility studies for new locations, paired him with universitystudents to conduct re-search on growth and progression, and talked to him about franchise opportu-nities, organic partnerships, and licens-ing. The SBDC’s assistance paired with Bryan’s expertise in his field were key to Wright Physical Therapy’s develop-ment as a member of the Twin Falls community. Bryan’s entrepreneurial spirit spearheaded Wright Physical Therapy’s expansion throughout Idaho into Kimberly, Jerome, Wendell, Bur-ley, Idaho Falls, and Shelley, along with the addition of a second Twin Falls location. Bryan has always been passionate about helping people, but his interest in physical therapy blossomed after his mother seriously injured her knee. His talent for physical therapy and knowl-edge of the musculoskeletal system was so apparent that, when Bryan ac-companied his mother to her doctor’s appointments, the physician mistook him for her physical therapist. Al-though he often works on the knee, he now specializes in the neck and spine. Bryan is the first physical therapist in the Twin Falls area to be become a me-chanically certified back and neck spe-cialist. Bryan also has a strong commitment to family values, which is apparent at all of the Wright Physical Therapy lo-cations. Whether it be celebrating a team member’s new baby, balancing daddy-daughter day at work, or walk-ing together in a local parade, a focus on family life and values is integral to Wright Physical Therapy’s environ-ment. This team-first, family-based mindset creates a welcoming commu-nity where patients feel safe and as-sured that they are in caring hands. This year marks the 10-year anniver-sary of Wright Physical Therapy’s commitment to innovative treatment. In addition to practicing physical therapy, Wright Physical Therapy op-erates three service divisions: WorkWright Industrial Solutions, the W Fitness, and SciAthlete. These serv-ice divisions guarantee a holistic ap-proach to body care, including preven-tion and postcare programs. They strive to make the workplace safer for employees whose jobs require physical activity and optimize physical poten-tial of local athletes. The team at Wright Physical Therapy not only helps patients alleviate their pain, but aim to prevent injuries before they happen. Wright Physical Therapy’s employees positively contribute to society through volunteer work in Idaho and throughout the world. For example, the Wright team volunteered at the 2015 Magic Valley Health Fair where they provided complimentary musculo-skeletal screenings to members of the community. They have a unique social mission that involves donating re-sources, time, and expertise to better the lives of children worldwide. I am proud to recognize a small busi-ness with a purposeful service-based mission. Wright Physical Therapy en-sures that Idahoans can get back to work and do what they love. From sports injuries to preventative care, they strive to help all who come through their doors. Once again, I am honored to recognize Wright Physical Therapy as July’s Small Business of the Month, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO ERIN FOTH ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Erin Foth, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work she has done on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Da-kota. Erin is a graduate of Sully Buttes High School in Onida, SD. Currently, she is attending SD State University in Brookings, SD, where she studies eco-nomics and accounting. Erin is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Erin for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS HARDCASTLE ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Thomas Hardcastle, an in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Thomas is a graduate of Northern State University in Aberdeen, SD. Cur-rently, he is pursuing his masters of public administration at the Univer-sity of Colorado, Denver. Thomas is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Thomas for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARIA LEWIS ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Maria Lewis, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work she has done on behalf of myself, my staff, and the State of South Da-kota. Maria is a graduate of West Central High School in Hartford, SD. Cur-rently, she is attending the University of South Dakota in Vermillion, SD, where she studies criminal justice and political science. Maria is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Maria for all of the fine work she has done and wish her contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEPHEN SISEL ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Stephen Sisel, an intern in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.061 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5420 July 26, 2018 
my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done on behalf of my-self, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Currently, Stephen is attending the University of St. Andrews in St. An-drews, Fife, Scotland, where he studies modern history. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his intern-ship experience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Stephen for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR CHARLES D. HODGES ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to recognize South Carolina na-tive, Maj. Charles D. Hodges for his ex-ceptional service and bravery in his re-cent military support efforts in the Thailand cave rescues. Major Hodges is a U.S. mission commander for the Air Force’s 353rd Special Operations unit and led his team of U.S. support in res-cuing 12 young Thai boys and their coach trapped in a network of caves. With his support and the hard work and bravery of so many military per-sonnel, all 13 were all rescued safely on Tuesday. South Carolina and I are very proud to call Major Hodges one of our own. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN WALTERS ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I would like to acknowledge Mr. Dan Walters of Greenwood, SC, for his dedication and willingness to provide children without families a home of love and support for over 15 years and congratulate him on receiving the 2018 Angels in Adoption award. Mr. Walters has truly opened up his heart and home through his excep-tional service for children in the foster care system. Since entering the foster care program, Mr. Walters has fostered 15 children, provided long-term care for three children, and also adopted one child. I had the pleasure of working with one of those children through my internship program, and he credits Mr. Walters for giving him a ‘‘second chance at life.’’ He truly has made an incredible difference in the lives of many foster youth. Aside from being a foster parent, Mr. Walters is also an engaged member of the community as a businessowner, ac-tive Rotarian, and deacon at Connie Maxwell Baptist Church. Mr. Walters is an outstanding exam-ple of a foster parent, and I applaud him on his continued commitment and compassion towards helping foster care children. He truly has been an ‘‘angel in adoption,’’ and I congratulate him on this special recognition.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN CESCHINI ∑Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I wish to recognize an outstanding edu-cator from the State of Maryland. John Ceschini has been an extraordinary leader in the area of arts education. His work has, in short, transformed this field and the lives of countless stu-dents. For the last 4 years, Mr. Ceschini was the arts integration officer for Prince George’s County schools. During that time, he played an integral role in the expansion of the arts integration pro-gram, which is now the largest in the country. Previously, Mr. Ceschini was the ex-ecutive director of education in the Maryland Schools Alliance. In 2011, he received the National Arts Education Association’s Distinguished Service Award, and in 2010, he received the In-novator of the Year Award from the ‘‘Daily Record’’ for his efforts to sup-port and expand the arts integration initiative across Maryland. Mr. Ceschini served as principal of two elementary schools that developed nationally recognized arts integration programs under his leadership. One of those schools, Kensington Parkwood Elementary School in Kensington, MD, was the 2007 recipient of the Creative Ticket National Schools of Distinction Award. In 2006, the school received the New and Emerging Art School Award from the International Network of Schools for the Advancement of Arts Education. Before that, Mr. Ceschini served as principal of Rockledge Ele-mentary School in Bowie, a Maryland Blue Ribbon school that received na-tional recognition for its arts program. In fact, Harvard University included Rockledge in its ‘‘Why Arts Survive’’ research and named the program as one of eight promising arts schools in the Nation. Mr. Ceschini was one of four edu-cators across the Nation who received the BRAVO Network National Arts Education award for his commitment to arts education. His other awards in-cluded the Washington Post Out-standing Educational Leader Award, the Prince George’s Arts Council ABE Award for outstanding elementary arts program, the Prince George’s Chamber of Commerce Outstanding Adminis-trator Award, and the Bowie Out-standing Citizen Award. Mr. Ceschini has been an advocate for arts education across the world and has demonstrated how the arts can play an essential role in any school cur-riculum. There can be no doubt that he is one of our country’s most effective leaders in arts education. Now, as he begins his well-earned retirement, I call upon my colleagues to join me in congratulating and expressing our ap-preciation to John Ceschini on his out-standing service.∑ f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:16 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: S. 2779. An act to amend the Zimbabwe De-mocracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 5535. An act to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 re-garding energy diplomacy and security with-in the Department of State, and for other purposes. H.R. 5693. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently, to establish the Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition Adminis-tration and the Under Secretary for Vet-erans Economic Opportunity and Transition of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to amend the interest rate for certain loans guaranteed under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 5754. An act to promote free and fair elections, political freedoms, and human rights in Cambodia, and for other purposes. H.R. 5864. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources positions within the Veterans Health Administration of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. H.R. 6199. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain over- the-counter medical products as qualified medical expenses. H.R. 6311. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for pur-poses of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan. H.R. 6414. An act to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for pro-mulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation self-governance program. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bill, with an amendment, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 756. An act to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill, with amendments, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
S. 770. An act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology to disseminate resources to help re-duce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes. 
At 12:35 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agree to the report of the committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Sen-ate to the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.064 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5421 July 26, 2018 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:49 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2353. An act to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) announced that on today, July 26, 2018, he has signed the following en-rolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ): 
S. 2245. An act to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand. S. 2850. An act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 5535. An act to amend the State De-partment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 re-garding energy diplomacy and security with-in the Department of State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. H.R. 5693. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in non-Department medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live inde-pendently, to establish the Veterans Eco-nomic Opportunity and Transition Adminis-tration and the Under Secretary for Vet-erans Economic Opportunity and Transition of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to amend the interest rate for certain loans guaranteed under the home loan program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. H.R. 5754. An act to promote free and fair elections, political freedoms, and human rights in Cambodia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. H.R. 5864. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources positions within the Veterans Health Administration of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bills were read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 184. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. H.R. 1201. An act to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes. ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, July 26, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 2245. An act to include New Zealand in the list of foreign states whose nationals are eligible for admission into the United States as E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrants if United States nationals are treated similarly by the Government of New Zealand. S. 2850. An act to amend the White Moun-tain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantifica-tion Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–6047. A communication from the Chair-man and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Cred-it Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Administration’s strategic plan for fiscal years 2018 through 2023; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–6048. A communication from the Chair-man, Farm Credit System Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s annual report for calendar year 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6049. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Dairy Program, Agri-cultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Milk in the Florida Marketing Area; Order Amending the Order’’ ((7 CFR Part 1006) (Docket No. AMS–DA–17–0068)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6050. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Walnuts Grown in California; Order Amend-ing Marketing Order 984’’ ((7 CFR Part 984) (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0053)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6051. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Fruit and Vegetable Pro-grams, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Rules of Practice and Procedure Governing Marketing Orders and Marketing Agree-ments, and Research, Promotion, and Infor-mation Programs’’ ((7 CFR Parts 900 and 1200) (Docket No. AMS–SC–18–0007)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6052. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘General Regulations for Federal Fruit, Veg-etable, and Specialty Crop Marketing Agree-ments and Orders; Authority To Meet Via Electronic Communications’’ ((7 CFR Part 900) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0086)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6053. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges, Grapefruit, Tangerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida; Increased Assessment Rate’’ ((7 CFR Part 905) (Docket No. AMS– SC–17–0074)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6054. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Almonds Grown in California; Revision to the Ad-justed Kernel Weight Computation’’ ((7 CFR Part 981) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0084)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6055. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Specialty Crops Program, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Olives Grown in California; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ ((7 CFR Part 932) (Docket No. AMS– SC–18–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6056. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Grapes Grown in a Designated Area of Southeastern California; Decreased Assess-ment Rate’’ ((7 CFR Part 925) (Docket No. AMS–SC–17–0082)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6057. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Dairy Program, Agricul-tural Marketing Service, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Milk in the Cali-fornia Marketing Area; Federal Milk Mar-keting Order Promulgation’’ ((7 CFR Part 1051) (Docket No. AMS–DA–14–0095)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–6058. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Indemnification or Defense, or Providing Notice to the Department of Defense, Relating to a Third-Party Environ-mental Claim’’ (RIN0790–AJ54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–6059. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Adjustment of Civil Monetary Penalty Amounts for 2018’’ (RIN2501–AD86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–6060. A communication from the Dep-uty White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a vacancy in the position of As-sistant Secretary, Office of Planning, Eval-uation, and Policy Development, Depart-ment of Education, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.004 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5422 July 26, 2018 
EC–6061. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Alaska Marine Highway Sys-tem Port Valdez Ferry Terminal, Port Valdez; Valdez, AK’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2018–0578)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6062. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; San Francisco Fourth of July Fireworks Display, San Francisco Bay, San Francisco, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0508)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6063. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; City of Vallejo Fourth of July Fireworks Display, Mare Island Strait, Vallejo, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0544)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6064. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; City of Benicia Fourth of July Fireworks Display, Carquinez Straight, Benicia, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0641)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6065. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Willamette River, Wilsonville, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0647)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6066. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Taylor Bayou Turing Basin, Port Arthur, TX’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0914)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6067. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Fleet Week Maritime Fes-tival, Pier 66, Elliot Bay, Seattle, Wash-ington’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2018–0656)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6068. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Annual events requiring Safety Zones in the Captain of the Port, Lake Michigan Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0082)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6069. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area and Safety Zone, Harlem River and Hudson River, Man-hattan, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00 and RIN1625– AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0523)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6070. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area, Chicago Sani-tary and Ship Canal, Romeoville, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA11) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 1095)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6071. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Choptank River, Cam-bridge, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0178)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6072. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; 2018 Detroit Hydrofest, Detroit River, Detroit, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0673)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–6073. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Grand Haven Coast Guard Festival Waterski Show, Grand Haven, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2018–0267)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–6074. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Barge PFE–LB444, San Joa-quin River, Blackslough Landing, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2018– 0634)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 25, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–278. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Missouri applying to the United States Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution, to call a conven-tion of the states limited to proposing an amendment to the United States Constitu-tion to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Representatives and to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States Senate; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 40 Whereas, Article V of the Constitution of the United States requires a Convention to be called by the Congress of the United States for the purpose of proposing an amendment to the Constitution upon appli-cation of two-thirds of the Legislatures of the several states; and Whereas, the Legislature of the State of Missouri favors a proposal and ratification of an amendment to said Constitution, which shall set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Representatives and as a member of the United States Senate: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the members of the Missouri Senate, Ninety-ninth General Assembly, Sec-ond Regular Session, the House of Represent-atives concurring therein, hereby make an application to Congress, as provided by Arti-cle V of the Constitution of the United States of America, to call a convention lim-ited to proposing an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States of America to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States House of Representatives and to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected as a member of the United States Senate; and be it further Resolved, That this application shall be considered as covering the same subject mat-ter as the applications from other states to Congress to call a convention to set a limit on the number of terms that a person may be elected to the House of Representatives of the Congress of the United States and the Senate of the United States; and this appli-cation shall be aggregated with same for the purpose of attaining the two-thirds of states necessary to require Congress to call a lim-ited convention on this subject, but shall not be aggregated with any other applications on any other subject; and be it further Resolved, That this application shall expire five (5) years after the passage of this resolu-tion; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed to prepare a properly inscribed copy of this resolution for the President and Secretary of the Senate of the United States and to the Speaker, Clerk, and Judiciary Committee Chairman of the House of Rep-resentatives of the Congress of the United States, and copies to each member of the Missouri Congressional delegation, and the presiding officers of each of the legislative houses in the several states, requesting their cooperation. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1580. A bill to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to pri-mary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, and for other purposes. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment: S. 3248. A bill to restrict the provision by international financial institutions of loans and financial and technical assistance to the Government of Turkey, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.006 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5423 July 26, 2018 
*Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and with-out additional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the King-dom of Tonga, and Tuvalu. Nominee: Joseph James Cella. Post: Ambassador Extraordinary and Plen-ipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Fiji, the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the King-dom of Tonga, and Tuvalu. (The following is a list of all members of my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) Contributions, amount, date, and donee; 1. Self: $375, 5–12–06, Fidelis America PAC; $250, 9–7–08, McCain-Palin Victory 2008; $250, 9–29–08, Republican National Committee; $150, 3–31–12, Rick Santorum for President, Inc.; $100, 3–31–12, Rick Santorum for Presi-dent, Inc. 2. Spouse: Kristen Renee Cella: $500, 9–30– 11, The American Way—Durant 2012. 3. Children: Francesca Teresa Cella: $0; John Paul Cornelius Cella: $0; Dominic Pas-chal Cella: $0; Rita Rose Benedicta Cella: $0; Mariana Lucia Cella: $0; Anthony Gilbert Cella: $0. 4. Parents: Janice Jean Cella: $0; Robert Francis Cella (deceased): $0. 5. Grandparents: Irene Rose (deceased): $0; Emmett Rose (deceased): $0; Angela Cella (deceased): $0; Joseph Cella (deceased): $0. 6. Brothers and Spouses: Robert Francis Cella (brother): $35, 11–1–16, Make America Great Again PAC; Kelli Anne Cella (sister-in- law): $0. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Christina Marie Cella (sister): $27, 2–13–16, ActBlue; $2.70, 2– 13–16, ActBlue; $50.00, 3–16–16, ActBlue; $15.00, 3–31–16, ActBlue; $50.00, 4–18–16, ActBlue; John Paul Nelson (brother-in-law): $3.86 11–5– 16, ActBlue; $2.70, 11–5–16, ActBlue; $3.86, 11– 5–16, ActBlue; $3.85, 11–5–16, ActBlue; $3.86, 11–5–16, ActBlue; $3.86, 11–5–16, ActBlue; $3.86, 11–6–16, ActBlue; $15.00, 12–16–06, ActBlue. 
*Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (Western Hemi-sphere Affairs). *Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an As-sistant Secretary of State (Conflict and Sta-bilization Operations). 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion lists which were printed in the RECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nominations beginning with Michael Calvert and ending with Marvin Smith, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 12, 2018. *Foreign Service nomination of Tanya S. Urquieta. *Foreign Service nomination of Maureen A. Shauket. *Foreign Service nominations beginning with Philip S. Goldberg and ending with Daniel Bennett Smith, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on July 18, 2018. *Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. 3278. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide additional pro-tections to taxpayers; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L EAHY ): S. 3279. A bill to prohibit deceptive prac-tices in Federal elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): S. 3280. A bill to increase intergovern-mental coordination to identify and combat human trafficking within Indian lands and of Indians; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 3281. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to require a person that pos-sesses or intends to possess a tableting ma-chine or encapsulating machine to obtain registration from the Attorney General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 3282. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to require that orders subject to review be submitted through a clearing-house, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 3283. A bill to require the appropriate Federal banking agencies to increase the risk-sensitivity of the capital treatment of certain centrally cleared exchange-listed op-tions and derivatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. N ELSON , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. K
AINE, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. B
ENNET , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K ING, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. W
ARREN ): S. 3284. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require certain tax-ex-empt organizations to include on annual re-turns the names and addresses of substantial contributors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 3285. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to provide investment au-thority to support rural infrastructure devel-opment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. B ENNET ): S. 3286. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize a program on chil-dren and the media within the National In-stitutes of Health to study the health and de-velopmental effects of technology on infants, children, and adolescents; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MCCONNELL: S. 3287. A bill to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): S. 3288. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide the Department of Justice needed legal authorities to combat cybercrime, including state sponsored cybercrime, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: S. 3289. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 1974 to provide adjustment assistance to cer-tain workers adversely affected by reduced exports resulting from tariffs imposed as re-taliation for United States tariff increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. K ING, and Mrs. E
RNST ): S. 3290. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of the establishment of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. 3291. A bill to reauthorize the New Jer-sey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. DAINES: S. 3292. A bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 to modify a provision relating to certain consultation requirements; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. INHOFE: S. 3293. A bill to provide for the use of un-leaded aviation gasoline; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. 3294. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to support innovative, evi-dence-based approaches that improve the ef-fectiveness and efficiency of postsecondary education for all students, to allow pay for success initiatives, to provide additional evaluation authority, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions . By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 3295. A bill to improve energy perform-ance in Federal buildings, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. G
ARD-
NER, Mr. R EED, and Mr. M CCAIN): S.J. Res. 62. A joint resolution formalizing congressional opposition to any withdrawal from the North Atlantic Treaty, requiring the advice and consent of the Senate to mod-ify or terminate the North Atlantic Treaty, and authorizing litigation to advance the Senate’s constitutional authority; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.027 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5424 July 26, 2018 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RAHAM ): S. Res. 594. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation’s ongoing at-tacks against the United States election sys-tem to undermine our democracy by inter-fering with our election system, and affirm-ing the Senate’s unequivocal commitment to holding the Russian Federation, President Putin, and those who carried out the attacks accountable; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. K ING, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C
OTTON , and Mr. C ORNYN ): S. Res. 595. A resolution designating July 26, 2018, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Pro-fessionals Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): S. Res. 596. A resolution recognizing the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Jour-ney of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and congratulating the Puyallup Tribe of Indians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup; to the Committee on In-dian Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. H
YDE-SMITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Serv-ice Act to increase the number of per-manent faculty in palliative care at ac-credited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, in-cluding physician assistant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of fac-ulty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 1023 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1023, a bill to reauthorize the Trop-ical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1084 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1084, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to require that the Direc-tor of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institu-tion provides a secure storage area lo-cated outside of the secure perimeter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by cer-tain employees of the Bureau of Pris-ons, and for other purposes. S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide medical as-sistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient services to treat substance use disorders at cer-tain facilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1358, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the treatment of certain direct primary care service arrangements and periodic provider fees. 
S. 1413 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1413, a bill to au-thorize the Secretary of Education to award grants to establish teacher lead-er development programs. 
S. 1588 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1588, a bill to secure Federal voting rights of persons when released from incarceration. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1589, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2006, a bill to require breast den-sity reporting to physicians and pa-tients by facilities that perform mam-mograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2128 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2128, a bill to improve the coordination and use of geospatial data. 
S. 2260 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2260, a bill to establish and fund an Opioids and STOP Initia-tive to expand, intensify, and coordi-nate fundamental, translational, and clinical research of the National Insti-tutes of Health with respect to opioid abuse, the understanding of pain, and the discovery and development of safer and more effective treatments and pre-ventive interventions for pain. S. 2348 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2348, a bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to ensure reliable air service to American Samoa. 
S. 2497 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 2497, a bill to amend the Foreign As-sistance Act of 1961 and the Arms Ex-port Control Act to make improve-ments to certain defense and security assistance provisions and to authorize the appropriations of funds to Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 2506 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2506, a bill to establish an aviation maintenance workforce devel-opment pilot program. 
S. 2520 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2520, a bill to amend the Commu-nications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to ensure just and reasonable charges for inmate telephone and advanced communications services. 
S. 2553 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2553, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit health plans and pharmacy benefit managers from restricting pharmacies from informing individuals regarding the prices for certain drugs and biologicals. 
S. 2823 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2823, a bill to modernize copyright law, and for other purposes. 
S. 3030 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3030, a bill to allow tribal grant schools to participate in the Federal Employee Health Benefits program. 
S. 3057 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3057, a bill to provide for the processing by U.S. Customs and Border Protection of certain inter-national mail shipments and to require the provision of advance electronic in-formation on international mail ship-ments of mail. 
S. 3063 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Louisiana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.011 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5425 July 26, 2018 
(Mr. K ENNEDY ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 3063, a bill to delay the reimposition of the annual fee on health insurance providers until after 2020. 
S. 3166 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOL-
LEN) were added as cosponsors of S. 3166, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the United States Army Rangers Veterans of World War II in recognition of their ex-traordinary service during World War II. 
S. 3172 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 3172, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 3191 
At the request of Mr. J ONES , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3191, a bill to provide for the expedi-tious disclosure of records related to civil rights cold cases, and for other purposes. 
S. 3222 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3222, a bill to designate the J. Marvin Jones Federal Building and United States Courthouse in Amarillo, Texas, as the ‘‘J. Marvin Jones Federal Build-ing and Mary Lou Robinson United States Courthouse’’. 
S. 3229 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3229, a bill to enhance the security of the United States and its allies, and for other purposes. 
S. 3257 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OT-
TON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 3257, a bill to impose sanctions on for-eign persons responsible for serious violations of international law regard-ing the protection of civilians during armed conflict, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3402 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3402 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. AMENDMENT NO . 3441 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from Kan-sas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 3441 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3483 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3483 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3492 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3492 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3496 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3496 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3502 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3502 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3520 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3520 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3524 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3524 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3533 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. WARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3533 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3554 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3554 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3564 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 3564 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3577 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 3577 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3597 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3597 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appro-priations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agen-cies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3600 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Sen-ator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 3600 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3603 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3603 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.013 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5426 July 26, 2018 
AMENDMENT NO . 3604 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3604 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3605 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3605 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3606 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 3606 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3607 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 3607 intended to be proposed to H.R. 6147, a bill making ap-propriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. M
CCONNELL: S. 3287. A bill to establish the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument in the State of Kentucky as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 3287 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Camp Nel-son Heritage National Monument Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘Map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument Nicholasville, Kentucky’’, num-bered 532/144,148, and dated April 2018. (2) M
ONUMENT .—The term ‘‘Monument’’ means the Camp Nelson Heritage National Monument established by section 3(a)(1). (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the National Park Service. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF CAMP NELSON HER-ITAGE NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), there is established as a unit of the National Park System the Camp Nelson Heritage Na-tional Monument in the State of Kentucky to preserve, protect, and interpret, for the benefit of present and future generations, the nationally significant historic resources of Camp Nelson and the role of Camp Nelson in the Civil War, Reconstruction, and Afri-can American history and civil rights. (2) C
ONDITIONS .—The Monument shall not be established until after the date on which the Secretary— (A) has entered into a written agreement with the owner of any private or non-Federal land within the boundary of the Monument, as depicted on the Map, providing that the property shall be donated to the United States for inclusion in the Monument to be managed consistently with the purposes of the Monument; and (B) has determined that sufficient land or interests in land have been acquired within the boundary of the Monument to constitute a manageable unit. (b) B
OUNDARY .—The boundary of the Monu-ment shall be the boundary generally de-picted on the Map. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF MAP.—The Map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (d) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may only acquire any land or interest in land located within the boundary of the Monument by— (1) donation; (2) purchase with donated funds; or (3) exchange. (e) A
DMINISTRATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-minister the Monument in accordance with— (A) this Act; and (B) the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including— (i) section 100101(a), chapter 1003, and sec-tions 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101 of title 54, United States Code; and (ii) chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code. (2) M
ANAGEMENT PLAN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available to the Secretary to prepare a gen-eral management plan for the Monument, the Secretary shall prepare a general man-agement plan for the Monument in accord-ance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (B) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—On comple-tion of the general management plan, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the gen-eral management plan. (f) N
OBUFFER ZONES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Monument, or the man-agement of the Monument creates a buffer zone outside of the Monument. (2) A
CTIVITY OR USE OUTSIDE MONUMENT .— The fact that an activity or use can be seen, heard, or detected from within the Monu-ment shall not preclude the conduct of the activity or use outside of the Monument. 
By Mr. DAINES: S. 3292. A bill to amend the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 to modify a provi-sion relating to certain consultation requirements; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
S. 3292 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NO ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION RE-QUIRED WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN NEW INFORMATION. 
Section 6(d)(2) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(d)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) any new information (within the meaning of subsection (b) of section 402.16 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regulation)) relating to a land management plan, if the land management plan has been adopted by the Secretary as of the date on which the new information is re-vealed.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘since the date’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘since the later of— ‘‘(I) the date’’; (B) in subclause (I) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘this section or the date’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘this section; and ‘‘(II) as applicable— ‘‘(aa) the date’’; and (C) in subclause (II)(aa) (as so designated), by striking ‘‘subparagraph, whichever is later.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘sub-paragraph; or ‘‘(bb) the date on which new information relating to the land management plan is re-vealed as described in clause (iii) of that sub-paragraph.’’. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. R EED, and Mr. M
CCAIN): S.J. Res. 62. A joint resolution for-malizing congressional opposition to any withdrawal from the North Atlan-tic Treaty, requiring the advice and consent of the Senate to modify or ter-minate the North Atlantic Treaty, and authorizing litigation to advance the Senate’s constitutional authority; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I regret it is necessary to introduce legislation that prevents a President from with-drawing from NATO. Our allies with whom we have fought alongside since World War II and earlier in some cases, are seriously questioning our alle-giance for the first time in the history of the modern international order. President Trump has chosen to call our European allies ‘‘foes’’ while aligning himself with a brutal and repressive authoritarian, Vladimir Putin, over the professional assessment of the U.S. intelligence community. Troubling news continues to flow from the Presi-dent’s disastrous trip to Europe for the NATO summit and his meeting with President Putin in Helsinki. And for the first time ever, we are forced to ask what options we have to preserve U.S. membership in the primary tool of peace and stability for the last 70 years, the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.015 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5427 July 26, 2018 
In response to the only invocation of Article 5 of the NATO Treaty, more than 1,100 servicemembers from our NATO allies have given their lives fighting alongside the United States. This is a sacrifice that should not be so easily cast aside by our President who continues to inaccurately depict the al-liance as a protection racket and ‘‘ob-solete.’’ While we must continue to press every country to continue in-creasing defense spending to meet the agreed upon goal of 2 percent of GDP by 2024, it is disconcerting to watch the President disparage these allies and make threats to withdraw the U.S. from NATO. Unfortunately, without action from Congress, this President might try to terminate U.S. member-ship in NATO. For this reason, we must affirmatively pronounce our legal posi-tion with regards to NATO, use our constitutionally required power of ad-vice and consent to block any with-drawal and we must preemptively au-thorize legal proceedings to challenge any future decision to withdraw. This legislation I am introducing today along with Senators G
ARDNER , R
EED, and M CCAIN, is a bipartisan mes-sage to the President and the necessary tool needed to block the President from terminating the NATO treaty. It is the affirmative position of the United States Senate, supported by this Bill, and previous resolutions passed by this Congress, including and by the original vote of 82–13 in 1949 to give the Senate’s advice and consent to join NATO, that the United States of America through their elected officials are unequivocally opposed to the U.S. withdrawing from NATO. This legisla-tion also asserts our constitutional re-sponsibility to provide advice and con-sent to U.S. membership in treaties. Just as the President sought and re-ceived the advice and consent to enter into NATO, the President must also re-ceive the advice and consent to termi-nate treaty membership—especially when such a decision would be at odds with the opinion of the Senate and the American people. Finally, this Bill will authorize Senate Legal Counsel to rep-resent the Senate in challenging any decision to withdraw from NATO and specifically grant Federal courts juris-diction to consider the case. I am proud to have bipartisan sup-port for this bill to ensure that the opinion of the Senate is upheld and the safety of the American people prioritized through our continued membership in NATO. I strongly en-courage my colleagues in both the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives to support this legislation. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS SENATE RESOLUTION 594—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE GOV-ERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FED-ERATION’S ONGOING ATTACKS AGAINST THE UNITED STATES ELECTION SYSTEM TO UNDER-MINE OUR DEMOCRACY BY INTERFERING WITH OUR ELEC-TION SYSTEM, AND AFFIRMING THE SENATE’S UNEQUIVOCAL COMMITMENT TO HOLDING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION, PRESI-DENT PUTIN, AND THOSE WHO CARRIED OUT THE ATTACKS AC-COUNTABLE Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 594 Whereas, on January 6, 2017, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence pub-lished a report titled ‘‘Assessing Russian Ac-tivities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elec-tions,’’ noting that ‘‘Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence cam-paign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. Presidential election,’’ with a goal of undermining public faith in United States democratic processes, and that the Government of the Russian Fed-eration’s influence campaign followed a Rus-sian messaging strategy that blends covert intelligence operations—such as cyber activ-ity—with overt efforts by Russian Govern-ment agencies, state-funded media, third- party intermediaries, and paid social media users or ‘‘trolls’’; Whereas the findings of the investigation by the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate regarding election interference confirmed the intelligence community’s as-sessment that— (1) Russia attempted to influence the 2016 election and its actions were a significant es-calation in directness, level of activity, and scope; (2) Russia conducted cyber operations on United States political targets likely to shape future United States policies; (3) Russian-state actors and third-party intermediaries were responsible for the dis-semination of documents and communica-tions stolen from United States political or-ganizations; (4) the Government of the Russian Federa-tion used coordinated state platforms RT and Sputnik to advance its malign influence campaign during the 2016 United States pres-idential election; and (5) Russian intelligence leveraged social media in an attempt to amplify Kremlin messaging intended to sow social discord and to undermine the United States electoral process; Whereas, on July 13, 2018, the Department of Justice indicted 12 members of the Rus-sian military intelligence agency, Intel-ligence Directorate of the General Staff (GRU), for conspiracy to commit offenses against the United States during the 2016 election, noting in the indictment that the Russian officials conspired to hack ‘‘into the computers of U.S. persons and entities in-volved in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, steal documents from those computers, and stage releases of the stolen documents to interfere with the 2016 U.S. presidential elec-tion’’; Whereas the Senate passed the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act, (H.R. 3364, 115th Congress), by a vote of 98–2, in order to impose strong sanctions against the Government of the Russian Fed-eration for its well-documented efforts to un-dermine democratic institutions and elec-tions in the United States and Europe; Whereas, on May 8, 2017, former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testi-fied before the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate that ‘‘Russia is now emboldened to continue such activities in the future both here and around the world, and to do so even more intensely’’; Whereas, on Friday, July 13, 2018, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats re-affirmed that Russia is continuing its efforts to disrupt United States elections, noting, ‘‘Today, the digital infrastructure that serves this country is literally under attack . . . It was in the months prior to September 2001 when, according to then-CIA Director George Tenet, the system is blinking red. And here we are nearly two decades later, and I’m here to say, the warning lights are blinking red again,’’ and that Russia is the ‘‘most aggressive foreign actor, no question. And they continue their efforts to undermine our democracy.’’; Whereas, on July 16, 2018 Director of Na-tional Intelligence Coats reaffirmed United States intelligence conclusions, noting, ‘‘We have been clear in our assessments of Rus-sian meddling in the 2016 election and their ongoing, pervasive efforts to undermine our democracy.’’; Whereas the men and women in the United States Foreign Service, Armed Forces, intel-ligence agencies, civil service, and law en-forcement dedicate their careers to advanc-ing the interests of our country and home and abroad, including in some difficult and demanding locations such as Russia; Whereas these men and women serve hon-orably despite at times having to endure un-warranted harassing and hostile actions in performance of their duties; and Whereas bipartisan support in Congress is important, but there is no substitute for presidential leadership and action, and with-out it, the costs imposed will not be suffi-cient to deter Russia in the future: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) unequivocally agrees with the conclu-sions reached by the dedicated, non-partisan men and women at United States intel-ligence agencies that Vladimir Putin ordered an attack against the 2016 presidential elec-tion to influence and undermine faith in our democratic process and that United States elections remain a target for Russia; (2) views attacks against United States election infrastructure as representing a threat to the foundation of our democracy, and declares that protecting our elections is a national security priority; (3) views attempts by the Government of the Russian Federation or persons or entities associated with the Government of the Rus-sian Federation to hack and otherwise tam-per with United States election voting sys-tems, voter roll information, political party organizations, and State and local election administration officials as an attack on United States critical infrastructure; (4) reaffirms that it is the policy of the United States to defend against and respond to cyber-attacks against our election infra-structure, and declares that an attack on our election systems by a foreign power is a hos-tile act and should be met with appropriate retaliatory actions, including full implemen-tation of existing sanctions as well as new additional sanctions; (5) reaffirms that States are responsible for conducting elections, and Congress is com-mitted to providing resources, information, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.023 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5428 July 26, 2018 
and cybersecurity expertise to help improve the security of United States elections; (6) strongly supports State and local elec-tion officials who administer United States elections and the continued information sharing between those officials and the Fed-eral Government in order to protect the ad-ministration of elections; (7) reaffirms that the free, open, and fair administration of elections is a cornerstone of American democracy and that any at-tempts to interfere with election administra-tion is a threat to national security; (8) strongly urges President Trump to take all necessary steps to ensure the 12 Russian government officials and any other Russian nationals indicted by the Department of Jus-tice for interfering in the 2016 elections are extradited to the United States; and (9) strongly urges President Trump to pub-licly and unambiguously state that the United States Government will refuse all ef-forts by the Government of the Russian Fed-eration to question any current or former United States personnel. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 595—DESIG-NATING JULY 26, 2018, AS ‘‘UNITED STATES INTELLIGENCE PROFESSIONALS DAY’’ Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. K
ING, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 595 Whereas on July 26, 1908, Attorney General Charles Bonaparte ordered newly-hired Fed-eral investigators to report to the Office of the Chief Examiner of the Department of Justice, which subsequently was renamed the Federal Bureau of Investigation; Whereas on July 26, 1947, President Tru-man signed the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), creating the Depart-ment of Defense, the National Security Council, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, thereby laying the foundation for today’s intelligence com-munity; Whereas the National Security Act of 1947, which appears in title 50, United States Code, governs the definition, composition, responsibilities, authorities, and oversight of the intelligence community of the United States; Whereas the intelligence community is de-fined by section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003) to include the Of-fice of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Na-tional Security Agency, the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, the National Geospatial-In-telligence Agency, the National Reconnais-sance Office, other offices within the Depart-ment of Defense for the collection of special-ized national intelligence through reconnais-sance programs, the intelligence elements of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Ma-rine Corps, the Coast Guard, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Department of En-ergy, the Bureau of Intelligence and Re-search of the Department of State, the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Depart-ment of the Treasury, the elements of the Department of Homeland Security concerned with the analysis of intelligence informa-tion, and other elements as may be des-ignated; Whereas July 26, 2018, is the 71st anniver-sary of the signing of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); Whereas the Intelligence Reform and Ter-rorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 118 Stat. 3638) created the position of the Director of National Intelligence to serve as the head of the intelligence community and to ensure that national intelligence be timely, objective, independent of political considerations, and based upon all sources available; Whereas Congress has previously passed joint resolutions, signed by the President, to designate Peace Officers Memorial Day on May 15, Patriot Day on September 11, and other commemorative occasions, to honor the sacrifices of law enforcement officers and of those who lost their lives on September 11, 2001; Whereas the United States has increas-ingly relied upon the men and women of the intelligence community to protect and de-fend the security of the United States in the years since the attacks of September 11, 2001; Whereas the men and women of the intel-ligence community, both civilian and mili-tary, have been increasingly called upon to deploy to theaters of war in Iraq, Afghani-stan, and elsewhere since September 11, 2001; Whereas numerous intelligence officers of the elements of the intelligence community have been injured or killed in the line of duty; Whereas intelligence officers of the United States are routinely called upon to accept personal hardship and sacrifice in the fur-therance of their mission to protect the United States, to undertake dangerous as-signments in the defense of the interests of the United States, to collect reliable infor-mation within prescribed legal authorities upon which the leaders of the United States rely in life-and-death situations, and to ‘‘speak truth to power’’ by providing their best assessments to decision makers, regard-less of political and policy considerations; Whereas the men and women of the intel-ligence community have on numerous occa-sions succeeded in preventing attacks upon the United States and allies of the United States, saving numerous innocent lives; and Whereas intelligence officers of the United States must of necessity often remain un-known and unrecognized for their substan-tial achievements and successes: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 26, 2018, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Professionals Day’’; (2) acknowledges the courage, fidelity, sac-rifice, and professionalism of the men and women of the intelligence community of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to observe this day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 596—RECOG-NIZING THE 29TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TRIBAL CANOE JOURNEY OF THE TRIBAL NATIONS OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST AND CONGRATULATING THE PUY-ALLUP TRIBE OF INDIANS FOR HOSTING THE 2018 POWER PAD-DLE TO PUYALLUP Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Mrs. M
URRAY , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs: S. R ES. 596 Whereas 2018 marks the 29th anniversary of the first Tribal Canoe Journey, held in Se-attle, Washington; Whereas the Puyallup Tribe of Indians is hosting the Tribal Canoe Journey for a sec-ond time with the 2018 Power Paddle to Puy-allup; Whereas, in 2018, more than 100 Tribal ca-noes, representing more than 60 Tribal Na-tions from across the United States and Can-ada, will travel along the Pacific Ocean, the Salish Sea, and the Puget Sound to arrive at the shores of the territory of the Puyallup Tribe; Whereas the theme of the 2018 Power Pad-dle to Puyallup is ‘‘Honoring our Medicine’’, which is a reminder of the importance of the Pacific Ocean, the Salish Sea, and the Puget Sound to the culture and economy of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest; and Whereas the Tribal Canoe Journey is a celebration of the resilient culture and way of life of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest and Tribal Nations across the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the 29th anniversary of the Tribal Canoe Journey; (2) acknowledges that the Tribal Canoe Journey is a vital part of the fabric and cul-ture of the Tribal Nations of the Pacific Northwest; and (3) congratulates the Puyallup Tribe of In-dians for hosting the 2018 Power Paddle to Puyallup. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 3613. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. C ASEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appro-priations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3614. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3615. Mr. JONES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3616. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3617. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3618. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3619. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3620. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3621. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amendment intended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.018 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5429 July 26, 2018 
to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3622. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3623. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3624. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3625. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3626. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Mr. S
ANDERS , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3627. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3628. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1182, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint com-memorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. SA 3629. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3628 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 1182, supra. SA 3630. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1182 , supra. SA 3631. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3630 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 1182, supra. SA 3632. Mr. McCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3631 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 3630 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 1182, supra. SA 3633. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3634. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3635. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3636. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3637. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3638. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3639. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. SHELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3640. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3641. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3642. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3643. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. K
AINE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3644. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3645. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3646. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3647. Mr. WICKER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3648. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3649. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3650. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Ms. H ASSAN , and Mr. K ING) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3651. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3652. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3653. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3654. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3655. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. W ARNER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. SHELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3656. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3657. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3658. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3659. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. M URRAY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3660. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3661. Mr. COONS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 3662. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3663. Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 3664. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4318, to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily cer-tain rates of duty. SA 3665. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY  to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 3613. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 18, strike the period and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 9(a) of the United States Semiquincentennial Commission Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–196; 130 Stat. 691), $500,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be provided to the organi-zation selected under section 9(b) of that Act for expenditure by the United States Semiquincentennial Commission in accord-ance with that Act.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.030 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5430 July 26, 2018 
SA 3614. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall issue a report on efforts by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the removal of lead-based paint and other hazardous materials, which shall include— (1) a description of direct removal efforts by the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency; (2) a description of education provided by the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment and the Environmental Protection Agency to other Federal agencies, local gov-ernments and communities, recipients of grants made by either entity, and the gen-eral public relating to the removal of lead- based paint and other hazardous materials; (3) a description of assistance received from other Federal agencies relating to the removal of lead-based paint and other haz-ardous materials; and (4) any best practices developed or pro-vided by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the removal of lead-based paint and other hazardous mate-rials. 
SA 3615. Mr. JONES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Small Business Administration shall conduct a study on whether the provision of match-making services that, using data collected through outside entities such as local cham-bers of commerce, link veteran entre-preneurs to business leads in given industry sectors or geographic regions, would enhance the existing veterans entrepreneurship pro-grams of the Administration. 
SA 3616. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title IV of division A, add the following: RIVERS OF STEEL NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA , 
ESSEX NATIONAL HERITAGE AREA , AND OHIO  
AND ERIE NATIONAL HERITAGE CANALWAY  S
EC. 43lll. Division II of the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 (54 U.S.C. 320101 note; Public Law 104– 333) is amended in sections 409(a) (110 Stat. 4256; 129 Stat. 2551), 508(a) (110 Stat. 4260; 129 Stat. 2551), and 812(a) (110 Stat. 4275; 129 Stat. 2551), by striking ‘‘$17,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$19,000,000’’. 
SA 3617. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 464, line 4, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this head-ing and the heading ‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’, not more than $500,000 shall be made available to provide a discount of not less than 15 percent on passenger fares to members of the public benefit corporation Veterans Advantage.’’. 
SA 3618. Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 142, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: 
PROHIBITION OF USE OF FUNDS TO RELOCATE  
ANY FUNCTION OF THE CAPTAIN JOHN SMITH  
CHESAPEAKE NATIONAL HISTORIC TRAIL PRO -
GRAM  S
EC. 433. Effective on January 1, 2018, none of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Interior to relocate any function of the Captain John Smith Chesapeake National Historic Trail program. 
SA 3619. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$132,673,000’’. On page 136, line 21, strike ‘‘$670,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$672,000,000’’. On page 137, line 5, strike ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$31,000,000’’. On page 137, line 14, strike ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$16,000,000’’. 
SA 3620. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 357, after line 14, add the fol-lowing: Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, in carrying out any discretionary grant or funding program using funds pro-vided under this heading, the Secretary of Agriculture shall give priority to providing broadband funding to areas in the United States that, as determined by the Secretary, have challenging topography and face addi-tional barriers to broadband deployment due to higher costs for infrastructure buildout. 
SA 3621. Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Within Available funds, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall issue a report on efforts by the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency relating to the removal of lead- based paint and other hazardous materials, which shall include— (1) a description of direct removal efforts by the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment and the Environmental Protec-tion Agency; (2) a description of education provided by the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment and the Environmental Protection Agency to other Federal agencies, local gov-ernments and communities, recipients of grants made by either entity, and the gen-eral public relating to the removal of lead- based paint and other hazardous materials; (3) a description of assistance received from other Federal agencies relating to the removal of lead-based paint and other haz-ardous materials; and (4) any best practices developed or pro-vided by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the removal of lead-based paint and other hazardous mate-rials. 
SA 3622. Mr. BOOKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title VII of di-vision C, insert the following: S
EC. 7llll. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences— (1) to carry out a study of the functional effectiveness of wildlife damage management methods of the Department of Agriculture; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.021 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5431 July 26, 2018 
(2) to make recommendations to the Sec-retary based on the results of the study car-ried out under paragraph (1). (b)(1) Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the func-tional effectiveness of each method used by the Department of Agriculture to proactively or reactively protect property, game, or fish. (2) The report and any revision to the re-port prepared under paragraph (3) shall— (A) incorporate any recommendations made under subsection (a)(2); and (B) comply with— (i) the scientific integrity policy of the De-partment of Agriculture; (ii) Executive Order 13642 (78 Fed. Reg. 28111 (May 14, 2013)); (iii) section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’); (iv) subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’); (v) section 515 of appendix C of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2001 (commonly known as the ‘‘Data Quality Act’’) (44 U.S.C. 3516 note; Public Law 106–554); (vi) section 3729 of title 31, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘False Claims Act’’); and (vii) any other applicable laws (including regulations) and procedures and policies re-lating to the handling of documents. (3) Not later than 2 years after the date on which the report is submitted under para-graph (2) and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— (A) revise the report submitted under that paragraph; (B) make available for public comment the revised report; and (C) submit the revised report to Congress for review. 
SA 3623. Mr. CRUZ (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In the matter under the heading ‘‘ SALARIES  
AND EXPENSES ’’ under the heading ‘‘B UREAU  
OF THE FISCAL SERVICE ’’ under the heading ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY’’ in title I of division B, insert ‘‘: Provided, That none of the funds made available to the Bu-reau of the Fiscal Service under this Act may be used to make a payment from amounts appropriated under section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, to a state spon-sor of terrorism, as defined in section 1605A(h) of title 28, United States Code’’ after ‘‘expenses’’. 
SA 3624. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. (a) None of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available under this Act may be obligated or expended by the Department of the Interior, the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the Forest Serv-ice, the Indian Health Service, the Smithso-nian Institution, or any Federal agency for which amounts are appropriated by division B or D of this Act, to acquire telecommuni-cations or video surveillance equipment pro-duced by Huawei Technologies Company, ZTE Corporation, Hytera Communications Corporation, Ltd., Hangzhou Hikvision Dig-ital Technology Company, Ltd., or Dahua Technology Company, Ltd. (or any sub-sidiary or affiliate of any of such entities), or a high-impact or moderate-impact informa-tion system, as defined for security cat-egorization in the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s (NIST) Federal Information Processing Standard Publica-tion 199, ‘‘Standards for Security Categoriza-tion of Federal Information and Information Systems’’, unless the agency has— (1) reviewed the supply chain risk for the information systems against criteria devel-oped by NIST to inform acquisition decisions for high-impact and moderate-impact infor-mation systems within the Federal Govern-ment; (2) reviewed the supply chain risk from the presumptive awardee against available and relevant threat information provided by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and other appropriate agencies; and (3) in consultation with the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other appropriate Federal entity, conducted an assessment of any risk of cyber-espionage or sabotage associated with the acquisition of such system, includ-ing any risk associated with such system being produced, manufactured, or assembled by one or more entities identified by the United States Government as posing a cyber threat, including but not limited to, those that may be owned, directed, or subsidized by the People’s Republic of China, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea, or the Russian Fed-eration. (b) Section 432(a) of division A of this Act, section 632(a) of division B of this Act, and section 420(a) of division D of this Act shall have no force or effect. SA 3625. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self and Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 79, line 13, strike ‘‘$27,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$22,000,000’’. On page 79, line 14, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and $5,000,000 shall be for grants for lead testing in school and child care program drinking water authorized in section 2107 of the Water Infrastructure Im-provements for the Nation Act (Public Law 114–322).’’. 
SA 3626. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self, Mr. S
ANDERS , and Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place in title IV of divi-sion A, insert the following: S
EC. 4ll. No funds made available under this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 may be used to close, consolidate, or elimi-nate a regional or program office of the En-vironmental Protection Agency. 
SA 3627. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 167, between lines 22 and 23, insert the following: S
EC. 129. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury (in this section referred to as ‘‘FinCEN’’), in consultation with other appropriate ele-ments of the Department, shall submit to Congress a report on the efforts of FinCEN to identify and combat trade-based money laundering, including an assessment of— (1) the type of data FinCEN collects on trade-based money laundering; (2) how FinCEN uses that data and which agencies FinCEN shares the data with in order to combat trade-based money laun-dering; (3) whether FinCEN needs additional au-thorities to combat trade-based money laun-dering; (4) whether FinCEN and other elements of the Department have all the necessary tools to identify and combat trade-based money laundering, including tools relating to big data and necessary platforms to house the data; and (5) what level of priority FinCEN gives to identifying and combating trade-based money laundering. 
SA 3628. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1182, to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recogni-tion of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This Act shall take effect 1 day after the date of enactment.’’ 
SA 3629. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3628 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 1182, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anni-versary of The American Legion; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 days’’ 
SA 3630. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1182, to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recogni-tion of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion; as follows: 
At the end add the following. ‘‘This act shall be effective 3 days after en-actment.’’ 
SA 3631. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3630 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 1182, to require the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.048 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5432 July 26, 2018 
Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anni-versary of The American Legion; as fol-lows: 
Strike ‘‘3 days’’ and insert ‘‘4 days’’ 
SA 3632. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an amendment to amendment SA 3631 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 3630 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill S. 1182, to re-quire the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recogni-tion of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion; as follows: 
Strike ‘‘4’’ and insert ‘‘5’’ 
SA 3633. Mr. CARDIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. The Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall— (1) work with Federal agencies to review each Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization’s efforts to comply with the requirements under section 15(k) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644(k)); and (2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives— (A) a report on Federal agency compliance with the requirements under such section 15(k); and (B) a report detailing the status of issuance by the Small Business Administra-tion of detailed guidance for the peer review process of the Small Business Procurement Advisory Council in order to facilitate a more in depth review of Federal agency com-pliance with the requirements under such section 15(k). 
SA 3634. Mr. CRUZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 520, line 4, strike ‘‘safety.’’ and in-sert ‘‘safety: Provided further, That the mat-ter under this heading in the Continuing Ap-propriations Act, 2018 and Supplemental Ap-propriations for Disaster Relief Require-ments Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 115–56) is amended by inserting ‘Provided fur-ther, That the Secretary may waive the re-quirements that activities benefit persons of low and moderate income, except that at least 50 percent of the funds under this head-ing must benefit primarily persons of low and moderate income unless the Secretary makes a finding of compelling need:’ after the eighth proviso: Provided further, That the matter under this heading in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (title XI of division B of Public Law 115–123) is amended by inserting ‘Provided further, That the Secretary may waive the requirements that activities ben-efit persons of low and moderate income, ex-cept that at least 50 percent of the funds under this heading must benefit primarily persons of low and moderate income unless the Secretary makes a finding of compelling need:’ after the eighteenth proviso.’’. SA 3635. Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 51, line 25, strike ‘‘$56,735,000’’ and insert ‘‘$52,735,000’’. On page 142, between lines 16 and 17, insert the following: 
APPLICATION OF BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT  
RULE  S
EC. 433. (a) In this section, the term ‘‘project’’ means a system described in sec-tion 2801.9(a)(4) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of en-actment of this Act). (b) None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used to apply the rule of the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Com-petitive Processes, Terms, and Conditions for Leasing Public Lands for Solar and Wind En-ergy Development and Technical Changes and Corrections’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 92122 (Decem-ber 19, 2016)) to a project that applied for a right-of-way under section 501 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761) on or before December 19, 2016. (c) The owner of a project that applied for a right-of-way under section 501 of the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761) on or before December 19, 2016, shall be obligated to pay with respect to the right-of-way all rents and fees in effect before the effective date of the rule described in subsection (b). 
SA 3636. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division A, add the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used to repeal sec-tion 105(a)(2) or section 105(b) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432). 
SA 3637. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. lll. The Securities Investor Protec-tion Corporation shall use amounts from the fund established under section 4(a) of the Se-curities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78ddd(a)) to establish an electronic system for the filing of a claim under the Se-curities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 78aaa et seq.). SA 3638. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. P
ERDUE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the matter under the heading ‘‘
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —GENERAL SERV -
ICES ADMINISTRATION (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF  
FUNDS) ’’, add the following: S
EC. 527. None of the funds made available to the General Services Administration under this Act may be used to award a con-tract to an insured depository institution, as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813), if the insured depository institution avoids doing business with certain industries that are in compli-ance with the law (including regulations) based strictly on social policy consider-ations. 
SA 3639. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 258, after line 3, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. 634. Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this division— (1) the total amount provided under the heading ‘‘
FEDERAL DRUG CONTROL PROGRAMS  
HIGH INTENSITY DRUG TRAFFICKING AREAS PRO -
GRAM (INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) ’’under the heading ‘‘O
FFICE OF NATIONAL DRUGCON-
TROL POLICY ’’ under the heading ‘‘EXECU-TIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT AND FUNDS APPROPRIATED TO THE PRESI-DENT’’ in title II shall be increased by $5,000,000; and (2) under the heading ‘‘
REAL PROPERTY AC -
TIVITIES FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND LIMITA -
TIONS ON AVAILIABILITY OF REVENUE (INCLUD -
ING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS) ’’under the heading ‘‘G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION ’’ under the heading ‘‘INDEPENDENT AGENCIES’’ in title V— (A) the aggregate amount shall be reduced by $5,000,000; and (B) the amount in paragraph (3) shall be re-duced by $5,000,000. 
SA 3640. Mr. KENNEDY (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.040 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5433 July 26, 2018 
SEC. ll. Section 2102 of the RISE After Disaster Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–88; 129 Stat. 690) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; and (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c). 
SA 3641. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division D, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, acting through the Ad-ministrator of the Maritime Administration, shall prepare and submit a report, to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, on the training ship Cadet-to-Berth ratio at each State Maritime Academy. 
SA 3642. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division C, in-sert the following: S
EC. ll. (a) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and 180 days thereafter, the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall— (1) prepare a report detailing— (A) the efforts of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Judicial Conference of the United States to imple-ment each of the recommendations in the re-port entitled ‘‘Report of the Federal Judici-ary Workplace Conduct Working Group to the Judicial Conference of the United States’’, dated June 1, 2018; and (B) the efforts of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts and the Judicial Conference of the United States to inves-tigate sexual harassment, discrimination on the basis of sex, and other sexual mis-conduct, in the judicial branch; and (2) submit the report to— (A) the Committees on Appropriations and on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives; and (B) the Committees on Appropriations and on the Judiciary of the Senate. (b) Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall— (1) prepare a report— (A) providing, to the extent practicable, data, for the most recent 10 years for which data are available, on the number of individ-uals who were interviewed for positions as a covered law clerk, and the number of those individuals who were hired as a covered law clerk, disaggregated by sex, and by the eth-nic and the racial categories in the 2010 de-cennial census (or similar categories); and (B) analyzing year-to-year trends in that data; and (2) make the report publicly available. (c) In this section, the term ‘‘covered law clerk’’ means a law clerk for a justice, judge, or magistrate judge of the United States. SA 3643. Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , and Mr. K AINE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: S
EC. ll. Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of any department or agency funded in this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations and the relevant authorizing committees of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report detailing the actions taken or to be taken to eliminate sexual harassment and address related issues, including those docu-mented in the 2016 Merit Principles Survey published by the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
SA 3644. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I of division B, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. None of the funds made avail-able by this Act may be used by the Internal Revenue Service to permanently remove any automated external defibrillator that is lo-cated in any office of the Internal Revenue Service as of January 1, 2018. 
SA 3645. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 487, between lines 13 and 14, insert the following: S
EC. 1ll. (a) Subject to subsections (c) and (d), none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Transportation by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended to enforce or require the enforcement of section 127(a) of title 23, United States Code, with respect to a segment described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) if the segment is designated as a route of the Interstate System. (b) The segments referred to in subsection (a) are the following: (1) The William H. Natcher Parkway (to be designated as a spur of Interstate Route 65) from Interstate Route 65 in Bowling Green, Kentucky, to United States Route 60 in Owensboro, Kentucky. (2) The Julian M. Carroll (Purchase) Park-way (to be designated as Interstate Route 69) in the State of Kentucky from the Tennessee State line to the interchange with Interstate Route 24, near Calvert City, Kentucky. (c) Only a vehicle that could operate le-gally on a segment described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) before the date of des-ignation of the segment as a route of the Interstate System may continue to operate on that segment, subject to the condition that, except as provided in subsection (d), the gross vehicle weight of such a vehicle shall not exceed 120,000 pounds. (d) Nothing in this section prohibits a State from issuing a permit for a nondivis-ible load or vehicle with a gross vehicle weight that exceeds 120,000 pounds. SA 3646. Mr. BOOZMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division A, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. (a) Within available funds for the National Forest System, the Secretary of Agriculture shall conduct an inventory and evaluation of certain land, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Flatside Wil-derness Adjacent Inventory Areas’’ and dated November 30, 2017, to determine the suitability of that land for inclusion in the National Wilderness Preservation System. (b) The Chief of the Forest Service shall submit to the Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Appropriations, and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of the inventory and evaluation required under subsection (a). 
SA 3647. Mr. WICKER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 344, line 4, strike ‘‘needs.’’ and in-sert ‘‘needs: Provided further, That of amounts made available under this heading, $20,000,000 shall be provided for rental assist-ance under section 521 of the Housing Act of 1949, which shall be designated as supple-mental servicing rental assistance to assist residents financed with a mortgage loan under section 515 of the Housing Act of 1949 to help address ongoing operating expenses and capital improvements, including the use of private activity bonds and low-income housing tax credits to acquire and rehabili-tate properties at risk of leaving the pro-gram under such section 515: Provided further, That not less than $10,000,000 of amounts made available under this heading shall be provided for the preservation of properties assisted under such section 515 to prevent loss through prepayment or foreclosure: Pro- vided further, That when the Secretary recap-tures rental assistance, removes rental as-sistance from a property, or recaptures rent-al assistance when a unit receiving rental as-sistance is lost through prepayment, matu-rity, or foreclosure, the Secretary shall apply that rental assistance as supplemental servicing rental assistance to remaining properties assisted under such section 515, with priority given to properties in rural counties designated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency as high-needs counties for duty to serve purposes.’’. 
SA 3648. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.035 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5434 July 26, 2018 
amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 414, line 24, strike the closing pe-riod and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this head-ing, $20,000,000 shall be for advanced digital construction management systems for the Accelerated Innovation Deployment Dem-onstration program of the Department of Transportation developed under section 503(c) of title 23, United States Code.’’. 
SA 3649. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 414, line 24, strike ‘‘determines’’ and insert the following: ‘‘determines: Pro- vided further, That funds provided for na-tional infrastructure investments for pas-senger rail transportation projects under title I of division C of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–55; 125 Stat. 641), may be ex-pended until September 30, 2019: Provided fur-ther, That funds provided for national infra-structure investment for port infrastructure projects under title VIII of division F of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appro-priations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6; 127 Stat. 432) shall be September 30, 2020.’’. 
SA 3650. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. K ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in Division A, in-sert the following: 
SEC. ll. ADDRESSING PEDIATRIC CANCER RATES IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) R EPORT IDENTIFYING GEOGRAPHIC VARI-
ATION OF TYPES OF PEDIATRIC CANCER .—Using funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Toxic Substances and Environmental Health’’ for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, shall submit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, a report that pro-vides details on the geographic variation in pediatric cancer incidence in the United States, including— (1) the types of pediatric cancer within each of the 10 States with the highest age- adjusted incidence rate of cancer among per-sons aged 20 years or younger; (2) geographic concentrations of types and prevalence of pediatric cancers within each such State, in accordance with Centers for Disease Control and Prevention guidelines; and (3) an update on current activities related to pediatric cancer, including with respect to carrying out section 399V–6 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g–17). (b) SUPPORT FOR STATES WITHHIGHINCI-
DENCE OF PEDIATRIC CANCER .—Using funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Toxic Sub-stances and Environmental Public Health’’ for the Agency for Toxic Substances and Dis-ease Registry, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may conduct public out-reach, in collaboration with State depart-ments of health, particularly in the 10 States with the highest age-adjusted incidence rate of cancer among persons aged 20 years or younger, to improve awareness by residents, clinicians, and others, as appropriate, of pos-sible contributing factors to pediatric can-cer, including environmental exposures, in a manner that is complementary of, and does not conflict with, ongoing pediatric cancer- related activities supported by the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. (c) P
RIVACY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall ensure that all infor-mation with respect to patients that is con-tained in the reports under this section is de- identified and protects personal privacy of such patients in accordance with applicable Federal and State privacy law. 
SA 3651. Mr. MURPHY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in division B, in-sert the following: S
EC. lll. The Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with relevant regulators, shall conduct a study that— (1) examines the financial impact of the mineral pyrrhotite in concrete home founda-tions; and (2) provides recommendations on regu-latory and legislative actions needed to help mitigate the financial impact described in paragraph (1) on banks, mortgage lenders, tax revenues, and homeowners. 
SA 3652. Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title IV of divi-sion A, insert the following: 
HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM AND HYPOXIA RE -
SEARCH AND CONTROL ACT OF 1998 AMEND -
MENTS  S
EC. 4ll. (a) Except as otherwise ex-pressly provided, wherever in this section an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hy-poxia Research and Control Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (b) Section 603(a) (33 U.S.C. 4001(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (13) as para-graph (14); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (12) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(13) the Army Corps of Engineers; and’’. (c) Section 603 (33 U.S.C. 4001) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (f); (2) by redesignating subsections (g), (h), (i), and (j) as subsections (f), (g), (h), and (i), re-spectively; and (3) by amending subsection (g) (as so redes-ignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) SCIENTIFIC ASSESSMENTS OF MARINE  
ANDFRESHWATER HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less than once every 5 years the Task Force shall complete and submit to Congress a scientific assessment of harmful algal blooms in United States coast-al waters and freshwater systems. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—Each assessment under paragraph (1) shall examine both marine and freshwater harmful algal blooms, including those in the Great Lakes and upper reaches of estuaries, those in freshwater lakes and rivers, and those that originate in freshwater lakes or rivers and migrate to coastal waters.’’. (d)(1) Section 603A(e) (33 U.S.C. 4002(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing to local and regional stakeholders through the establishment and maintenance of a publicly accessible Internet website that provides information as to Program activi-ties completed under this section’’ after ‘‘Program’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) to accelerate the utilization of effec-tive methods of intervention and mitigation to reduce the frequency, severity, and im-pacts of harmful algal bloom and hypoxia events;’’; (iv) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and work cooperatively with’’ and inserting ‘‘, and work cooperatively to provide technical as-sistance to,’’; and (v) in paragraph (7)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and extension’’ after ‘‘ex-isting education’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘intervention,’’ after ‘‘awareness of the causes, impacts,’’. (2) Section 603A(f) (33 U.S.C. 4002(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, which shall include unmanned systems,’’ after ‘‘in-frastructure’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (6)(C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) use cost effective methods in carrying out this Act; and ‘‘(8) develop contingency plans for the long-term monitoring of hypoxia.’’. (e) Section 102 of the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Amendments Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 4001a) is amended by striking ‘‘the amendments made by this title’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998’’. (f)(1) In this subsection: (A) The term ‘‘appropriate Federal offi-cial’’ means— (i) in the case of a marine or coastal hy-poxia or harmful algal bloom event, the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.036 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5435 July 26, 2018 
(ii) in the case of a freshwater hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event, the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency. (B) The term ‘‘event of national signifi-cance’’ means a hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event that has had or will likely have a significant detrimental environmental, economic, subsistence use, or public health impact on an affected State. (C) The term ‘‘hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event’’ means the occurrence of hy-poxia or a harmful algal bloom as a result of a natural, anthropogenic, or undetermined cause. (2)(A) On a determination under paragraph (3) that there is an event of national signifi-cance, the appropriate Federal official is au-thorized to make sums available to the af-fected State or local government for the pur-poses of assessing and mitigating the detri-mental environmental, economic, subsist-ence use, and public health effects of the event of national significance. (B) The Federal share of the cost of any ac-tivity carried out under this subsection for the purposes described in subparagraph (A) may not exceed 50 percent of the cost of that activity. (C)(i) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an appropriate Federal official may accept donations of funds, services, facili-ties, materials, or equipment that the appro-priate Federal official considers necessary for the purposes described in subparagraph (A). (ii) Any funds donated to an appropriate Federal official under this paragraph may be expended without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation. (3)(A) At the discretion of an appropriate Federal official, or at the request of the Gov-ernor of an affected State, an appropriate Federal official shall determine whether a hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event is an event of national significance. (B) In making a determination under sub-paragraph (A), the appropriate Federal offi-cial shall consider the toxicity of the harm-ful algal bloom, the severity of the hypoxia, its potential to spread, the economic impact, the relative size in relation to the past 5 oc-currences of harmful algal blooms or hypoxia events that occur on a recurrent or annual basis, and the geographic scope, including the potential to affect several municipali-ties, to affect more than 1 State, or to cross an international boundary. (g) Section 609(a) (33 U.S.C. 4009(a)) is amended— (1) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘; and’’; (2) by striking ‘‘603B $20,500,000’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘603B— ‘‘(1) $20,500,000’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) $22,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SA 3653. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. S
CHATZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I of divi-sion A, add the following: 
SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO THE NEED TO  
UNDERSTAND AND RESPOND TO THE HEALTH  
CARE NEEDS OF THE CITIZENS OF COMPACT OF  
FREE ASSOCIATION NATIONS IN THE UNITED  
STATES  S
EC. 1lll. (a) Congress finds that— (1) the United States has entered into mu-tually-beneficial Compacts of Free Associa-tion with the governments of the Federated States of Micronesia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Republic of Palau (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Compact of Free Association Nations’’); (2) as a result of the mutually-beneficial Compacts of Free Association, the citizens of the Compact of Free Association Nations are entitled to travel to, work in, and otherwise live in the United States; (3) the number of citizens of Compact of Free Association Nations living in the United States and territories of the United States has grown, particularly in Hawaii and Guam; (4) because of the unique relationship be-tween the United States and the Compact of Free Association Nations, information on the number of citizens of Compact of Free Association Nations that access the health care programs and services of States, terri-tories of the United States, and local juris-dictions is difficult to quantify; and (5) to better meet the needs of citizens of Compact of Free Association Nations and the communities that host the citizens of Com-pact of Free Association Nations, it is in the interest of the Federal Government to de-velop a more complete understanding of— (A) the estimated costs to States, terri-tories of the United States, and local juris-dictions of providing health care services for citizens of Compact of Free Association Na-tions in the United States; (B) projections with respect to ways in which the number of citizens of Compact of Free Association Nations and the health care needs of citizens of Compact of Free Associa-tion Nations in the United States may change over the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act; and (C) recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative actions to address the health care needs of citizens of Compact of Free As-sociation Nations in the United States. (b) It is the sense of Congress that the Sec-retary of the Interior should— (1) not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, consult with the heads of other Federal agencies with the nec-essary expertise and resources for assistance in developing— (A) a plan for assessing the current and fu-ture health care needs of citizens of Compact of Free Association Nations residing in the United States; and (B) recommendations for legislative or ad-ministrative actions to address the needs as-sessed under subparagraph (A); and (2) not later than 30 days after the date on which the consultations have been com-pleted under paragraph (1), submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on the plan developed under paragraph (1)(A), including the estimated time and cost for the assessment provided for under the plan. SA 3654. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$132,173,000’’. On page 67, line 18, strike ‘‘$41,489,000’’ and insert ‘‘$43,989,000’’. SA 3655. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. W
ARNER ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 327, line 10, strike ‘‘That the Food’’ and all that follows through ‘‘ Provided further,’’ on line 14. 
SA 3656. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 10, line 18, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That not less than $96,520,000 shall be used for recov-ery of species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), of which not less than $4,500,000 shall be used for the recovery of species at the greatest risk of ex-tinction.’’. 
SA 3657. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 30, line 12, strike ‘‘$2,403,890,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,405,890,000’’. On page 31, line 25, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be made available to provide additional funding for hiring staff for tribal detention facilities, with priority for funding given to regional tribal detention facilities serving 3 or more Indian tribes.’’. On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$132,673,000’’. 
SA 3658. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Ms. W ARREN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 571, between lines 22 and 23, insert the following: S
EC. 237. (a) In the case of a contract for project-based assistance that terminates, if the Secretary does not transfer the assist-ance under section 210, the Secretary shall transfer the assistance to 1 or more other multifamily housing projects in accordance with the conditions under section 210(c), ef-fective— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.041 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5436 July 26, 2018 
(1) as of the date of termination of the con-tract; or (2) if the Secretary is unable to comply with those conditions by the date on which the contract terminates, as soon as prac-ticable after that date. (b) The Secretary shall maintain a publicly available list of multifamily housing projects that are eligible for project-based assistance for purposes of transfers under subsection (a). (c) In this section, the terms ‘‘multifamily housing project’’ and ‘‘project-based assist-ance’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 210(d). 
SA 3659. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. M
URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, en-vironment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 296, after line 6, add the following: S
EC. 751. None of the funds made available under this Act may be used by the Office of Personnel Management or any other execu-tive branch agency for the development, pro-mulgation, modification, or implementation of any Executive Order, rule, or guidance that would remove administrative law judges from the competitive service or place admin-istrative law judges in the excepted service. 
SA 3660. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 83, between lines 12 and 13, insert the following: The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall coordinate with the Chairman of the Federal Trade Commis-sion— (1) to harmonize the definition of the term ‘‘flex fuel’’ for purposes of the programs and authorities of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Federal Trade Commission; and (2) to enforce the prohibition under section 211(h)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(h)(1)) on the sale of any gasoline-ethanol blend that contains greater than 10 percent, but not more than 15 percent, ethanol by vol-ume as a flex fuel. SA 3661. Mr. COONS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 41, line 4, strike the period at the end and insert the following: ‘‘: Provided fur-ther, That within available amounts provided under this heading, the Secretary of the In-terior shall designate the rest area bound by Alexandria Avenue, West Boulevard Drive, and the George Washington Memorial Park-way on the Mount Vernon Trail within the George Washington Memorial Parkway as the ‘Peter B. Webster III Memorial Area’ and any reference in a law, map regulation, docu-ment, paper, or other record of the United States to the rest area shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘Peter B. Webster III Me-morial Area’; Provided further, That the Sec-retary of the Interior shall accept and ex-pend private contributions for the design, procurement, preparation, and installation of a plaque honoring Peter B. Webster III on the condition that the Director of the Na-tional Park Service shall approve the design and placement of the plaque.’’. 
SA 3662. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 proposed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 30, line 12, strike ‘‘$2,403,890,000’’ and insert ‘‘$2,405,890,000’’. On page 31, line 25, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this head-ing, not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be made available to provide additional funding for hiring staff for tribal detention facilities, with priority for funding given to regional tribal detention facilities serving 3 or more Indian tribes.’’. On page 40, line 7, strike ‘‘$134,673,000’’ and insert ‘‘$132,673,000’’. 
SA 3663. Mr. BLUMENTHAL sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 464, line 4, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this head-ing and the heading ‘National Network Grants to the National Railroad Passenger Corporation’, not more than $500,000 shall be made available to provide a discount of not less than 15 percent on passenger fares to members of the public benefit corporation Veterans Advantage.’’. 
SA 3664. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 4318, to amend the Har-monized Tariff Schedule of the United States to modify temporarily certain rates of duty; as follows: 
Strike sections 324, 372, and 1118. Strike section 1274 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1274. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $3 BUT NOT OVER $6.50 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.03 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, with foxing or foxing-like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair, the foregoing other than sports foot-wear and protective, waterproof or slip-on type footwear (provided for in subheading 6402.91.70) .................................................................................. Free No change No chang e On or be-fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Strike section 1275 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1275. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $6.50 BUT NOT OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.04 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (other than sports footwear), with foxing or foxing like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $6.50 but not over $12.00 per pair, not of the protective, waterproof or slip-on type (provided for in sub-heading 6402.91.80) ....................................................................................... Free No change No cha nge On or be-fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Strike section 1305 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1305. SKI BOOTS AND SNOWBOARD BOOTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.042 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5437 July 26, 2018 
‘‘ 9902.14.34 Ski boots, cross country ski footwear or snowboard boots, constructed with a forward-leaning upper or designed to attach securely to skis or a snowboard by means of bindings, the foregoing valued over $12/pair, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) ........................ Free No change No change On or be- fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Strike sections 1389, 1399, 1564, and 1565. Strike section 1665 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1665. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘July 21, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘October 13, 2027’’. 
SA 3665. Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. G
ARDNER , and Mr. B ENNET ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 3399 pro-posed by Mr. S
HELBY to the bill H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 464, line 24, strike ‘‘regulation.’’ and insert the following: ‘‘regulation: Pro- vided further, That not less than $50,000,000 of the amount provided under this heading shall be for capital expenses related to safety improvements, maintenance, and the non- Federal match for discretionary Federal grant programs to enable continued pas-senger rail operations on long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) on which Amtrak is the sole tenant of the host railroad and positive train control systems are not required by law (including regulations): Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used by Amtrak to give no-tice under subsection (a) or (b) of section 24706 of title 49, United States Code, with re-spect to long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) on which Amtrak is the sole tenant of the host railroad and positive train control sys-tems are not required by law (including regu-lations), or otherwise initiate discontinu-ance of, reduce the frequency of, suspend, or substantially alter the schedule or route of rail service on any portion of such route op-erated in fiscal year 2018, including imple-mentation of service permitted by section 24305(a)(3)(A) of title 49, United States Code, in lieu of rail service.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 7 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 26, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the nomi-nation of Rick A. Dearborn, of Okla-homa, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board. COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 26, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an As-sistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, July 26, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hear-ing. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 26, 2018, at 11 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Apprenticeship to Ex-pand Opportunities.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, July 25, 2018, at 2 p.m., to conduct a closed hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
The Subcommittee on Regulatory Af-fairs and Federal Management of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 26, 2018, at 2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘the Challenge and opportunities of the Pro-posed Government Reorganization on OPM and GSA.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON TAXATION AND IRS  
OVERSIGHT  
The Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Oversight of the Committee on Fi-nance is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, July 26, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Tax Ad-ministration Today.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Rachel Cohen of my staff be granted floor privileges for the duration of today’s proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. MAKING TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO CERTAIN MARINE FISH CON-SERVATION STATUTES Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 486, H.R. 4528. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4528) to make technical amend-ments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 4528) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDEN-TIFICATION CREDENTIAL AC-COUNTABILITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 5729, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 5729) to restrict the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric trans-portation security cards until after submis-sion to Congress of the results of an assess-ment of the effectiveness of the transpor-tation security card program. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 5729) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
UNITED STATES INTELLIGENCE PROFESSIONALS DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 595, submitted earlier today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY6.043 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5438 July 26, 2018 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 595) designating July 26, 2018, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Pro-fessionals Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 595) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
MISCELLANEOUS TARIFF BILL ACT OF 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4318 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 4318) to amend the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States to mod-ify temporarily certain rates of duty. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Hatch amendment at the desk be agreed to and the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 3664) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To improve the bill) Strike sections 324, 372, and 1118. Strike section 1274 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1274. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $3 BUT NOT OVER $6.50 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.03 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics, with foxing or foxing-like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $3 but not over $6.50 per pair, the foregoing other than sports foot-wear and protective, waterproof or slip-on type footwear (provided for in subheading 6402.91.70) .................................................................................. Free No change No chang e On or be-fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Strike section 1275 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1275. MEN’S SHOES WITH OUTER SOLES AND UPPERS OF RUBBER OR PLASTICS, VALUED OVER $6.50 BUT NOT OVER $12 PER PAIR. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.04 Men’s footwear with outer soles and uppers of rubber or plastics (other than sports footwear), with foxing or foxing like band, covering the ankle, closed toe or heel, valued over $6.50 but not over $12.00 per pair, not of the protective, waterproof or slip-on type (provided for in sub-heading 6402.91.80) ....................................................................................... Free No change No cha nge On or be-fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Strike section 1305 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 1305. SKI BOOTS AND SNOWBOARD BOOTS. 
Subchapter II of chapter 99 is amended by inserting in numerical sequence the fol-lowing new heading: ‘‘ 9902.14.34 Ski boots, cross country ski footwear or snowboard boots, constructed with a forward-leaning upper or designed to attach securely to skis or a snowboard by means of bindings, the foregoing valued over $12/pair, with outer soles of rubber, plastics, leather or composition leather and uppers of textile materials (provided for in subheading 6404.11.90) ........................ Free No change No change On or be- fore 12/31/ 2020 ......... ’’. 
Strike sections 1389, 1399, 1564, and 1565. Strike section 1665 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1665. CUSTOMS USER FEES. 
Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘July 21, 2027’’ and inserting ‘‘October 13, 2027’’. 
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? If not, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 4318), as amended, was passed. Mr. MCCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR FILING DEADLINE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the filing deadline for first-degree amendments be at 4 p.m. on Monday, July 30, for the meas-ures upon which cloture was filed dur-ing today’s session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. APPOINTMENTS The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–123, on behalf of the majority leader of the Senate and the chairman of the Fi-nance Committee, appoints the fol-lowing individual as a member of the Commission on Social Impact Partner-ships: Jeremy Keele of Utah. The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, appoints the fol-lowing individual to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Cen-ter for the Performing Arts: the Honor-able J
OHNCORNYN of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.060 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5439 July 26, 2018 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JULY 30, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, July 30; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of the Grant nomination; finally, that notwithstanding rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during today’s session ripen at 5:30 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JULY 30, 2018, AT 3 P.M. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 4:22 p.m., adjourned until Monday, July 30, 2018, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26JY6.063 S26JYPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1075 July 26, 2018 
HONORING WILL MILLER 
HON. PAUL D. RYAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, it is bittersweet to bid farewell to one of my closest aides, Will Miller, as he departs for the next chapter of his life. Will is heading to business school where I know he will excel just as he has here in Congress. Will is a natural leader. He’s a problem solver. He is my friend. A vet-eran of two speakerships now, he knows how the House works and has earned the respect of its members. Will is dependable, unflappable, and simply a joy to be around. And that’s good, because as my special as-sistant he is by my side from morning to night. I will always be grateful to him for transitioning from my policy staff to accept this unique role. The speakership comes with its challenges, but Will’s quick wit and sunny disposition have made every day more fun. He has made me a better speaker. I thank him for his service and can’t wait to see all that he accomplishes next. 
f 
H.R. 2 AND ANIMAL WELFARE ISSUES 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to reaffirm my personal and professional commitment to animal wel-fare issues. I also want to make clear that, had I been in Washington, D.C. and able to vote, I would have voted YES on Amendment No. 28, roll call vote 202, and NO on final pas-sage, roll call vote 205, on May 18, 2018. While both a Pennsylvania State Represent-ative and Member of Congress, I have con-tinuously fought to strengthen and enforce ani-mal welfare laws, and to extend these protec-tions to species as new abuses come to light. As a proud member of the Congressional Ani-mal Protection Caucus, I have been an active voice in the fight for the humane treatment of animals. I have cosponsored legislation that prohibits egregious abuses of wild and domesticated horses (Safeguard American Food Exports Act, PAST Act), opposes the abuse of animals in research (FACT Act, Animal Welfare Ac-countability and Transparency Act), protects the pets of victims of domestic abuse (Pet and Women Safety Act), phases out the use of live animals in military training (Battlefield Excel-lence through Superior Training Practices Act), outlaws the posting of torture of animals on social media (PACT Act), and bans the breed-ing of orcas in captivity (Orca Responsibility and Care Advancement Act). I have also introduced and cosponsored leg-islation that would eliminate the slaughter of dogs and cats for the purpose of consumption, both domestically (Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act) and abroad (Yulin Dog Meat Festival condemnation resolution). I am proud to help lead the effort to ensure language pro-hibiting the dog and cat meat trade is included in the Conference Report on H.R. 2/S. 3042, the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018. Since its introduction, H.R. 1406, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2017, which I co-lead has garnered the support of 245 bi-partisan cosponsors—and rightfully so. I have consistently fought against the King Amendment to the Farm Bill, which would un-dermine state and local laws intended to pro-tect animals—and have a devastating effect on laws across a wide range of state safety and welfare concerns. I have led numerous ef-forts to end wasteful testing on animals among federal agencies, and to promote adoption or humane caretaking for animals used in such testing. I am also leading the House effort to close loopholes in the Endangered Species Act, our nation’s bedrock conservation law, that allow for payments in lieu of conservation efforts in exchange for ‘‘take’’ permits with lit-tle-to-no transparency or accountability. On May 18, 2018, I would have voted YES on Amendment No. 28, the Roskam-Blu-menauer Amendment, which would strengthen prohibitions against animal fighting by ensur-ing the law applies to all U.S. territories, not just the states. I vow to do all I can to ensure commonsense provisions like this are included in the Conference Report, and beyond. I cer-tainly wish such provisions weren’t necessary in the first place, but it is Congress’ responsi-bility to act as necessary to protect and pro-mote animal welfare and public safety. 
f 
HONORING MR. STEVEN A. HILDRETH 
HON. JODY B. HICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in order to honor the achieve-ments of Steven A. Hildreth, Specialist in Mis-sile Defense, Congressional Research Serv-ice, on the occasion of his retirement from the Service on August 31, 2018. Steve Hildreth served Congress with distinc-tion for more than 32 years at the Library of Congress as a Specialist in U.S. and Foreign National Security Programs for the Congres-sional Research Service. He earned a bach-elor’s degree from Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, a master’s degree in inter-national relations from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C. graduate work at Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced Inter-national Studies in Washington, D.C. and master’s degree in national security strategy from the National War College in Washington, D.C. Steve is recognized throughout Congress, the military Services, the defense community, and the arms control community as an expert in U.S. nuclear weapons and ballistic missile defense, arms control, military space, and nonproliferation issues. He wrote extensively on missile defense programs—from the Stra-tegic Defense Initiative in the 1980s through the current Ground-based Midcourse Defense and Aegis programs. He also assisted the House Armed Services Committee, after the first Gulf War, with assessments of the effec-tiveness of the Patriot system in taking down Iraqi scud missiles. In that capacity, he as-sisted Congress in eight hours of testimony, leading a group of Congressional Research Service researchers, in providing open source analysis of the international aftermath of the September 11, 2001, terror attacks before the 9/11 Commission. Halfway through, the staff director for the Commission told Steve, ‘‘I never believed in open source analysis until today.’’ Steve also exercised true leadership at the Congressional Research Service. For nine years he headed up the Central Research Unit in the Foreign Affairs, Defense, and Trade Di-vision of the Congressional Research Service, where he created and managed an extensive internship program and oversaw many of the research experts of the Service. Steve published many influential Congres-sional Research Service reports on such sub-jects as challenges to the United States in space; Iran’s ballistic missile and space launch programs, long range ballistic missile defense in Europe, ballistic missile defense in the Asia- Pacific region, ballistic missile defense and of-fensive arms reductions, cyberwarfare, and the Strategic Defense Initiative. Additionally, he provided objective, expert analysis on a number of issues, ranging from Israeli missile defense capabilities to the proposed U.S. Space Corps, to Congress, to the House Armed Services Committee, and to me per-sonally—analysis for which I am very grateful. After retirement, Steve will head to Vashon Island, Washington, with his family, to enjoy an idyllic and relaxing life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF BILL LINDSAY 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of Bill Lindsay, Rich-mond’s City Manager for 32 years, a re-spected member of the community, a member of our district, and a friend. Bill received a Bachelor of Arts in Econom-ics from Yale University and a Masters in Business Administration in General Manage-ment from the University of California, Berke-ley. Following graduate school, he began his professional career as a management consult-ant working primarily with local government and public transit clients. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.001 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1076 July 26, 2018 
Prior to his service to Richmond, Bill was San Ramon’s Administrative Services Director before becoming the City Manager of Orinda for over a decade. His hard work and achievements as a public servant aided in the reduction in violent crimes, the lowest unemployment rate in Rich-mond’s history, and allowed the city to flourish financially. Bill’s dedication to his job, his fam-ily, and his community is admirable. The con-tributions he has made to the city of Richmond and his community will not be forgotten. I wish him the best of luck in his retirement. 
f 
H.R. 3542 AND H. RES. 129 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to make clear that, had I been able to vote, I would have voted Nay on roll call vote 72, Nay on roll call vote 73, Yea on roll call vote 74, and Yea on roll call vote 75 on February 14, 2018. I cosponsor Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD of Califor-nia’s bill, H.R. 3440, the Dream Act of 2017. Last September, the Trump Administration an-nounced its shameful decision to end the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program with a six-month delay. While Repub-licans have continually refused to take up leg-islation to reform our nation’s broken immigra-tion system, the President’s announcement now forces Congress to act. I join my Demo-cratic colleagues urging Speaker R
YAN and our Republican colleagues to bring H.R. 3440 to the floor in order to permanently protect DREAMers and allow them to remain here and work legally to contribute to strengthening the nation they have called home since child-hood. H.R. 3542, the Hamas Human Shields Pre-vention Act, imposes sanctions on Hamas for violating internationally recognized human rights by using civilians as human shields. The gross human rights violations committed by Hamas are numerous and well-documented. Since its takeover of Gaza in 2007, Hamas has summarily executed and tortured civilians, and continuously put the civilian population of Gaza at risk. Hamas continues to intentionally position missile launch facilities, weapon stockpiles, and fighters near mosques, hos-pitals, homes, and schools. The terrorist orga-nization routinely discourages Palestinian civil-ians from heeding warnings from the Israeli Defense Forces regarding imminent military strikes, and in some cases has forced civilians to gather on roofs to act as human shields. This legislation is sadly necessary. I remain dedicated to addressing these issues as a member of the House Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, and I hope the Senate acts quickly to pass H.R. 3542. 
f 
PRINCIPAL CARL BURNSIDE OF DUNBAR HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share with my col-leagues, and include in the RECORD , testimony from Principal Carl Burnside of Dunbar High School, who testified at the Education and Workforce Committee and thank him for his service to our community and to education. 
I want to thank you Congressman Francis Rooney for bestowing upon me the honor to speak to the House Committee on Education. My name is Carl Burnside and I am the very proud principal of Dunbar High School in Fort Myers, Florida, where ‘‘Achievement is the Expectation.’’ I truly believe that what we have accomplished at Dunbar High School has enabled our students to rise up from incredibly humble circumstances into amazing career and college successes. After being closed in 1969, in 2000, the school was reopened and I was appointed principal. Ironically my appointment was in great part due to my background in STEM as being a 1993 recipient of the Presidential Award for Mathematics in Teaching which I received here in Washington DC. By 2005, Dunbar High School’s minority to majority ratio was incongruent to the demographics of the Lee County School district. Therefore, something had to be done to help reduce mi-nority isolation in the district. After going through growth pains, a young lady by the name of Jana Hambruch shared with me the concept of not just having a STEM academy but having one that would allow students to obtain industry certifi-cations. As technology is an inherent soci-etal need for all, we recognized a need to pro-vide students with high-end technology training. In 2003–2004, a $3.3 million federally funded Magnet Grant provided DHS with the chance to start the Academy for Technology Excellence (ATE) program. Dunbar quickly went to the forefront of College and Career Readiness as it became a model for other high schools across the country. Subse-quently, Dunbar has been featured in a vari-ety of educational magazines, webinars, and conferences and has received several distin-guished awards both locally and nationally. Originally, the Academy for Technology Excellence (ATE) program was uniquely de-signed to provide 9th–12th grade students with the training needed to get the most in- demand industry standard IT certifications. The ATE program has truly enabled students to cross the digital divide and focus on essen-tial skills to make them more marketable for their future. ATE graduates have a com-petitive edge over other college-bound stu-dents and several of our ATE students have received employment right out of high school in the $35,000–$50,000 range. As we moved into our 3rd year of the pro-gram Microsoft took notice of all the certifi-cations our students were achieving and was amazed. They decided to partner with us and named our school the 1st Microsoft Certified High School in the Nation. They declared our students as their ‘‘Certifying Heroes ″. They utilized our program as a pilot program to be mirrored at other high schools throughout the United States and beyond. Dunbar has partnered with technology gi-ants like Microsoft, Adobe, Hewlett Packard and Pearson VUE, plus many other local business partners. Dunbar has even con-nected with the local colleges and univer-sities establishing bridging opportunities from high school to postsecondary edu-cation. Dunbar accomplished all of this de-spite student demographics that many would see as challenging. Since its opening, the school’s student population had a high per-centage of low socio-economic students ap-proaching 90% on free or reduced lunch. Lead by our IT Program Manager and Lead Technology Teacher, Denise Spence, the ac-colades that Dunbar achieved have been sig-nificant. A few highlights: Besides Microsoft declaring Dunbar High School as the first Microsoft Certified School in the Nation, it was selected as a Microsoft Showcase School. Dunbar was selected as an Adobe Model School. Both of these entities reached out to Dunbar due to the success that such a humble school was having in high powered certifications. Our students receive paid in-ternships highlighted by the annual intern-ships of students at Chicos FAS head-quarters which led to some of the students working there fulltime immediately after high school. Later with Race to the Top funds, Dunbar added strong programs in En-gineering and Biomedical Science from Project Lead The Way (PLTW) further en-hancing the school’s opportunities for its students in the College and Career pathways. When we applied to be an IB Diploma School, the reviewers enthusiastically recommended that due to our outstanding Career STEM pathways, we would be an ideal school to also have the IB Career Related program which we have also become, one of only a handful of IB STEM schools in the country. We offer the career academies that make parents who want their kids to go to college to be less hesitant and more proactive in en-rolling their child in these kinds of pro-grams. We offer the programs that are at a rigorous post-secondary level in fields that are lucrative for their children not just for today but for the jobs of the future. Hon-estly, I had no idea how much of an impact the academies were having until we started to receive various visits from schools, across the United States and really the world and were hearing back from our graduates about the employment they were getting because of the technical coursework they received in high school. Dunbar’s acclaim is worldwide. In 2014, I was invited to Barcelona Spain to the Micro-soft Global Forum where I had the oppor-tunity to share about the technology pro-grams at Dunbar. We receive visits from schools not just from our state but also from across the country and even outside the United States. Recently, we were approached by a student exchange program from Hun-gary exploring the possibility of sending some of their students to the United States to enroll in our technology program. As a cute anecdote, much to the chagrin of my football coaches, they have loss a couple of starter players due to the fact that the students received fantastic paid internship opportunities while in high school and are now making more money than my coaches in the IT field without a college degree. Here are a few of the success stories and you will notice they come from different back-grounds, all low income but their pathways to success were all different. Juan arrived at Dunbar High School un-able to speak English. He went on to obtain a plethora of certifications. He was selected to be an intern for Chico’s FAS whose na-tional headquarters is located in Fort Myers. After graduating from high school, Juan went to work for Chico’s full-time in their IT department and attended Florida Gulf Coast University part-time and worked to obtain his degree. His salary was in the $40,000 range. He was recruited from there by Call Miner, a technical data company, and now admittedly makes almost twice as much. Juliana was another student who qualified for the free and reduced lunch program but thrived in the technology program. She went on to qualify for the World Microsoft com-petition. She became the first person in the United States to make the podium spot, as she captured 3rd place in the world in the Microsoft Office World competition. Upon graduation, she went on to attend and grad-uate from the University of Florida with a full scholarship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.003 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1077 July 26, 2018 
Christian was another student who was raised by a single father. Christian, who as an African American student came to Dun-bar his 10th grade year and was looking to find himself and at the time his focus was athletics. However, due to his vast IT per-formance from our technology program, he secured a financially lucrative work situa-tion as a Service Desk Specialist and report-edly has a salary in the excess of $100,000 prior to his graduating from any college. Last but certainly not least, Tyler also came from a single family home with finan-cial struggles. Tyler excelled in all facets of school but his true passion was in the tech-nology field and his focus was always on going to college. Although he knew he would need scholarships. In 2013, Tyler qualified for the Microsoft World competition and became the first United States World Champion that year. Before he graduated, he obtained over 48 industry standard certifications in net-work administration and game design and programming. He is now a student at M.I.T. The success of Dunbar High School has re-quired hard work and extensive planning. Decisions made could not be only about the present but also the future. Our goal is to prepare our students for the jobs of the fu-ture because they will face a global competi-tion in the workforce. Another key compo-nent has entailed ongoing professional devel-opment for our teachers. Microsoft along with other corporations such as Aruba net-works has assisted in that area. We will continue to work diligently to pro-vide tremendous opportunities for our stu-dents. We also want to continue to be a lead-er in educating students in the K–12 arena as it pertains not just to technology but to other STEM careers. While we are very proud of the work that we have done, we are not satisfied with resting on our accolades. We remain in a mode of continuous improve-ment as we go provide our students with in-credible educational opportunities that en-gage them in pursuing a prominent future in whatever they aspire to dream about. Max Anderson who was a 2013 graduate of Dunbar recently wrote to my IT staff: ‘‘I will forever be grateful for the knowledge, experience, and opportunity I was afforded by Dunbar High School. I am extremely fortunate to have had such great educators that pushed me to do such immense things, all by the age of 23. I’ll be starting a new position as a sys-tems engineer for Georgia United Credit Union in Duluth, GA outside of Atlanta. This is a huge step for my career, and I can’t help but reflect on the teachers and mentors that helped me to get to where I am today.’’ We will continue to impact the lives of our stu-dents at Dunbar High School and what we offer at Dunbar High School is what needs to be available to students throughout our na-tion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE USCGC ‘‘ESCANABA’’ 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of the USCGC Escanaba. On June 13, 1943 the Es- canaba—a 165 ft. ‘‘A’’ type United States Coast Guard cutter—was lost during the Battle of the Atlantic, along with 103 of its 105 crew members. Of those lost were four brave men from Door County, Wisconsin—Clarence E. Christenson, Leonard Delsart, George W. Lar-son, and Victor J. Londo, Jr. I am proud to honor them today. The original USCGC Escanaba was sta- tioned on the Great Lakes from her commis-sioning in 1932 until the start of U.S. military involvement in World War II in 1941. In Feb-ruary of 1943, the Escanaba and her crew proved their valor in the war, rescuing 132 men from a torpedoed transport in the North Atlantic. Tragically, the Escanaba would set out on its final mission just four months after this heroic rescue. On Monday, August 6, 2018, Door County, Wisconsin is proud to welcome the third ever Coast Guard Cutter to bear the name Esca- naba. This ship is a true embodiment of the original ship’s values and legacy. The 75th an-niversary commemoration in Door County al-lows us an opportunity to pay our respects to those four honorable Wisconsinites who sac-rificed so much for our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in remembering the USCGC Escanaba and her crew. Their commitment to protecting and serving our country is worthy of the highest commendation. f 
HONORING THE KEEPSAKE VILLAGE AT GREENPOINT 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the 20th anniversary of the Keepsake Village at Greenpoint, a retirement community in my district dedicated to caring for those struggling with Alzheimer’s disease and de-mentia. Since opening to the community in 1998, the staff at Keepsake Village has worked to provide the level of assistance necessary to improve the quality of life for its memory care residents. For individuals with Alzheimer’s dis-ease or related dementias, the importance of a secure environment with caring staff cannot be understated. Keepsake Village at Greenpoint provides services that can be tai-lored to meet the physical and emotional chal-lenges of its cognitively impaired residents. This memory care community is based on a ‘‘Live More’’ philosophy, aiming to stimulate the eight dimensions of wellness: physical, emotional, spiritual, intellectual, environmental, nutritional, social and vocational. Through this philosophy, residents of this special commu-nity are able to live happy and healthy lives, despite struggling with memory loss illness. Alzheimer’s is a disease that touches nearly every family in our country. There are more than 5.7 million Americans living with Alz-heimer’s and over 16.1 million unpaid care-givers who dedicate much of their lives to car-ing for their loved one struggling with this ill-ness. The toll this disease takes on the mil-lions afflicted, the millions of caregivers and our overall economy cannot be understated, which is why we must continue working to ad-dress this epidemic and more importantly, strengthen our efforts to find a cure. Today, I am so proud to honor the Keep-sake Village at Greenpoint for their dedication in providing the highest quality of life for each of their residents and their loved ones. HONORING DR. STEPHEN SCOTT HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the leadership of Dr. Ste-phen Scott, President of Wake Technical Community College, as he completes his high-ly successful tenure at one of our state’s truly great educational institutions. Dr. Scott holds B.A., M.Ed., and Ed.D. de-grees from Clemson University. Before coming to Wake Tech, he served as president of Lenoir Community College in Kinston and of Southeastern Community College in Whiteville. From 1999 to 2000, Dr. Scott was Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the N.C. Community College Sys-tem. Dr. Scott has been an energetic and vision-ary leader of Wake Tech since 2003, serving as the college’s third president. Under Dr. Scott’s leadership, Wake Tech became the largest of North Carolina’s 58 community col-leges, growing from two campuses serving 40,000 students to six campuses serving near-ly 75,000 students a day. The opening of Wake Tech’s newest campus in Research Tri-angle Park next month, over which Dr. Scott will be presiding as one of his last acts as president, represents a fitting culmination of this impressive and impactful growth. Wake Tech’s students, faculty, and staff consistently receive recognition among their peers for outstanding achievements, and Dr. Scott has shared in this recognition. In 2008, he was named President of the Year by the NC Board of Community Colleges. He also re-ceived the 2009 I.E. Ready award from the N.C. State University Department of Adult and Higher Education and the 2008 Business Leader of the Year Award from Business Leader magazine, among other honors. One hallmark of Dr. Scott’s leadership has been the attraction of competitive grant fund-ing to supplement Wake Tech’s operating budget, increasing annual grant funding from minimal levels to more than $11 million during his tenure. Much of this support has come from the National Science Foundation’s Ad-vanced Technological Education program; as the initiator of this program, I have taken great pride in seeing Wake Tech use these funds for precisely the kinds of innovations in in-struction and in institutional partnerships that we envisioned. Wake Tech’s grant support has helped create innovative training pro-grams in Business Analytics, Co-Robotics, and Cybersecurity, and has accelerated the proc-ess of transformational learning that has made Wake Tech one of the truly great community colleges of America. Dr. Scott has pioneered a unique manage-ment style that has modernized Wake Tech’s administration. In 2009, he initiated an award- winning process of continuous improvement at the college called Applied Benchmarking to bring out the best in its faculty and staff. He also created the Scott Scholars Presidential Scholarship Fund, which provides students with an opportunity to pursue studies while participating in leadership development. His commitment to this program is personal: he mentors each Scott Scholar during their time at Wake Tech. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY8.003 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1078 July 26, 2018 
In fact, Dr. Scott brings an effective per-sonal touch to everything he does. He has a great gift for friendship and colleagueship, which in my case has made for a cordial, can-did, and supportive relationship through many shared endeavors over the years. On behalf of North Carolina’s congressional delegation and my constituents in the Fourth District, I join Dr. Scott’s many friends, col-leagues, and students in thanking him for the energy and effort he has dedicated to Wake Tech and congratulating him on a job well done. He leaves the college stronger than he found it, better equipped to nurture future gen-erations of conscientious and effective lead-ers. For that, all North Carolinians are in his debt. We thank Dr. Stephen Scott for his ex-emplary service and wish him and his family well as he begins the next chapter in his life. 
f 
THE STATE OF PLAY: GLOBALIZED CORRUPTION, STATE-RUN DOPING, AND INTERNATIONAL SPORT 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, we recently held a hearing on state-run doping to address the corruption and human rights viola-tions that it produces in international sport. Athletic doping is really low—that anyone can cheat in a competition and then take any sat-isfaction or pride in winning is really beyond comprehension, to say nothing of the profound unfairness to the other competitors and fans and damage to the sport. But state-run doping compounds these in-justices with serious human rights violations— it naturally leads to pressuring athletes to dope, and threatening whistleblowers. I thank Yuliya Stepanova and Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov, represented yesterday by Jim Walden, for their remarkable courage in re-vealing the Russian government’s state-run doping program, as well. It is not only the rest of the world, but Russia itself is indebted to them. In blowing the whistle on what their gov-ernment was doing to cheat in international sporting events, they acted as true patriots— for any country, it is better to lose a medal than to lose the country’s honor. And this state-run doping campaign is totally unworthy of the great spiritual heritage of Russia, and takes something away from every Russian person, as it makes it impossible for them to take an honest and natural pride in their coun-try’s performance in sporting events. Since this hearing addressed globalized cor-ruption in sport, I also mentioned a whistle-blower who was not with us yesterday—Dr. Xue Yinxian, a Chinese doctor who worked with China’s Olympic team in the 1980s and at one point served as the chief medical super-visor to the Chinese gymnastic team. Dr. Xue claims that 10,000 athletes were in-volved in a Chinese state-run doping program during the ’80s and ’90s. They had to accept the drugs, she says, or ‘‘face punishment or criticism.’’ She adds, ‘‘If you refused to dope, you had to leave the team.’’ She has also dis-cussed the abhorrent practice of doping young athletes—as young as eleven years old—re-sulting in devastating physical effects. Given the extent of the program, she concludes that all medals won by China at this time should be returned. Like too many whistleblowers, she has been forced to flee her home for fear of retaliation. She has commented, ‘‘Anyone against doping damaged the country and any-one who endangered the country now sits in prison.’’ Dr. Xue is now seeking asylum in Germany. It would be a terrible thing if her claim were to be denied and she is forced to return to China. We were also greatly honored to have had Dagmar Freitag, a German Member of the Bundestag and Chairwoman of the Bundestag’s Sports Committee, with us yes-terday, and I inquired into where Dr. Xue’s asylum claim stands. f 
CELEBRATING THE LONG CAREER AND RETIREMENT OF ELLEN WALLACH 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the retirement of Ellen Wallach, a public servant whose faithful and diligent spirit has graced my district office throughout my tenure in Congress. Ellen Wallach has had a long, fruitful, and deeply impactful career in casework and con-stituent services, first for the office of Rep. Ted Weiss from 1977 to 1993, and then for my office from 1993 onwards. Her knowledge of casework issues is encyclopedic, and she has inspired generations of young case-workers with the care she brings to her life- changing work. In many ways, Ellen has di-rectly performed the most important duties of any congressional office: she meets with con-stituents who are facing what can be pro-foundly challenging circumstances, and she finds a way to help them. During her 42 years working for the House of Representatives, Ellen has steadfastly assisted New Yorkers facing a slew of issues, many of them unprec-edented or legally convoluted, as they navi-gate the immigration system, attempt to gain access to basic healthcare and housing, or work to receive the veterans’ and retirement benefits to which they are entitled. Ellen also assisted in the immediate and long-term after-math of the devastating 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center, which occurred in our congressional district; she has fought for the rights of survivors, first responders, and fami-lies to receive the resources and information they needed to recover and live life to the full-est. As if that were not enough, Ellen devotes much of her free time to supporting the local arts community, to the benefit of countless children and artists in New York City. Her ca-reer has been dedicated to the people of New York in the truest sense of the word, and on behalf of my constituency, my staff, and my-self, I wish Ellen a restful, joyous transition into retirement. Ellen Wallach is a role model for those who want to dedicate their lives to benefitting oth-ers in real and lasting ways. I salute her, and I thank her for her service to the people of the United States, the State of New York and my Congressional District. ZTE VIOLATES U.S. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWS HON. STEVE CHABOT 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, ZTE has been a consistent offender of U.S. law and policy. It has repeatedly lied to the U.S. government, broken commitments, and stolen valuable in-tellectual property (IP) from the U.S. compa-nies. That is precisely why I hoped for the in-clusion of the Senate amendment to reinstate penalties against ZTE in the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for FY2019. Unfortu-nately, the amendment will not be included and I remain deeply concerned that America’s businesses—both large and small—may pay the price. ZTE routinely employs many U.S. patented innovations without paying anything for the privilege. U.S. businesses have successfully brought suits against ZTE at both the US International Trade Commission and in U.S. district courts. Moreover, ZTE refuses to enter into fair licensing agreements with U.S. busi-nesses to pay for the IP it has appropriated and employs tactics to avoid entering into fair contractual agreements while the theft of IP from our U.S. companies continues. In light of the fact that the FY2019 NDAA will not include language to reinstate penalties against ZTE and the likelihood that ZTE will be back to business in the U.S. as usual, I will be introducing legislation that helps to protect U.S. businesses from ZTE’s nefarious activi-ties and creates meaningful repercussions for ZTE if it continues to steal our most advanced and valuable intellectual property. I believe that if ZTE is going to have the undeserved privilege of conducting business with U.S. companies, Congress must act to ensure that they operate as good stewards of our free market system or face the penalties that our own businesses are subject to. The protection of our U.S. intellectual property laws remains my top priority. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to make clear that, had I been able to vote, I would have voted NO on roll call votes 240 and 241 on June 7, 2018. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE REDUCING OBESITY IN YOUTH ACT 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Reducing Obesity in Youth Act, a bill I introduced earlier today along with my colleagues R
OSA DELAURO and J ANSCHA-
KOWSKY . This bill would promote beneficial healthy eating and physical activity habits for children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY8.006 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1079 July 26, 2018 
I was disheartened to learn that Tennessee has the highest childhood obesity rate in the country. While, nationally, 31 percent of kids are obese or overweight—a number that is al-ready too high—in Tennessee, the rate is 38 percent. Childhood obesity has lifelong con-sequences. It leaves our kids at a higher rate for cardiovascular disease, including heart dis-ease and stroke, diabetes, and even certain types of cancer. Research has shown that early childhood is a critical time for the development of lifelong dietary and physical activities. That is why we are introducing the Reduc-ing Obesity in Youth Act. If enacted, this bill would create a competi-tive grant program to incentivize the develop-ment of healthier early care and education en-vironments to improve healthy eating and physical activity for children under five. It’s time that we act. I urge my colleagues to help pass this bill. 
f 
HONORING HOWARD ‘‘REED’’ HERITAGE 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to Howard ‘‘Reed’’ Herit-age, who passed away on Saturday, July 21, 2018. Reed was born and raised in the town of Richwood, New Jersey. Reed was part of the first class at nearby Clearview High School and later graduated from Delaware Valley Col-lege. In the early part of the 1970s, Reed moved to California, where he would go to work on behalf of the California Farm Bureau. As an advocate for one of California’s largest industries, Reed represented farmers and sought solutions to the many challenges that impacted their businesses. When he was not working on behalf of Cali-fornia farmers, Reed loved to cheer on his fa-vorite sports teams—including the San Fran-cisco 49ers and the San Francisco Giants. Reed was also a big fan of the Olympic Games and traveled to watch the games in person in Athens, Beijing, Atlanta, Montreal, Los Angeles, and Sydney. Traveling to new cities throughout Europe and Asia was one of Reed’s favorite past times. I want to extend my heartfelt condolences to Reed’s family and friends, who I know will deeply miss him. 
f 
CELEBRATING MRS. GRACIE G. SIMPSON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a beloved role model and gra-cious woman of faith, Mrs. Gracie G. Simpson who will be celebrating her 90th birthday on Saturday, September 1, 2018. On this day, there will be a celebration at the Claystone Park Pavilion at Lake Tobesofkee in Macon, Georgia. Gracie Mae Peck was born on August 29, 1928 in Macon, Georgia to the late Willie B. Peck and the late Claire Mae Fulton. She was the second child, with one older sister, one younger sister, and two younger brothers, all of whom are now deceased. Back in the days when she was young, many children did not have the opportunity to complete school and had to begin working at a young age. For 43 years of her life, Mrs. Simpson worked at Tom’s Foods, Inc., known to many as ‘‘the candy company.’’ However, she was able to return to school to take com-puter classes before retiring. Mrs. Simpson was married to J.Z. Simpson, Sr. for 54 years until his death in October of 2008. She has three sons, Donald Gibson, Jr., Zebbie Simpson, and Michael Simpson, and one daughter, Jan Simpson Walker. She has eight grandchildren: Donald, Eunicer, Christen, Jerome, Marcus, Marvin, Keisha, and Kelicia. She also has six great- grandchildren: Grace, Hannah, Abigail, Katelynn, DJ, and Christian. Mrs. Simpson has achieved numerous suc-cesses in her life, but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of her adoring family. Voted ‘‘Reigning Queen’’ at Pearl Stephens Village Senior Apartments, she enjoys fishing and going on walks. She loves spending time with her family and is a great cook. She makes a mean sweet potato pie and a delicious peach cobbler. She is full of life and spunk and her family knows very well that ‘‘if you don’t want to hear the truth, don’t ask her a question.’’ Most important to Mrs. Simpson is her stur-dy and enduring relationship with the Lord. She has been a member of Greater Little Rock Baptist Church for over 60 years. She has served on the Mother Board Association, Choir, Deaconesses, Food Bank, Women of Flow Ministry, and Kitchen Ministry. The race of life isn’t given to the swift or to the strong, but to those who endure until the end. Mrs. Simpson has run the race of life with grace and dignity and God has blessed her over her lifetime. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 constituents of the Second Congres-sional District of Georgia, in recognizing Mrs. Gracie G. Simpson for her 90 fruitful and pro-ductive years of life. We extend our best wish-es to her as she, her family, and friends cele-brate her birthday. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to make clear that, had I been able to vote, I would have voted Yea on roll call votes 181, 182, and 183 on May 15, 2018. LAURA EFURD HON. JUDY CHU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, as Chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus (CAPAC), I rise today to honor the life of Laura Efurd, a cherished staffer and public servant who passed away earlier this month at the age of 54 after a hard-fought battle with ampullary cancer. Laura was born on the Big Island of Hawaii, and raised both in Kona and Mililani, Hawaii. She earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Commu-nications and Political Science from Ouachita Baptist University and began her career in Washington, D.C. as a Legislative Assistant to former Congressman Tommy F. Robinson of Arkansas. After earning her Master’s Degree in Inter-national Communications from American Uni-versity, she joined the staff of the late Con-gresswoman Patsy Mink of Hawaii as her Leg-islative Director in 1990. During her time on Capitol Hill, Laura played an instrumental role in elevating the voices of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. She was there at the founding of the Congres-sional Asian Pacific American Caucus in 1994 and served as the Caucus’ Principal Staff Member from 1995 to 1999 under the chair-manship of Congresswoman Patsy Mink. The Caucus began with five Asian American and Pacific Islander Members of the House and two Senators. They hailed from two states and the Pacific Island territories of American Samoa and Guam. Today, CAPAC includes a historic high of 15 Asian American and Pacific Islander House Members and three Senators who represent ten states and territories. There is no doubt that Laura’s work helped to build the foundation to give us the voice that we have today. In her quiet way, she helped our Caucus to become twice as loud. Laura was also one of the founding Mem-bers of the Congressional Asian Pacific Amer-ican Staff Association and was one of the driv-ing forces behind the creation of an internship program for young Asian Americans and Pa-cific Islanders to pursue careers in public serv-ice. She left Capitol Hill in 1999, when she was appointed by President William Clinton, first to the Office of Congressional and Intergovern-mental Affairs at the U.S. Department of Labor, and then as Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Director of the White House’s Office of Public Liaison. During her time in the Clinton administra-tion, Laura was instrumental in the creation of the White House Initiative on Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, which created a coordi-nated voice within the White House and fed-eral agencies to address issues of critical con-cern to our American communities. Outside government service, she joined the executive leadership of ZeroDivide—an orga-nization based in California dedicated to in-creasing economic and educational opportuni-ties, expanding civic engagement and access to technology, and improving health care for low-income and underserved communities. She later returned to the U.S. Congress and most recently served as a trusted aide to Sen-ator M
AZIE K. H IRONO of Hawaii, where she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.004 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1080 July 26, 2018 
managed the daily operations in Senator H
IRONO ’s Honolulu State Office. Laura also served as a member of the Fed-eral Communications Commission Consumer Advisory Committee, the Center for Women’s Policy Studies, and as Chair of the Governor of California’s Task Force on Broadband, Community Development, and Public/Private Partnerships. In all of these roles, she worked tirelessly to give a voice to the voiceless. Her desire to help and uplift others re-mained a central focus throughout her career. Laura’s friends often recount they had a very clear picture of her intelligence, her kindness, and her concern for others—as well as the steel in her spine. They also say she was one of the best listeners they have ever known. She never focused on promoting herself. In-stead, she worked behind the scenes to en-sure that others had a seat at the table and dedicated her life’s work to helping people find their voices. Those were the battles she loved winning. Even though Laura did not seek the spot-light, she was truly a force of nature who made a lasting impression on the lives she touched. I know that her legacy will live on through her family and friends, as well as the institutions she helped to create and shape throughout her career. The Members of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus join Laura’s family and friends both in mourning her loss and celebrating the historic contributions of a truly great American. 
f 
THE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS AT THE BORDER 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the thousands of immi-grant families who have been torn apart at our nation’s border. The United States is a country of immi-grants with a proud legacy of protecting fami-lies fleeing violence and persecution. As a na-tion, we are a voice for human rights, which is why I was deeply disturbed when news broke that the Trump Administration was ripping in-nocent children from their parents as their families sought asylum in the United States. I was alarmed when I heard about President Trump’s criminal prosecution of all those seek-ing shelter within our borders. Last weekend, I went to the border with some of my colleagues to see for myself the impact of President Trump’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy. After seeing detention centers where children are still separated from their parents, after witnessing the immigration courts where asylum seekers are prosecuted en masse, after seeing the inhumane conditions that fam-ilies are being held in at processing facilities, I can only report that this President’s anti-fam-ily immigration policy is a disaster. Mr. Speaker, there is a humanitarian crisis happening right in our own backyard. At one detention facility, my colleagues and I met a grandmother who had brought her grandchildren to the United States, fleeing vio-lence in her home country. They traveled across the Rio Grande by boat and she lost one of her grandchildren on the way. When she reached our shores, she thought she would find refuge, but her remaining grand-children were taken from her and put into a separate detention facility. After weeks in detention, they still have not been reunited because the process this Ad-ministration has put in place only recognizes parents and their children, not grandparents, siblings or relatives as part of the family unit. She told us her story in tears. As someone who grew up close to their grandmother, I can only imagine the pain that she and her grand-children must feel being separated—after trav-eling through such horrendous conditions to reach America. In our privilege, it’s hard to imagine what conditions this family must have been living in to take that dangerous journey to our shores. My colleagues and I also visited a federal courthouse in McAllen, Texas, where we ob-served court proceedings for detained immi-grants who were seeking asylum in the United States, fleeing violence in their home coun-tries. Instead of recognizing their right of asy-lum, the court processed these immigrants en masse. These immigrants also pled guilty en masse, setting them on a course to be de-ported back to the countries they had fled be-cause of violence. So far, over 400 immigrant parents have been deported without their chil-dren! How will they find their way home? We met with border patrol officers who told us that their jobs have been complicated by the actions of the Trump Administration. Mr. Speaker, we need to support the law enforce-ment officers who keep our country safe, but this Administration’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy has failed them, creating a logistical and human rights nightmare that they do not have the support to solve. This is why I am an original co-sponsor of the Keeping Families Together Act and the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act, which provides standards for facilities at which aliens in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security are detained. Additionally, I have co-sponsored the Family Unit Right and Protec-tive Act, which requires the reunification of families separated upon entry into the United States because of the ‘‘zero tolerance’’ immi-gration policy requiring criminal prosecution of all adults apprehended crossing the border il-legally. The children who have crossed our borders are looking for safety from violence. Instead, they have found cold cages, and concrete floors with aluminum blankets. For many of the families seeking asylum in the United States, crossing the border is the difference between life and death. However, when these families cross our nation’s border, we are not a welcoming safe haven in a time of crisis. In-stead, we are criminally prosecuting families seeking safe refuge, separating children from parents, and scattering the children across our nation. As a country that was built by immigrants, it is disgraceful how we are treating immigrants at our own border. Therefore, I am urging my colleagues to cosponsor and support the Keeping Families Together Act and the Dignity for Detained Immigrants Act. As the global leader in the fight to protect human rights, the United States can and must do better when it comes to the treatment of asylum seekers. THANKING PAULINE M. BROWN HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful that a talented constituent Pauline M. Brown of Barnwell, South Carolina, has written an inspiring book entitled A Touch of Heaven. Beginning with love letters to her husband serving in Vietnam in 1968, she has continued writing, composing more than five hundred poems. I include in the R
ECORD the following poem from her book, A Friendly Hello (pg. 36): 
A FRIENDLY HELLO  Always believe in the simplest things— Sunshine and flowers, flags blowing in the wind, The music of children, rain on a tin roof, Afternoons spent with a cherished friend. A friendly hello can make all the difference In anyone’s fragile state of mind. Say ‘‘I miss you,’’ ‘‘I love you,’’ ‘‘God bless you, my friend,’’ And the saddest of spirits will be realigned. A friendly hello can dry the tears of heart-ache. A little encouragement can rescue a lost cause. Remember a friend who brought you back from despair, And do the same for someone else, just be-cause. f 
IN HONOR OF VICKY RUDY 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor and recognize Vicky Rudy for her tireless service and unrelenting commitment to the residents, businesses, and families of the Eighth Congressional District of Texas. A graduate of Arkansas State University, Vicky began her career in city government over twenty years ago, serving as the first city administrator for the City of Montgomery and, subsequently, the City of Rollingwood, Texas. In March of 2010, Vicky was named the City Manager of Oak Ridge North—a position she has held for eight years. Under Vicky’s leader-ship and supervision, this vibrant, tightly knit community has flourished and prospered, ex-periencing tremendous growth throughout the past decade. During her tenure as City Manager, Vicky spearheaded numerous projects to the benefit of the area—including important efforts to fully rehabilitate the city’s residential sewer system and water plant. She also helped spur eco-nomic growth in the region by championing the development and growth of businesses across the city, almost doubling the occupancy of the retail sector in Oak Ridge North. One of the most respected city managers in Texas, Vicky has enacted positive change throughout her community. She has dedicated the entirety of her career to positively affecting those around her, and as each resident of Oak Ridge North would attest, she has cer-tainly succeeded. After nearly two decades in public service, Vicky will begin her hard-earned and well-de-served retirement in August. She plans to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY8.012 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1081 July 26, 2018 
spend quality time with family members, in-cluding her nine month old grandson, Ryan Rudy. While Vicky’s career as a public servant has come to an end, the incredible impact she has made on her community will be felt for years to come. I am proud to join her daughter, Lydia, her son, Garman, her colleagues, and her friends in thanking Vicky for her years of public serv-ice and wishing her the best as she begins her retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL EDWARD DUNN 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, a constituent and good friend of mine, Paul Ed-ward Dunn, was one of the most well re-spected lawyers across the entire state of Tennessee for over four decades. He was one of the kindest, most honest, fair-minded men I have ever had the privilege to know, and I was deeply saddened to learn he passed away on Saturday. When he wasn’t serving our own community as a lawyer, as a member of various state bar associations, or as a special General Sessions judge, he was serving our Nation in the United States Marine Corps as a tank commander during the Korean War and later in the re-serves. Paul would have been married to his sweet wife Martha for sixty years on August third this year. Their devotion and love for each other was known well by many. Paul and Martha had five wonderful chil-dren, but one in particular, Laura, holds a spe-cial place in my heart from years ago. The first time I ran for Congress in 1988, Laura, who was in eighth grade at the time, came to help us every day after she got out of school, and even on the weekends. I don’t think many people worked for me as hard as she did. It seems like Laura’s perse-verance, work ethic, and soft heart were in-spired by her dad, who possessed the same attributes. Paul and Martha suffered a painful loss when Laura left this world at the young age of 22 due to her battle with lymphoma cancer. Now, we have the hope, through faith in God, that they have been reunited in Heaven. Laura was such a wonderful, sweet, young woman full of enthusiasm for others. While I am saddened by the loss of Paul, and the loss he and Martha experienced with Laura’s passing, I certainly appreciate the kindness they showed me through the years. While Tennessee mourns the loss of a great man, we remember the positive impact Paul made on our community, state, and our Na-tion. 
f 
SUPPORTING H.R. 4269—THE PUB-LIC FUNDS FOR PUBLIC SCHOOLS ACT 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on a major loophole in our tax code that favors private schools at the expense of public schools. I have introduced H.R. 4269, The Public Funds for Public Schools Act which would close this loophole that allows the wealthy to profit off their ‘‘dona-tions’’ to private school voucher organizations. In 18 states, laws have been passed allowing wealthy donors to claim tax credits for dona-tions that go to private, often unaccredited, schools. In these states, tax credits are awarded to taxpayers who donate to private school vouch-er organizations. At least eleven states offer a dollar-for-dollar credit, which allows wealthy donors to donate to Scholarship Granting Or-ganizations without losing any money because the state ends up bearing the full cost of the donation. When combined with a federal chari-table tax deduction, the dollar-for-dollar state credit ends up resulting in a taxpayer-funded profit for the so-called ‘‘donor.’’ Wealthy donors reap the benefits while our public-school children are left with sub-standard resources in some of the most im-poverished areas of the country. This is a major loophole in our tax code. Not only are states reimbursing the wealthy rather than in-vesting in public education, but federal dollars are being given to the wealthy at the blatant expense of public school children and edu-cators. To be clear, the American taxpayer bears the cost of this lucrative tax shelter, and the American public is left with less funding for our public schools. Mr. Speaker, I am a proud product of public schools. After the Brown v. Board of Edu-cation decision, small private all white acad-emies started to pop up in many Southern states, including one in my hometown. Selma High School, where I graduated, provided me with a quality education. I was on the re-nowned Selma High School debate team and we won competitions across the state. Over the decades, many ‘‘concerned’’ white parents have taken their kids out of public schools, sending them to the private academy across town. This process has led to re-seg-regation of schools in many parts of the South. After years of losing revenue to private schools, my old high school is deemed as ‘‘failing’’ today by the state of Alabama. More-over, there aren’t enough resources to provide debate and other extracurricular activities to the children. State laws like the one providing a dollar- for-dollar tax credit to private academies have further exacerbated these trends. Until this year, the academies in my state didn’t even have to be accredited to qualify for the vouch-er program. Thirty-five states provided less overall state funding per student in the 2014 school year than before the recession in 2008. When the Republican tax bill was signed into law last year, deductions for state and local tax pay-ments were capped at $10,000, leaving some wealthier taxpayers looking for new and cre-ative ways to reduce their tax liability. In re-sponse, more state legislatures are consid-ering laws to pass this lucrative taxpayer-fund-ed loophole. H.R. 4269, The Public Funds for Public Schools Act, would remove this loophole by reducing the double deductions benefit on these donations, saving money that could be reinvested in public schools that are struggling to provide adequate resources for their stu-dents. We have a responsibility to our children and their future to do the right thing. I urge my col-leagues to co-sponsor H.R. 4269. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SARA CATALA´N’S PUBLIC SERVICE TO THE PEOPLE OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my heartfelt gratitude to my Deputy Chief of Staff, Sara Catala´n for her 15 years of service to the people of my congres-sional district in Southern California. Constituent Service is the heart of any suc-cessful Congressional office. Members of Con-gress are pulled in many different directions, and spend many weeks back in Washington, D.C. participating in committee activities and voting on the House floor. We must, therefore, rely heavily on a strong deputy to put together and manage a local staff that prioritizes the needs of our constituents. Sara has been an outstanding Deputy Chief of Staff and District Director, and I am indebted to her for her faithful service, good work, and perseverance. I have relied daily on her invaluable insights and sound judgment, Sara has been vital to my outreach and proactive engagement with the diverse communities of the district, ensur-ing that everyone is heard. Constituents have often thanked me for the attention and assistance they received from my district staff, and I know I could have not done this outstanding work without Sara. Thanks to her, my district staff has always been hard-working and dedicated. Sara’s passion for public policy is evident to all who know her and who have worked with her. Over the years, her skills and insights have been invaluable when it came to the many issues affecting my district, and the greater public. She has been particularly en-gaged in my efforts to promote women’s eco-nomic empowerment and protect and support victims of human trafficking. Under her leader-ship, my office has chaired a Human Traf-ficking Advisory Council, bringing together key players in law enforcement, nonprofits en-gaged in prevention and victim support, and victims’ rights groups. I am proud of this work and the programs that came out of this Task Force, and I am proud of the work that Sara put into making it a success. Over the course of the last 15 years, Sara has been an outstanding employee. She has also become a trusted friend. I have always relied upon her counsel and appreciate her forthrightness and her integrity. As she leaves my office and begins the next phase of her ca-reer working for a member of the California State Senate, I know she will continue to serve the people of California well. I thank Sara for her service to the 39th Con-gressional District of California, and for her friendship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.008 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1082 July 26, 2018 
HONORING THE 2018 PENNSYL-VANIA STATE CHAMPION UPPER DAUPHIN HIGH SCHOOL SOFT-BALL TEAM 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the Upper Dauphin High School Softball Team for winning the Pennsylvania State Championship title for the first time in the school’s history. The Upper Dauphin Trojans’ softball pro-gram is one of determination, hard work, and talent. This year’s win was especially impres-sive, as they overcame a losing record of 4– 8 at midseason, and ended the season, after 13 straight victories, with a 17–8 record. Upon winning this coveted title, the Trojans made school history by being the first of the schools’ softball teams to become Pennsylvania State Champions. These exceptional athletes serve as an ex-ample for not only aspiring female athletes, but for all Pennsylvania youths. Their talent, dedication, and teamwork are a great source of pride for the school and the community at large. I am honored to represent the Upper Dauphin High School Girls Softball Team and take great pride in its remarkable achieve-ment. I know these young women will go on to accomplish great things. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Upper Dauphin High School Softball Team and congratulating these athletes on their well- deserved 2018 State Championship title. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING CAPTAIN MARKO BROZ FOR HIS SERVICE WITH THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Captain Marko Broz for his serv-ice as Sector Commander at U.S. Coast Guard Sector Sault Sainte Marie. Through his exceptional leadership and steadfast devotion, Captain Broz has become an indispensable part of Michigan’s First District. For the last two years, Captain Broz has served as Sector Commander in Sault Sainte Marie, where he oversaw all Coast Guard mis-sions on Lake Superior, northern Lake Huron and Lake Michigan, and all surrounding water-ways. Under his leadership, the USCG worked to prevent ecological harm, clear winter ice for shipping, and allow the public to safely enjoy the waterways of Michigan’s First District. His work has been critical to protecting the Great Lakes and promoting the livelihoods of Michiganders and Americans everywhere. Captain Broz assumed duties as Sector Commander in June of 2016 after previously serving as Deputy. Prior to his work in Michi-gan, Captain Broz served as the Coast Guard liaison to Naval Surface Warfare (N86), intel-ligence and joint positions at Coast Guard At-lantic Area, Joint Interagency Task Force— South, and as a Senior Duty Officer at the White House Situation Room. Additionally, Broz served eight years at sea in New Jersey, Guam, and Mississippi. He is a 1994 graduate of the Coast Guard Academy where he earned a Bachelor’s of Science Management and a Master’s degree in National Security and Strategic Studies. Captain Broz will offi-cially retire and be relieved by Captain Patrick Nelson on July 18th at the USCG Sector Sault Sainte Marie. Mr. Speaker, It’s my honor to recognize Captain Marko Broz for his service to the peo-ple of Michigan with the U.S. Coast Guard. On behalf of my constituents, I wish Captain Broz all the best in his future endeavors. f 
THE SHELBY V. HOLDER DECISION AND THE RECENT WAVE OF VOTER SUPPRESSION LAWS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the cornerstone of our democracy: our right to vote. After the Supreme Court’s 2013 Shelby County v. Holder decision, core aspects of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 were invalidated, and eligible voters now face new barriers to casting their ballot, including many voters in Alabama. Because of the Court decision, many states have enacted new voter restric-tions. For example, Alabama has implemented a photo identification law, which has barred many from participating in our elections. Twenty-one million Americans, over 10 per-cent of the eligible voting population, do not have a government-issued ID and, in many states, these Americans are consequently un-able to vote. Senior citizens and the disabled, people who also call my district home, have been ad-versely impacted by the recent wave of voter suppression laws. My father was one of these voters, and I witnessed firsthand the struggles he faced just to be able to vote for his daugh-ter when Alabama’s voting law were changed. Obtaining a photo ID is no easy task, espe-cially since many handicapped individuals have limited mobility. The decrease in the number of driver’s license offices in Alabama over the past decade has worsened this issue. Out of the 10 counties with the highest per-centages of African-American voters, which constitute a majority of my district, eight have lost ID offices. Many polling stations through-out the state have also shut down, and at the local level, these changes have disproportion-ately affected area with a large number of black voters. Mr. Speaker, voting is a right, not a privi-lege. We should be working to make our elec-tions more accessible, not less accessible. As the U.S. Representative of Alabama’s 7th Congressional District, the Civil Rights District of America, I have made it a top priority to re-store the vote. That is why I have introduced H.R. 2978, the Voting Rights Advancement Act. My legislation restores and expands the original Voting Rights Act by providing federal oversight of election changes in states with a history of voter discrimination. The recent wave of voter suppression laws undermines the progress of our nation’s civil rights trailblazers, from the women of Seneca Falls to the marchers in my hometown of Selma. We should not let them down, and we should not let our voters down. I urge Congress to come together in a bi-partisan effort to improve access to the ballot and pass H.R. 2978. It is our responsibility to uphold what our constituents so rightfully de-serve: a government of the people, for the people, by the people. f 
VICTIMS OF GUN VIOLENCE IN AMERICA 
HON. ROBIN L. KELLY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because Americans continue to die from gun violence while this Congress does nothing to stop it. As my colleagues head out the door for their summer vacations, thousands of Amer-ican families will never again experience a va-cation with a loved ones because of gun vio-lence. As my colleagues leave town to enjoy sum-mertime picnics, thousands of American fami-lies will never again experience a summer with their loved ones lost to gun violence. As my colleagues enjoy the August recess with their family and friends, more Americans will lose family and friends to gun violence be-cause this Congress failed to act. I include in the R
ECORD the names of many Americans that this Republican-controlled Congress has failed. 
VICTIMS OF GUNVIOLENCE IN AMERICA — A
MERICANS FAILED BY A CONGRESS TOO BE-
HOLDEN TO THE NRA T OACT 1. Dove Lindsey, 1, 2. Abigail Buckley, 1, 3. Kamaya Lloyd, 1, 4. Jace Alexander, 2, 5. Laila Johnson, 2, 6. Paxton Edwards, 3, 7. Brinley Edwards, 4, 8. Ky’Marley Harrington, 4, 9. Jacob Edwards, 6, 10. Aidan Lindsey, 6, 11. Taylor Hayes, 7, 12. Jennifer Trejo, 9, 13. Makiyah Wilson, 10, 14. Lillia Pluth, 10, 15. Irayan Pluth, 11, 16. Vaughn Bigelow, 13, 17. Demonte Walker, 15, 18. Tyrelle Bowyer, 15, 19. Jeremiah Stewart, 16, 20. Khambrel Manning, 16, 21. Judy Wilson, 17, 22. Tranard Gray, 17, 23. Antwon Rose, 17, 24. Shakerria King, 17, 25. Captain David Rosa, 26. Olasunkanmi Esho, 27. Bourk Esho, 28. Olivia Esho, 29. Michelle Krek, 30. Michelle Krek’s unborn child, 31. Dr. Mark Hausknecht, 32. Tavish Harris, 33. Jorge Colon, 34. Firefighter Emesto Torres, 35. U.S. Capitol Police Detective John Gib-son, 36. U.S. Capitol Police Officer Jacob J. Chestnut, 37. Tremel Thomas, 22, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.011 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1083 July 26, 2018 
38. Officer Dave Smith, 39. Quentaun G. McClinton, 40. Tim Reddington, 24, 41. Deantate Neshonellitt LeJohn, 42. Temisha Collier, 43. Renee Isadore, 44. Antone Davis, 45. Ryan Hatchett, 46. Mary Elizabeth Madison, 47. Lavonne Wilson, 48. Melyda Corado, 49. Naader Rizk, 50. James C. Lewis, Sr., 51. Sherman Williams, 52. Spc. Austin James Sampson, 53. Robert Garcia, 54. Sergio Sanchez, 55. Rachel Dann, 56. Stephanie Curtis, 57. Janet Cook 58. Andre Charleston, 59. Avery Birthrong, 25, 60. Brandon Edward Bittner, 61. Cynthia Stack, 62. Elsie Berrios, 63. Reginald Sweet, 23, 64. Jose Lugo, 65. Shevaun, 80, 66. Christopher Goudeau, 23, 67. Dakota Ryan Bailey, 20, 68. Caleb Bowman, 18, 69. Michael W. Johnson, 70. Lisa Blankenship, 71. Christian Broder, 72. Chad Merrill, 25, 73. Angela Green, 74. Officer Bronson K. Kalila, 75. Jacob Stough, 76. Michael ‘‘Thumbs Up Mike’’ Gentry, 77. Curtis Lee Wadkins, 78. Edward Sean Aiken, 79. Laurie Suzann Colon, 80. Naiasalyn Brown, 18, 81. Brittany D. May, 82. Emesto Aybar, 83. Joseph Jehonathan Gill, 84. Jessica Finster, 20, 85. Shawn J. Manymules, 86. Devonte Ortiz, 19, 87. Clifton M. Leager, 88. Filip Kirilov, 89. Stephanie Davis, 90. Brandon Irlmeier, 20, 91. Dwayne Grimes, 19, 92. Sage Chebere, 93. Jamie Scott Barron, 94. Debora Huerta, 95. Derrick Dent, 96. Joshua Benson, 97. Aristeo Pena-Robles, 98. Muhammad Ahsan Siddiqui, 99. Firefighter Charles ‘‘Bert’’ Miller, 100. Matthew Edwards, 101. Julie Burton Edwards, 102. Parish McKenzie, 21, 103. Jahseh ‘‘XXXTentacion’’ Dwayne Ri-cardo Onfroy, 
CALIFORNIA ’S 49TH DISTRICT  104. Alonso Canseco, 105. Steven Hernandez, 106. Jose Jimenez, 107. Erik Ramsey, 108. Alfredo Astorga, 109. Della Astorga, 110. Bemaldo Ramires, 111. Ines Villa, 112. Travis Whitt, 113. Kimberley Williams, 114. Richard Contreras, 115. Joel Bishop, 116. Tyler Branon, 22, 117. Dr. Weidong Henry Han, 118. Huijie Yu, 119. Emily ‘‘Jennie’’ Han, 5, 120. Timothy Harris, 121. Jordan Luis, 122. Kirsten Jelinski, 123. John Patrick Dillard, 124. Cynthia Jean Rosier Dillard, 125. Andra Sachs, 126. Brad Sachs, 127. Gregory Mulvihill, ILLINOIS ’ 12TH DISTRICT  128. Shemita Lowery, 129. Bruce Henley Jr., 130. Aaron D. Prayer, 131. Jennaine C. Ingram, 132. Elijah S. Ingram, 133. Derrick J. Vaughn, 134. Derrick D. Garner, 135. Roosevelt Davis Jr., 136. Demarco Bush, 137. Roosevelt Davis, 138. Verree I. Pomerlee, 139. Marcus Glass, 140. Thomas I. Stines, 141. David M. Stines, 142. Keirson D. Coleman, 143. Brandon L. Brooks, 144. Cole Wierciszewski, 18, 145. Timiji Jackson, 146. Wilma Louise Aaron, 147. Billie Gene Aaron, 148. Graziano Baker, 149. Catherine Jackson, 150. Anqwan ‘‘Quan’’ Palmer, 16, 151. Javon Gibson, 152. Akeem Haynes, 153. Johnny Lovett, 154. Kaylen A. Everson, 155. Evan Koegler, 18, 156. Robeti L. Gilmore, 157. Kerwin Williams, 158. Tony Johnson, 159. Quiantez Fair, 160. Edwin D. Cook, 161. Moeshia January, 162. Larry Hardy Jr., 163. Kentrez T. Williams, 164. Burl Ritcheson, 165. Clemente ‘‘Harry’’ Morales, 166. Brenda Ritcheson, 167. Teon L. Slaughter, 168. Phillip Smith, 169. Deontavian Wilson, 170. Diondre D. Shanklin, 171. Carlos Johnson, 172. Martavion King, 18, 173. Matthew Reed, 174. Darren Henderson, 175. Michael A. Lee, 176. Deveion Edwards, 177. Kyle Keith Savant, 178. Derrance G. Taylor, 179. Edrick Wicks, 180. M’RQuan Jefferson, 19, 181. Andre D. Chapman, 182. Wilbert Hall Jr., 183. JaVon T. Trott, 184. Joseph Henagan, 185. Gregory Bryon Kinser, 186. Toni Ladd, 187. Mario A. King, 188. Deandray Jackson, 189. Jonathan Cobble, 190. Portia Adams, 191. Kiron I. Carter, 192. Kyle Watson, 193. Traveon Hunter, 194. Beth Pheasant, 195. Detrick Rogers, 196. Kevin D. Johnson, 197. DeAndre M. Davidson, 198. Jamell Bridges, 199. Timothy Holcomb, 200. Anthony Pannell Jr., 201. Amber Bieser, 202. Amber Bieser’s unborn child, 203. Jessie Jamison, 204. DeAnthony Dillard, 205. Asante McCoy, 206. National Guardsman Quincy Ware, 207. Roderick D. Williams, 208. James A. Moore, 209. Lamondo Brown, 210. Jarrett Richardson, 211. Brandi Hill, 212. Morris P. Mason, 213. Preston Jermaine ‘‘P.J.’’ Rockett, 214. John E. Middlebrook, 215. Leroy Short, 19, 216. Tim Beaty, 217. Johnnie Brim, 16, 218. Romell Jones, 11, 219. DeAngelo Oliver, 220. David Stockstill Jr., 221. Kelvin Buntyn, 222. Ralph Collier, 223. Roderick Taylor, 224. Salahudin Malik Robbins, 225. Xavier Mosley, 226. Jermion D. Conley, 227. Nicholas Hood, 228. Ronald W. Martin, 229. Caseyville Sgt. Scott Miller, 230. Mitchell Coleman Jr., 231. Cortez Pickett, 232. Keon Ivory, 233. Toni Hannon, 234. John Hannon, 235. James Hubbard, 236. Sherrain House, 237. Ray Adams, 238. H. Matthew Wilder 239. Edward R. Sholar Sr., 240. Latayia Johnson, 19, 241. Kenneth Easley, 242. Christopher Nelson, 243. Anton Daniels, 16, 244. Jerray Jackson, 245. Josh Young, 246. Glen Campbell, 247. Broderick Miller, 248. Samantha Holmes, 249. Micheal Reed, 250. Marques Stewart, 251. Keon Logan, 252. Fredrick Purnell, 19, 253. Amy Smith Blaise, 254. Daniel Blaise, 255. Calvin L. Tally, 256. Myron Jordan, 16, 257. Sheila Ann Marie Hodges, 258. Jeffrey Harris, 259. Robert Okraj, 260. DeAndre L. Bell, 261. Joshua Custer, 262. Kirk Anthony, 263. Lisa K. Uzzle, 264. Melvin L. Hayes, 265. Eugene Coleman, 266. Marcus Harris, 267. Malik Garrett, 16, 268. Charles Harper, 269. Vernon K. Haynes, 270. Kenneth Deal, 271. Travis Mayes, 272. Herman S. Stewart, Jr., 273. Joyce Boxx, 274. Joseph Griggs, 275. Leon Lucas Jr., 276. Jared Blackmon, 277. Derundrae Smith III, 19, 278. Darrin Hayes II, 279. Demetrius C. Lucas, 280. Jarad L. Daughtrey, 281. Anthony D. Shelton, f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE AMERICAN JEWISH CONGRESS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful to congratulate the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.013 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1084 July 26, 2018 
Jewish Congress on the 100th anniversary of their founding in 1918. The American Jewish Congress has been instrumental in fighting for civil rights and liberties by participating in the Paris Peace Conference in 1919, working to save Jewish lives during the Holocaust, co-ordinating the critical effort to create a Jewish state with United States recognition, and de-fending civil rights of all Americans and indi-viduals throughout the world regardless of race, religion, or national ancestry. AJC actively engages with the U.S. Con-gress and Executive Branch as well as the United Nations and the Israeli government to educate on Jewish affairs, combat anti-Semi-tism to include fighting the Boycott, Divest-ment, and Sanctions movement that attacks Israel, convey the threat of a nuclear Iran, and reinforce the AJC commitment to a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Congratulations to Jack Rosen, President of the AJC and Board Members Munr Kazmir, Daniel Rosen, Ben Chouake, Vivien Weissman-Howard, Jordan Rosen, John Kruger, Michael Melnicke, Alan Pines, Mark Appel, and Morty Davis for their leadership. The security of Israeli families is vital for the security of American families. 
f 
PASSING OF DR. MICHAEL GARY EHRLICH 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-brate the life and legacy of Dr. Michael Gary Ehrlich. An accomplished orthopedic surgeon, hus-band, father, and grandfather, Dr. Ehrlich will be sorely missed by his loved ones and the many patients whose lives were forever im-proved by his skilled practice of medicine. He paved the way to advances and innova-tion in skeletal health after graduating from Dartmouth College and Columbia University. And throughout a distinguished career at Massachusetts General Hospital, Brown Uni-versity, and Rhode Island and Miriam Hos-pitals, Dr. Ehrlich demonstrated a genuine af-finity for improving the human condition through his service as a practitioner. The people of Rhode Island have lost more than a surgeon—we have lost a friend. Yet, I know that his work ethic and positive contribu-tion to the community will live on through the students he mentored, the research he poured countless hours into, and the thousands of pa-tients he helped. 
f 
THE REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM AND THE WAR ON WORKING AND MID-DLE-CLASS AMERICANS 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to address Americans’ concerns over increasing income inequality that has been exasperated by the Republican Tax Scam bill. The so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passed by Republicans last fall not only fails to provide a significant tax cut for working class and middle Americans, but it also in-creases the national deficit by $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years. Moreover, any marginal in-come tax reduction that it affords everyday Americans will disappear within the next few years. According to the Congressional Budget Of-fice, 76 percent of Americans will actually ex-perience an overall tax increase between now and 2027. It is my strong belief that providing tax relief to small business owners, entre-preneurs, and working-class families is key to creating a strong economy that works for ev-eryone. But requiring working families to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy and powerful will not promote real, sustainable economic growth. Here is what the Republican tax law will do: By 2027, Americans in the first, second, and third quintiles will have their taxes increased, while 83 percent of tax breaks will go to the top one percent. By 2027, 86 million house-holds (more than half of America’s middle class) will see a tax increase. In Alabama, the richest 1 percent will see a $4,450 tax cut, where the bottom 80 percent will see a $117 tax increase. We do not have to look back far into history to learn that these types of tax cuts hurt the American people. Ronald Reagan’s 1981 tax cuts were followed by only 3.5 percent aver-age growth between 1982 and 1985, and re-quired base broadening tax increases. Deficits from the Reagan tax cuts led to tax increases by George H.W. Bush in 1990. George W. Bush’s tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 were fol-lowed by a precipitous decline in growth from 3.8 percent growth in 2004 down to ¥0.3 per- cent in 2008. The Bush tax cuts were also a major driver of the growing deficit, and wid-ened income disparities. We also saw what happened in the state of Kansas when Republicans promised that dra-matic cuts to business taxes would bring a new wave of economic growth and thousands of new jobs. Unsurprisingly, the economic growth was never realized and the state was forced to close schools, cut funding to public universities, cut funding to public services, and delay contributions to state pension funds. Columbia University Law professor Michael Graetz said, ‘‘the historical record is pretty clear that tax cuts don’t pay for themselves through economic growth.’’ Despite this evi-dence, Republicans on the Ways and Means Committee rammed through a partisan tax scam bill, passed it through the House of Rep-resentatives without a single Democratic vote, and passed it through the Senate in the same fashion. As the Trump Administration calls for an-other round of tax cuts for the wealthy, I urge the President and my Republican colleagues to fulfill their promise to work together on bi-partisan legislation that will truly benefit all Americans. We need bipartisan legislation that works to uphold America’s strong middle class and provides underserved families with the as-sistance they deserve to escape the cycle of poverty and enter the workforce. RECOGNIZING EMMA ANDERSON HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor an amazing young child whose com-passion for others and giving nature touches the lives of thousands in need of comfort. In 2012, Emma Anderson from Kalispell, founded Emma’s Cuddle Bears after seeing family friends undergo cancer treatment. An adult friend described the challenges she faced while battling cancer and said her heart went out to the young children fighting cancer in the treatment center. Emma, only 5 years old at the time, asked if the children ever got scared, to which the friend replied that they probably did. Emma thought for a moment and said, ‘‘I have an idea.’’ Emma used her own allowance money to purchase 20 teddy bears. She carefully exam-ined each one to make sure it passed her cuddle test. She then gave each one a name and wrote a little note for the person receiving a bear. The bears arrived at the University of Washington Cancer Center, where the Ander-sons’ friend was receiving treatment. The bears immediately warmed the hearts of chil-dren who needed the special comfort a cuddle bear can provide. Since then, the young humanitarian has sent over 3,000 Cuddle Bears to those suf-fering from cancer, debilitating diseases, and other difficult circumstances. Emma has a special gift for picking just the right bear to en-courage and comfort young and old alike. She still insists on naming all the cuddle bears. Emma continues to answer her calling to help others. She joined Samaritan’s Purse Op-eration Christmas Child at her local church as an assistant project coordinator. Emma’s bold and affectious personality inspires other to give. There’s a saying on display in the Anderson household: ‘‘From small beginnings come great things.’’ It was on the nursery wall when Emma’s adoptive mother, Jeri Anderson, brought her home from China as an infant. Starting from small beginnings, Emma and her cuddle bears continue to accomplish great things. All those who know her believe the best is yet to come. Mr. Speaker, for her compassion, gen-erosity, and willingness to reach out to those in need, I recognize Emma Anderson for her spirit of Montana. 
f 
HONORING COLONEL BRENT E. FRENCH 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Brent E. French from Westborough, Massachusetts, who will be re-tiring from the United States Air Force after 27 years of active-duty and reserve service in Au-gust. Most recently, Colonel French served as the Individual Mobilization Augmentee to the Di-rector of Security Forces within Air Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.015 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1085 July 26, 2018 
Headquarters. Colonel French advises on the training and organization of 40,000 United States Air Force Security Forces who protect our national security every day. Colonel French was commissioned through the University of Connecticut Air Force Re-serve Officer Training Corps, where he was a distinguished graduate. He has commanded an Expeditionary Security Forces Squadron in Oman and the International Military Police at Kandahar Airfield in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, Colonel French has had a re-markable record of success in the Air Force— but don’t take my word for it. He has received the Bronze Star Medal, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, Air Force Commenda-tion Medal with one oak leaf cluster, as well as the Army Commendation Medal, Joint Service Achievement Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal, and Air Force Out-standing Unit Award with Valor Device and two oak leaf clusters. Closer to home, Colonel French has played a key role at Worcester Polytechnic Institute’s Foisie Business School—where he manages an $8,000,000 budget and operations for the 40 faculty and staff assigned to the school. He also serves as an adjunct teaching professor. Mr. Speaker, in every city and town across America, there are people who know that pub-lic service is more than just a career—it is a calling. People who see problems and want to fix them; people who know that through hard work, they can truly make a difference for their country. Throughout his life, it’s clear that Colonel French is one of those people—and for that we are grateful. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I offer my most sincere thanks to Colonel French for his service to our nation, and a very heartfelt congratulations on his retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FORMER AMBAS-SADOR THANDEKA LUTHULI- GCABASHE 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an inspiring activist, dedicated servant for mankind, and former South African Ambassador to the Caribbean, Thandeka (Thandi) Luthuli Gcabashe. Ambas-sador Gcabashe will be in Albany, Georgia this week and it is my honor and pleasure to welcome her to the Second Congressional District of Georgia where she will be visiting her friend of longstanding, Dougherty County Commissioner, Gloria Gaines. Thandeka, also known as Thandi, is one of two daughters born to Chief Albert Luthuli and Nokukhanya Bhengu. Chief Luthuli was Nel-son Mandela’s predecessor in the African Na-tional Congress where he served as President from 1952–1967. He was also the second black man to win the Nobel Peace Prize for his nonviolent approach to fighting South Afri-ca’s Apartheid. Throughout her life, Ambassador Gcabashe continued to uphold her father’s dedication to peace and human rights through her work in South Africa and the United States of Amer-ica. While in South Africa, she coordinated South Africa’s Peace Education Program and lectured to civic, cultural, and educational insti-tutions on the pressing issues surrounding Apartheid. In 1970, shortly after the death of her father, she fled South Africa with her hus-band and four children, and they settled in At-lanta, Georgia with the help of the American Embassy and the late activist, Mrs. Caretta Scott-King. While in the U.S., she continued to condemn the Apartheid and played a pivotal role in coordinating the American response. She returned to South Africa in 1996, following the end of Apartheid. She went on to join South Africa’s Department of Foreign Affairs in 1998 and in 1999 was appointed Ambassador to Venezuela, Latin America, and the West In-dies (the Caribbean). Former Ambassador Gcabashe’s work has earned her numerous awards and accolades such as the ONI Award from the International Black Women’s Congress, the Civil Liberation Award from the Civil Liberties Union of Geor-gia, and an honorary Doctorate from Haver-ford College. Nelson Mandela said, ‘‘A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combina-tion.’’ Ambassador Gcabashe undoubtedly possesses this combination and the evidence is noted in her distinguished service to her country, devotion to her work, and the com-passion she has shown for the people of the Caribbean. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing former South African Am-bassador, Thandeka (Thandi) Luthuli Gcabashe. The Second Congressional District of Georgia welcomes this outstanding woman and applauds her dedication and service to the betterment of mankind. f 
FEDERAL EMPLOYEE UNIONS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, July 25, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to join my colleagues in condemning the President’s cruel and inhumane family separa-tion policy and its failure to reunite children with their families. Over two months ago, the Attorney General of the United States announced this adminis-tration’s inhumane and cruel child separation policy. This policy was the function of hasty political considerations and incomplete calculations of the ramifications of what such an abhorrent policy would do to the children implicated, the parents who brought them to our country in the hopes of a better life, a nation that has watched in horror, and a global community aghast at the measures being taken pursuant to this ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy. I have returned from my second trip to the Southern border in as many months. I was there to conduct effective oversight to reexamine whether families are being reunited and to determine what due process is avail-able to these individuals in the United States Courts and where these individuals can seek corrective action for that which confronts them. When I visited the border last month and the federal detention facilities that housed par-ents and children quarantined from one an-other, what I witnessed was horrific and unfor-gettable. One baby, 9-month-old Roger, had been taken from his 19-year-old sister after she was prosecuted for crossing the border illegally. Their mother is dead, and they were coming here to find family. Little Leah, just one year old, was taken from a grandmother and a sister. The pain was no less visceral when speak-ing with mothers wondering where their chil-dren have gone. In South Texas I met Gabby, from Hon-duras, who had a 45 day-old baby taken from her, and while housed at the facility had not yet been treated or given medical attention. To be sure, these children are not alone. To date, thousands of children remain sepa-rated from their parents. In fact, once this administration realized that the optics of this child separation policy were not favorable, the administration attempted to disperse the quarantined children to faraway corners from where they were separated— South Texas—and away from their parents. Indeed, one of the locations proposed to house these children was a shelter in my con-gressional district—the 18th District of Texas—ironically, on Emancipation Avenue. The goodness and decency of the residents of my district, gleaned from their opposition to this policy, was immediately and abundantly clear. Citizens organized throughout our commu-nity to make their opposition to this plan known loud and clear. Congressional action must reflect the pas-sionate activism of our fellow Americans. Upon returning to the Congress, together with my colleagues on the House Judiciary Committee, and its Ranking Member JERRY  N
ADLER , we introduced H.R. 6135, ‘‘Keep Families Together Act.’’ This bill promotes family unity by prioritizing keeping families together. It would prohibit the Department of Home-land Security (‘‘DHS’’) from separating children from their parents except in extraordinary cir-cumstances. The bill requires an independent child wel-fare agent official to review any such separa-tion and return the child if no harm to the child is present. Thereafter I wrote to the President and was joined by 57 of my colleagues, asking him to end this policy, but also additionally to: Order the immediate cessation of the zero-tolerance policy for criminal illegal entry; Reinstate the highly successful family case management program, which avoids the cas-cading ills associated with the President’s child separation policy, while accounting for the law enforcement concerns at the heart of border enforcement; Conduct a census of all accompanied immi-grant children as well as a count of all unac-companied immigrant or refugee children housed at facilities unknown to Congress; Restore eligibility for asylum status for those fleeing gang violence or domestic violence; And prohibit federal agencies from assisting any State from terminating the parental rights of any person whose child was removed. To date, the President has not responded to this letter. Indeed, it appears as if the President’s lack of response to the letter I led is indicative of the administration’s overall tact towards legiti-mate inquiries for oversight, like that which is prescribed by Article I of the Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.017 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1086 July 26, 2018 
Despite the fact that a federal judge ordered the reunification of children under age 5 by a date certain, last week the Department of Homeland Security indicated that only about 50 percent of these children were reunited by the date prescribed by the court, and that at least 2,551 of all of children remain separated from their parents. The lack of empathy and compassion sym-bolized by both the policy and the failure to re-unite these children with their parents is wrong, but sadly consistent with other in-stances where the administration lacked com-passion towards those seeking asylum. Notably, last month also brought news that the administration plans to foreclose the ability of asylum seekers to cite gang violence or do-mestic violence as an acceptable reason to seek asylum. While this policy shocks the conscience, it is of no surprise that it would emanate from an administration which boasts as its Attorney General a stalwart opponent of immigration and a Chief of Staff who, while he was DHS Secretary, believed that separation of children from their parents was an effective means of deterring immigration writ large. The ad hoc procedures the government has created to respond to the judicial decree to unite these families offer further proof that it never intended for families to be brought back together. It is unconscionable that there had been no plan for the orderly reunification of these chil-dren with their families. As we face the July 26 deadline for the Fed-eral Government to reunite the thousands of innocent separated children, we must stand fast in continuing to demand justice. Yesterday, the Trump administration told the court that it had reunited or ‘‘appropriately dis-charged’’ 1,187 of the 2,551 children ages five and older who were forcibly separated from their parents. The administration has also reunited 58 out of 103 children who are under the age of five and whose reunions were required by the first deadline, July 10. The administration identified 1,634 class members who are eligible for reunification and are in various stages of the process. However, in the same federal court filing, the Trump administration has claimed that the separated children of 917 parents are either not eligible, or ‘‘not yet known to be eligible,’’ for reunification. For parents whose eligibility the government is challenging based on a prohibitive criminal history or unfitness finding, more information is clearly needed. As the ACLU have argued in court—the government’s word alone on this determination is not sufficient, which is why they have asked the court to order the government to provide details about the nature of the charge, convic-tion, or warrant for each parent. As of July 20, the Trump administration re-ported that it had 37 children in government custody who have ‘‘not yet been matched’’ to a parent from whom they were taken. Additionally, when asked in court, the ad-ministration was not able to provide a count of the number of parents who were released from ICE custody and whose locations are still unknown. This is the all-important question: where are the parents whom the government has already deported? For the separated children under five years old, there were an estimated 12 parents who had already been deported by the time of the court’s June 26 order requiring reunion. In a status update on the ongoing court-or-dered family reunifications filed Monday, the government said 463 parents of separated children aged five and older are indicated as no longer in the U.S. according to their files. These cases are apparently ‘‘under review.’’ As a mother, I am devastated and dis-appointed that the administration represented what they did not know and could not do. They did not know the true number of the children separated, they could not reunite these children, and there is still no plan for their reunification. It is beyond comprehension that a governing body in this nation could create a humani-tarian crisis and be so uninformed as to abdi-cate its responsibility to rectify the situation. Beyond any future government measures that reunite the separated families, Human Rights Watch reports that making any of these families truly whole, including by addressing the trauma our government callously inflicted on them, will take much longer. Is this review from a leading human rights body truly reflective of our nation, which just a half-century ago declared never to ‘‘witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been com-mitted, and to which we are committed today at home and around the world?’’ Did the President plan to make orphans of thousands of children who came here with lov-ing parents? These are question that should haunt this country for years. Under no circumstance can we allow the barbaric separation of families to continue. This policy is one of the most un-American policies implemented under the Trump Admin-istration in our name. This policy must galvanize the country to act. Americans from all walks of life must band together to say with one voice: not in my name. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to denounce the President’s unjustified assault on our nation’s thousands of dedicated federal employees. In his inaugural address, President John F. Kennedy proclaimed a call to duty—‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.’’ Millions from all corners of our nation throughout our history—in peace and in war, in prosperity and in hardship—have answered this call with their full measure of dedication. They are our public servants. They showed up to serve and to lead. They work long hours ensuring that our gov-ernment has the greatest wealth of knowledge and expertise to best address the needs of our citizens. They risk lives at the front lines of disaster zones so that no American is left in distress. They lead the way while making sure no-body falls behind. By any stretch of the imagination, these men and women should be celebrated as he-roes for their altruistic dedication to service. But the President, far short of ensuring that these federal employees have the best envi-ronment for which to carry out their commit-ment to serving their nation, has gone great lengths to attack these servants as part of a faux ‘‘swamp.’’ As a candidate, Trump falsely told voters that the federal bureaucracy was awash in ‘‘waste, fraud and abuse.’’ By abusing his power to issue executive or-ders, the President ordered to roll back civil- service protections that federal employees have enjoyed for a generation, making it easi-er to fire poor performers, curtailing time em-ployees can be paid for union work, and di-recting agencies to negotiate tougher union contracts. The orders require agencies to negotiate union contracts in less than a year. They direct managers to move more ag-gressively to discharge employees involved in even minor misconduct, limiting to one month a last-chance grace period for improvement that now can last up to 120 days. The orders also require agencies to begin charging unions for space in federal buildings they now use for free. And, the orders limit federal employees to spending no more than a quarter of their work-day on ‘‘official time’’—paid time to do union business, a benefit Congress approved for federal unions in 1978, when the House and Senate overwhelmingly passed the Civil Serv-ice Reform Act. According to the Civil Service Reform Act, the U.S. government allows employees to ‘‘or-ganize, bargain collectively, and participate through labor organizations of their own choosing in decisions which affect them.’’ The rationale is that such participation pro-motes the public interest, contributes to the ef-fective conduct of public business, and en-ables the amicable settlement of disputes be-tween employees and employers. Section 7131 of that bill provides federal employees with ‘‘official time’’ to engage in representational activities, discussions of grievances, dispute resolution, labor relations training, labor-management relations, and new department initiatives, among other things. The Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission implemented the legislation by adopt-ing rules that ‘‘require managers and super-visors to allow complainants who are employ-ees ’a reasonable amount of official time, when in official duty status, to prepare their EEO complaint and to respond to agency and EEOC requests for information.’ ’’ In one fell swoop, Trump cut the federal union representatives of their time assisting colleagues with filing grievances, addressing sexual harassment claims, and resolving work-place problems. For a president who has been the object of numerous grievance complaints and sexual harassment claims, the hypocrisy of limiting time to pursue such claims is shocking. As a sign of the concerted war on federal employees, there also have been several other efforts to limit unions. This year, for example, the U.S. Department 
of Education eliminated official time as part of its new labor contract. Organizations representing these federal employees have argued this contract is com-pletely unfair. In this spirit I would like to commend the ef-forts of one such organization, the American Federation of Government Employees, or AFGE. As the largest union for government employ-ees, they have risen to the occasion to pro-vide federal employees with the passionate defense that they deserve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.019 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1087 July 26, 2018 
AFGE has challenged the executive order on official time as a violation of the right to freedom of association guaranteed by the First Amendment. I was proud to have joined the amicus cu-riae brief in support of AFSCME’s position in the case of Janus v. AFSCME, which sup-ported and defended the need for unions and collective bargaining. Eighty years ago the American labor move-ment was little more than a group of dream-ers, and look at it now. From coast to coast, in factories, stores, warehouse and business establishments of all kinds, industrial democracy is at work. Employees, represented by free and demo-cratic trade unions of their own choosing, par-ticipate actively in determining their wages, hours and working conditions. Their living standards are the highest in the world. Our labor unions are not narrow, self-seek-ing groups. They have raised wages, shortened hours and provided supplemental benefits. Through collective bargaining and grievance procedures, they have brought justice and de-mocracy to the shop floor. But their work goes beyond their own jobs, and even beyond our borders. Our unions have fought for aid to education, for better housing, for development of our na-tional resources, and for saving the family- sized farms. They have spoken, not for narrow self-inter-est, but for the public interest and for the peo-ple. Unions are as important as they ever were—because corporations are just as dedi-cated to their bottom line, regardless of the consequences for workers. David Cox Sr., President of the AFGE, un-derstood that ‘‘Federal employees understand what is needed to improve the internal work-ings of their agencies far better than private consultants. ‘‘Federal workers and their representatives should play an important role in the develop-ment of organizational changes involving fed-eral agencies and the services they provide.’’ ‘‘Neglecting to seek input from employee representatives in the development of govern-ment-wide reorganization plans is counter-productive to any genuine effort to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of govern-ment.’’ AFGE General Counsel David Borer as-tutely remarked that ‘‘These executive orders are clearly at odds with what Congress has mandated by law,’’ and that ‘‘These directives from the White House display a shocking lack of respect for the Constitution and represent a serious overreach of the president’s executive powers.’’ Indeed, these executive orders are not merely an affront to the blood and sweat of America’s public servants—as great as that may be. AFGE has also challenged the President’s executive orders on the grounds that they ex-ceed the president’s authority under the U.S. Constitution by violating the separation of powers and exceeding current law. The president has used our federal employ-ees not only to frame them as a scapegoat for our nation’s problems, but also to subvert Congress’ place as an equal branch of gov-ernment—an attack on our system of checks and balances befitting of a banana republic. This constitutional crisis should concern us all. This attack on our federal employees dis-rupts the effectiveness of our government, labor rights across the nation for all profes-sions, and the integrity of our very system of government. I urge all of my colleagues to reflect the dedication that these federal employees have shown in serving our nation, and work to resist the arbitrary, despotic attacks that the Presi-dent has levied against them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MONTANA’S WIN-NERS IN NATIONAL HIGH SCHOOL FINALS RODEO 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize six young Montanans who are among the best in the sport of rodeo. The National High School Finals Rodeo concluded last weekend in Rock Springs, Wy-oming. The competition featured nearly 1,500 of the top contenders from across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Australia. Montana was well represented, and six competitors from Big Sky country earned a coveted Top-Ten Buckle. Alaina Griffel of Columbus placed eighth in breakaway roping. Shai McDonald of Gardiner finished eighth in barrel racing. Meghan McGinley from Bozeman placed tenth in goat tying. Jhet Murphy and Luke Murphy from Hel-ena finished eighth in team roping. Morgan Rising of Wibaux placed seventh in bull riding. Rodeo is a time-honored sport in Montana and part of our way of life. Montana’s young rodeo athletes work hard to compete at the highest level. I congratulate these young Mon-tanans for their excellence at the National High School Finals Rodeo and for being among the best in the world. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS INTER-NATIONAL THESPIAN SOCIETY TEAM 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate the 31 young men and women from the Northern Mariana Islands who performed so admirably at the International Thespian So-ciety Festival in Lincoln, Nebraska last week. Marianas team members earned Superior Medals and even perfect scores at the event. Winners of Superior Medals were Jonathan and Lars Wolf of Dan Dan Middle School, Louise Li and Julia Malate of Marianas High School, Elizabeth Rose Jones of Kagman High School and the members of Marianas High School’s glee club, ‘‘Rythym N’ Har-mony’’: Miguel Aninon, Roland Balajadia, An-gela Barbo, Eden Conner, Jefferson Cunanan, Donna Galvez, Lesly Ibarra, Leonard Manuel, James Reyes, Charley Sablan, Clarisse Torio, and Rinisa Torres. The Wolf brothers per-formed a duet acting piece, Jones performed a solo musical theatre piece, Rhythm N’ Har-mony won two medals for group musical per-formance while Li and Malate won their med-als in non-performance categories, Li for the-atre marketing and Malate for costume design. Li and Malate also received perfect scores for their performances, with Rhythm N’ Har-mony scoring perfectly twice. The rest of the team performed superbly as well, most receiving ratings of ‘‘excellent’’ for their work. From Dan Dan Middle School is Juliet Inocencio, from Hopwood Junior High School is Edgardo and Vladimir Palma, from Francisco M. Sablan Middle School is Chris-tine Munar, from Grace Christian Academy is Su Min (Melody) Woo and from Marianas High School is Rouxiang (John) Lu, Kaye Ann Obando, Michaela Gatdula, Anjenette Cubangbang, Casey Huliganga, Lance Elayda, Chloe Salvosa, Deirdre Rosete, Kasandra ‘‘Myka’’ Villegas and Kelvin Wolf. Most of these students had to compete throughout the school year to earn a spot on the team roster. But our senior thespians were chosen to participate in an invitation-only Chapter Select Showcase. Their stage produc-tion of ‘‘The Internet is Distract—OH LOOK, A KITTEN’’ by Ian McWethy was an effort that included collaboration from several different schools. Kagman High School Coach Joy Jones directed. The Marianas High School Art Club painted backdrops. And public relations and technical support were the work of the Senior Art Club under the direction of Mari-anas High School Coach Jonel Alepuyo with the participation of all senior performers. The team took home a recognition trophy. In addition to the ratings and medals, the festival was an opportunity for some of our ris-ing seniors to showcase their talents for col-leges in hopes for recruitment. Rouxiang (John) Lu and Su Min (Melody) Woo both got at least 20 call backs and Kelvin Wolf and Clarisse Torrio got at least 10 call backs each. Of course, these young, aspiring enter-tainers could not have been so successful without the team of faculty coaches who helped them hone their skills. Coaching the junior thespians were Kristine Wolf of Dan Dan Middle School and Harold Easton of Mari-anas High School. Coaching the junior thes-pians were Karen Alla and Jonel Jones of Marianas High School and Joy Jones of Kagman High School. I thank them all. In addition to their own performances the Marianas team participated in daily work-shops, saw performances by fellow thespians from around the country, and got the chance to meet and mingle with fellow members of the International Thespian Society, the honor society for middle and high school theatre stu-dents that hosts this festival each year. It is truly an enriching and educational experience. Please join me in congratulating the Mari-anas Team for their outstanding performances at the 2018 International Thespian Festival. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HONOR THE LIFE OF DR. BURTON RICHTER 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of an extraordinary American, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.021 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1088 July 26, 2018 
true patriot, and one of the most highly re-spected scientists in the world, Dr. Burton Richter. Burt Richter was born in Brooklyn, New York, on March 22, 1931, and died July 18, 2018, at the age of 87, in Palo Alto, California. He attended Mercersburg Academy in Penn-sylvania and earned his Bachelor’s degree and Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He joined the High Energy Phys-ics Lab at Stanford in 1956, became a full pro-fessor there in 1967, and he retired as the Paul Piggott Professor in Physical Sciences in 2006. Burt Richter was an extraordinary scientist. For his discovery of the J/psi subatomic par-ticle, called ‘‘the greatest discovery ever in the field of elementary particles,’’ he won and shared the Nobel Prize in 1976 with Samuel Ting of MIT. The discovery, called the ’charm quark’, became part of the Standard Model of particle physics, describing how subatomic particles interact. Dr. Richter was the Director of the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, now SLAC, from 1984 to 1999. During his tenure he oversaw the construction of the Linear Collider and de-signed the SPEAR, the Stanford Positron Ac-celerator Ring, which is still in use today. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Asso-ciation for the Advancement of Science. He served as President of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics and the American Physical Society. Dr. Richter was honored with the National Medal of Science, the Enrico Fermi Award and the Ernest Orlando Lawrence Award. In 2010, he published the book ‘‘Beyond Smoke and Mirrors: Climate Change and Energy in the 21st Century,’’ which explains the facts of cli-mate change to non-scientists. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-resentatives to join me in extending our sin-cerest condolences to Dr. Richter’s wife, Laurose, his daughter Elizabeth, son Matthew, daughter-in-law Cheryl, and his grandchildren Allison and Jennifer. In doing so we honor a great and good man who loved his country and served it with great distinction. Burt Rich-ter advanced the betterment of our world and our country. How blessed I am to have known him, to have been the beneficiary of his wise counsel, and to have been inspired by his in-tegrity and patriotism. Simply put, there was no one like him. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM JENSEN 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, sometimes people say one person can’t make much of a difference. But many times, I’ve seen that this is not true. One prime example was a friend of mine, Tom Jensen, who was a businessman and community leader in my District. Tom was a distinguished member of the Tennessee House of Representatives. During his time in Nashville, he served as chair of the ethics and disclosure committee and was elected as the National Chairman of the State Legislators. In 1996, Tom came to me with the idea of creating the National Safe Skies Alliance to perform research on aviation safety and secu-rity. The alliance is still headquartered near the Knoxville airport. Tom and I went to the FAA for approval of the alliance and over the years the National Safe Skies Alliance has performed safety and security testing on over 120 national airports. This has brought untold millions into East Ten-nessee and has done great national signifi-cance. Not only was he a great leader, but an even better Christian. He and his wife, Carolyn, were always a strong presence with their faith community at Wallace Memorial Baptist Church, where they taught an adult singles class for 45 years. That class is now named the Jensen Sunday School Class. Once he graduated from the University of Tennessee, he went to work for his family business in Knoxville, where he learned the lessons of hard work and service. He took those lessons with him to many business ven-tures, and public service, that led him to his highly successful career. Having the privilege of knowing Tom has certainly proven to me that one man has the ability to make a big difference. He touched thousands in good and positive ways. Tom’s presence in our Knoxville community will be missed. I am honored to have served him in Congress and even more proud to call him a friend. This Nation is a better place today because of the life he led. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF CANYON ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the found-ing of Canyon Elementary School. This school, located in my district, has served and guided students on their educational pursuits. Nestled deep in the redwoods, the school is the only public K–8 institution in the Canyon district. Built in 1918, the school was originally named Valle Vista School, but was later re-named as Canyon School and restructured into a three-classroom complex. Canyon promotes creativity through inspiring art and music programs. Each Wednesday, the school features a comprehensive visual arts program where students participate in Capoeira activities and learn about the musi-cal arts. In addition, Canyon School encour-ages and supports a lively community by means of annual student performances. Canyon Elementary School’s mission is to foster a lifelong appreciation for learning, indi-vidual academic growth, and achievement through artistic expression. The school is a welcoming place for developing the talents, strengths, and confidence of students. As a lifelong advocate for early childhood learning, I am grateful for the work that Can-yon Elementary School does and the contribu-tions they make to the young minds of our dis-trict. Congratulations to Canyon Elementary School on their successful 100 years of serv-ice to students and the community. COLEMAN BAPTIST CHURCH 130TH ANNIVERSARY HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. HARTZLER. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Coleman Baptist Church on celebrating its 130th anniversary on the 28th of July. Since 1887, the church has been a staple of the northern portion of Peculiar Township just south of Kansas City, Missouri. The church was originally established by the daughter of Senator Robert Goodwin Coleman Jr. when she recognized the need for a com-munity church. With help from her father, the family raised the $1,450 needed to build the church. Since then, the church has endured through trials and tribulations, including having to shut down in 1926 due to a decline in mem-bers. But the church didn’t quit, and eventually reopened its doors in 1940 and has remained opened ever since. Throughout the years the Coleman Baptist Church has served as a beacon of hope and perseverance in the Peculiar region. It has touched the lives of so many in the community and I am proud to have this house of worship in my congressional district. Once again, con-gratulations to the Coleman Baptist Church on its 130Th anniversary. May God continue to bless you now and into the future. 
f 
RICHARD LINDSAY TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Lindsay of the Third Congressional District for his lifelong commit-ment to service. Mr. Lindsay was born and raised in Cortez, Colorado and is one of nine siblings. His serv-ice began in July 1943 when he enlisted in the United States Navy, at the age of 17-years- old, to serve in World War II. While stationed in California for boot camp, he was trained in landing aircraft and completed his training with a rank of Seaman First Class. During his service, he was assigned to the USS Bingham where he contributed to the ship’s efforts to provide supplies to troops across the Pacific. While deployed on the USS Bingham, he traveled to Hawaii, Japan, the Marshall Islands, the Philippines, Saipan, and Guam. In Japan, Mr. Lindsay saw action at the Battle of Okinawa, Operation Magic Car-pet, and took part in amphibious warfare train-ing. Three years later, in June 1946, Mr. Lindsay transferred to the U.S. Navy Reserve, and was able to return home to complete his high school degree. Just a few years later, he met a woman named Nelda, they fell in love, and together they started a family and went on to open The Flower Cottage in Cortez, which they have run together since 1960. Since then, he has been heavily involved within the Cortez community, spending count-less hours volunteering for the Lions Club, American Legion, Elks Club, and coaching Lit-tle League baseball. Mr. Lindsay has worked 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26JY8.020 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1089 July 26, 2018 
with local organizations to build the golf course, ball fields, and fairgrounds. Just a few years ago, Mr. Lindsay participated in an Honor Flight to Washington, D.C. where he had the opportunity to see the World War II Memorial for the first time alongside his fellow comrades in arms. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Third Con-gressional District of Colorado, I would like thank Mr. Lindsay for his dedication to the Cortez community and our nation. He has led an exemplary life and Cortez is proud to have Mr. Lindsay as one of its sons. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVEN M. PALAZZO 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded voting on 7/25/18 for the second vote series. I was absent due to traffic. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 375; and YEA on Roll Call No. 376. 
f 
HONORING MASTER SERGEANT CHRISTOPHER B. KNIGHT 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Master Sergeant Christopher B. Knight of the Indiana National Guard. Master Sergeant Knight is the recipient of the 2018 National Guard Military Person of the Year award for the state of Indiana. The award recognizes the very best personnel of Indiana National Guard. As 8th district com-mander Larry French stated, Master Sergeant Knight ‘‘exemplifies what a member of the United States Military should be, both in and out of uniform’’. Master Sergeant Knight of Charlestown joined the Indiana National Guard in May of 2000, deploying as an Aircraft Maintenance Journeyman Apprentice at Sheppard Air Force Base in Texas. He is currently serving as a Crew Chief for the 123rd Aircraft Maintenance Squadron. Additionally, Master Sergeant Knight has gallantly served our country both abroad in Iraq and at home during relief efforts after Hurricanes Katrina and Gustav. I would like to congratulate Master Sergeant Knight on his award and thank him and all members of the Indiana National Guard for their service. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF E. DILLON & COMPANY 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the 150th anniversary of E. Dillon & Company of Swords Creek, Virginia. Since 1868, E. Dillon & Company has operated in the mining, concrete, and masonry business. It began with Colonel Edward Dillon, a super-intendent of construction for the James River and Kanawha Canal Company, and his dis-covery of limestone deposits in Botetourt County. Dillon built a lime kiln near the Town of Buchanan and began supplying agricultural, masonry, and calcium lime, using the James River to ship his products east. E. Dillon & Company eventually moved clos-er to Buchanan and then expanded to a sec-ond location in Swords Creek, where the com-pany is now headquartered. Among the items it produces and sells today are construction aggregate, glass dolomite, mineral fillers and extenders, and coal mining products, as well as concrete masonry products. Over 100 em-ployees work at their facility, which overlooks the Clinch River. For its commitment to envi-ronmental stewardship and safety, E. Dillon & Company was recognized with an Environ-mental Quality award in 2017 by the Virginia Department of Mines, Minerals and Energy, Division of Gas and Oil and the Virginia Oil and Gas Association. The world looks very different than it did in 1868, a world of telegraphs and railroads. Today, we have a world of smart phones and reusable rockets. Despite all the changes, E. Dillon & Company still stands as a pillar of Southwest Virginia’s economy. E. Dillon & Company will celebrate its milestone anniver-sary on August 4, 2018. I congratulate all as-sociated with the company on the occasion and extend my best wishes for their continued success. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Wednesday, July 25, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on final passage for H.R. 6199, the Restoring Access to Medication Act (RC No. 377). Ex-panding health savings accounts will give di-rect assistance to families suffering from costly Obamacare premiums, and I am pleased to see provisions of my bill to provide first-dollar coverage for chronic diseases in this legisla-tion. It is paramount for Americans to have ac-cess to the best and most affordable health care possible, and I remain dedicated to fight-ing for patient-centered reforms that promote choice and freedom. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF DR. BURTON RICHTER 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of Dr. Burton Richter on July 18, 2018. Dr. Richter was of major impor-tance to the strength and defense of the United States, winning the Nobel Prize in 1976 for the co-discovery of a transient fundamental particle, the cc¯meson, that he named the psi particle. The pioneering Stanford Positron Electron Asymmetric Rings (SPEAR) facility at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC), where the psi particle was discov-ered, was one of the class of accelerators that came to dominate worldwide experimental high-energy particle physics. Dr. Richter formed and led the group that invented and built these first accelerators and his work was sponsored by the Department of Energy. Dr. Richter received innumerable honors in the scientific community, serving as Director of SLAC from 1984 to 1999 and in many other prestigious positions, including President of the American Physical Society in 1994. Dr. Richter’s sense of public service and concern for the future of society was reflected in his membership in the JASONs, a scientific advi-sory group, primarily in the areas of defense and intelligence to the U .S. government. He was present at Ronald Reagan’s 1983 speech on the Strategic Defense Initiative and served as a key and extraordinarily valued advisor to the Department of Energy, which supports ac-celerator research to this day, in areas as di-verse as nuclear weapons, general basic re-search, climate change, and international rela-tions. Dr. Richter valued innovation and advance in all spheres of technology and science, and served on key industrial Boards of Directors where he had a lasting impact. He and his wife Laurose inspired and enlivened the lives of a generation of scientists and engineers and it was, in fact, Laurose’s enthusiasm and interest in an electric car provided by General Motors that helped promote interest in such vehicles. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Richter’s life is an example of accomplishment and public service. He served our country in the best possible fashion and his contributions, of which we all benefit, will long endure. f 
CONGRATULATING MASTER SERGEANT STEPHEN MALLETTE 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to congratulate Master Sergeant Ste-phen Mallette on the occasion of his retire-ment from the United States Air Force. Chief Master Sergeant in the United States Air Force is the highest senior-level enlisted per-son in the U.S. Air Force. Chief Master Ser-geant Stephen J. Mallette was born and raised in Chicago, Illinois and graduated from Proviso West High School and enlisted in the Air Force in 1988. After joining the Air Force, Sergeant Mallette took courses in Korea 1989: 1990 Korean Cryptologic Analytic Technical Training Course (Distinguished Graduate) 1993 Airman Leadership School (Distin-guished Graduate) Davis-Monthan Graduate 2003 Noncommissioned Officer Academy, Lackland Air Force Base in Lackland, Texas Chief Master Sergeant Stephen Mallette has excelled at every level to which he has been assigned. Sergeant Stephen Mallette is ex-actly the kind of person our country would like to see in the military: well-trained, highly moti-vated and loyal to our country. He is the best, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.025 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1090 July 26, 2018 
and as he leaves the military he will continue to be the best. I thank him for his many years of service, and may the good Lord continue to bless and keep him. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING LIEUTENANT COLONEL DENNIS P. SUGRUE FOR HIS SERVICE WITH THE U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Dennis Sugrue for his service as Commander at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Detroit District. Through his exceptional leadership and stead-fast devotion, LTC Sugrue has become an in-dispensable part of the state of Michigan. LTC Sugrue first assumed command at the Detroit District in July of 2016. Under his lead-ership, the Corps has worked to ensure envi-ronmental stability and engineering excellence in the infrastructure of the Great Lakes Re-gion. From dredging waterways and mitigating the threat of natural disasters to preserving and improving the Soo Locks, the work of LTC Sugrue and the Army Corps has been critical to protecting the Great Lakes and promoting the livelihoods of Michiganders and Americans everywhere. Prior to his work in Michigan, LTC Sugrue served as the Deputy District Commander of the Corps’ Los Angeles District. His service also included work in Germany, New York, two tours in Afghanistan, and one in Kosovo. He is a 1999 graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point where he re-ceived a Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering, and holds two Master of Science degrees from Missouri Science and Tech-nology and The Johns Hopkins University. He is a recipient of the Bronze Star, Meritorious Service Medal, Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal, and several other prestigious awards recognizing his extraor-dinary service. Lieutenant Colonel Sugrue will be officially relieved by LTC Gregory E. Turner on July 26th at the Grosse Pointe War Memo-rial. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Dennis Sugrue for his service to the people of Michigan with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. On behalf of my constituents, I wish LTC Sugrue all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHRISTIAN CARE MINISTRY’S 25 YEARS OF SERVICE 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the 25th anniversary of Christian Care Ministry, an outreach of the American Evangelistic Association. Based in Melbourne, Florida, this not-for-profit organization was founded by Dr. E. John Reinhold as a formal-ized approach to sharing healthcare burdens. Beginning with a mere 600 households in 1993, membership in Christian Care Ministry’s Medi-Share program has skyrocketed over the last 25 years. Through Medi-Share, over $2.6 billion in medical bills has been shared and discounted by more than 400,000 members across the nation. ‘‘Launched from a kitchen table at our home, Christian Care Ministry has served hun-dreds of thousands through providing a mech-anism for mutual care. I am proud to have founded this ministry and to have been part of what it has meant to so many,’’ Reinhold shared. After the passage of the Affordable Care Act, Christians recognized an opportunity to be part of something bigger than healthcare— a sharing community that met the require-ments of the new healthcare law without com-promising their values. Christian Care Ministry has not only helped many to faithfully handle expensive medical bills, it has also been a boon to the economy of Brevard County. The mayor of Melbourne, Kathy Meehan, stated, ‘‘by providing more than 430 jobs at its Melbourne headquarters and making signifi-cant financial investments in its facility, Chris-tian Care Ministry has made a substantial eco-nomic impact on our community. We are proud to have the ministry in the City of Mel-bourne and are grateful for the benefits it has provided to our community for the past 25 years.’’ Christian Care Ministry has more than 600 faithful and dedicated employees nationwide and are proud of their diligence in providing outstanding customer service. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Christian Care Ministry for 25 years of service and for their dedication to assisting those who need medical care. f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-position to the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017 (H.R. 184). The medical device industry serves a vital role in Minnesota by supporting thousands of jobs and providing lifesaving technology. Nonetheless, repealing the medical device tax without a fiscal offset only intensifies the Republican sabotage of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). I represent 700,000 constituents and the majority have made it clear the ongo-ing attacks on the ACA and our healthcare system are intolerable. Therefore, I cannot support a tax cut on medical devices while the White House and Republicans in Congress continue to cut healthcare for millions of Amer-icans, including stripping protections for indi-viduals with preexisting conditions. The fiscal shortsightedness of this legisla-tion is deeply troubling. Like most corpora-tions, medical device companies received bil-lions in tax cuts that were completely unpaid for in the recent Republican tax overhaul. Re-pealing the medical device tax would give an-other tax break in excess of $20 billion to these same medical device companies with devastating fiscal implications. Unfortunately, it has become clear that Re-publicans plan to cover the costs of these def-icit-exploding tax measures by forcing drastic cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Secu-rity. It is simply unacceptable that these al-ready cash-strapped programs will be forced to foot the bill for corporate tax cuts. Consid-ering that the Republican tax bill eliminated healthcare coverage for 13 million people, we should be investing in earned benefit pro-grams now that the need for them is greater than ever. Passing yet another unpaid tax break simply makes these pending cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security all the more likely. A bipartisan, responsible bill should be draft-ed that allows the medical device sector to continue to innovate and invest without this target tax, but any solution needs to be paid for and it should have broad support from Re-publicans and Democrats. f 
UNITED STATES-TURKEY RELATIONSHIP 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the United States- Turkey relationship continues to deteriorate. Turkey has long been an important American ally and key NATO member. However, this re-lationship has frayed in recent years, and I in-creasingly question whether Turkey’s auto-cratic ruler, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, is truly committed to his country’s relationship with the United States. I must first express my profound disappoint-ment in the Turkish court’s verdict last week against American Pastor Andrew Brunson. While yesterday’s step to move him from a Turkish prison to house arrest is a step in the right direction, it is still not enough. I call on Turkey to release Mr. Brunson, who has com-mitted no crime, and return him to his family. I make the same call in support of NASA sci-entist Serkan Golge as well as other United States citizens and U.S. Mission local employ-ees who are wrongly held. Two years ago, this month, a failed military coup took place in Turkey. This was a trau-matic experience for the Turkish people, as it would have been for the citizens of any coun-try. There is no doubt that it has been a chal-lenge to effectively deal with this situation. Nevertheless, I remain deeply concerned about the Turkish government’s response which has led to curtailing personal liberty and press freedoms and, in many cases, sus-pending or ignoring the rule of law. While the State of Emergency has expired, President Erdogan continues to crackdown on suspected opponents. Such actions are inconsistent with Turkey’s international commitments to organi-zations such as NATO and with its aspiring European Union membership. In my experience, America’s partnerships are strongest when our friends and allies are fully committed to democratic values. Among the challenges in our relationship with Turkey are the Turkish government’s constraints on freedom and democracy. I believe that remov-ing these constraints will substantially benefit both the United States and Turkey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.031 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1091 July 26, 2018 
I’ve heard the argument that because Tur-key lives in a dangerous neighborhood, it must take bold actions to preserve its own security. There is no doubt that Turkey faces threats from an array of terrorist groups, a murderous Syrian regime headed by Bashar al-Assad, and other destabilizing influences across the region. But the best way for Turkey to meet these challenges is in partnership with the United States and other NATO allies. This is why I am supremely alarmed that Turkey is considering purchasing a Russian air-defense system rather than a NATO air-de-fense system. The operation of a non-NATO system puts the security of NATO members at serious risk and is inconsistent with the spirit of the alliance, not to mention interoperability among NATO member states. The Alliance understands Turkey’s desire for air defense and wants to help, but Ankara’s continued stated intention to acquire the S-400 is an ob-stacle to NATO’s ability to assist and sends a signal that Ankara wants to break away on core defense issues. In the time left before Turkey potentially makes a serious miscalculation, there is a key fact to highlight: the United States has offered Turkey two air and missile defense systems, including the Patriot PAC–3 system, which would fulfill Turkey’s defense needs, but ulti-mate receipt and delivery of the Patriot is con-tingent on Turkey cancelling the S–400 deal. For these reasons, I, like many of my col-leagues, remain willing to work with Turkey in order to support its purchase of a NATO air defense system. But, I want to be clear: Turkey must dem-onstrate its commitment to its relationship with the United States and NATO. It can do so by taking the steps I previously noted, including releasing Mr. Brunson, Mr. Golge, and others; enhancing Turkish personal freedoms and pro-moting the rule of law; and acquiring a NATO, rather than Russian, air-defense system. No doubt, the United States has other important differences with Ankara, including its difficult relations with Israel, its occupation of Cyprus, and its improving ties with Moscow. But, should Turkey pursue the course I’ve outlined, it would represent an important step toward patching up some of our key differences. Like many of my colleagues, I wish that our relationship with Turkey were on better foot-ing. Turkey has been a strong NATO partner for decades. For the good of both the United States and Turkey, NATO, and the region, we must work to improve this relationship. 
f 
HONORING THE CITY OF SOUTH EL MONTE, CALIFORNIA ON ITS 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the City of South El Monte, California, which I have the privilege of representing in Califor-nia’s 38th Congressional District. On July 30th, 2018, South El Monte will celebrate its 60th Anniversary. Located in the heart of the San Gabriel Valley, South El Monte is a color-ful, diverse, and thriving community. Known to many as the ‘‘City of Achieve-ment’’, South El Monte has come a long way since it was incorporated as a city with 3,000 residents in 1958. The city is now home to over 20,000 Californians and a robust busi-ness community. With easy access to major Southern California freeways, South El Monte hosts more than 2,400 businesses and serves as an important manufacturing base for the Los Angeles region, including in the space an aerospace industries. Beyond its prosperous business sector, South El Monte is a tight-knit community. Since its inception, the city’s mission has been to improve the quality of life of its residents. The Whittier Narrows Recreation Area and Legg Lake on the city’s border, as well as the city’s commitment to those who serve in our armed forces through its Active Military Ban-ner Program, unite a diverse population with a rich history. I am honored to represent this city and its residents, and look forward to what the next 60 years have in store. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DEMOC-RACY RESTORATION ACT OF 2018 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to introduce the Democracy Restora-tion Act of 2018. This legislation will serve to clarify and, in some cases, expand the voting rights of people with felony convictions, the next logical step in restoring their full participa-tion in civic life. The United States remains one of the world’s strictest nations when it comes to de-nying the right to vote to citizens convicted of crimes. An estimated 6.1 million citizens are ineligible to vote in federal elections due to their status as ex-offenders. More than four and a half million of these disqualified voters are not in prison, but are on probation, parole, or have completed their sentence. Due to dif-ferences in state laws and rates of criminal punishment, states vary widely in the practice of disenfranchisement, demonstrating a critical federal interest for uniform standards. Clarification of the law on restoration of ex- offender voting rights is a critical next step in criminal justice reform. In 2007, President George W. Bush signed the Second Chance Act into law, signaling a bipartisan awareness of the importance of enacting policies that as-sist in the reintegration of ex-offenders into their communities. Recent public opinion re-search has also shown that a significant ma-jority of Americans favor voting rights for peo-ple on probation or parole, who are currently supervised in their communities, as well as for individuals who have completed their sen-tences. This legislation both captures the bi-partisan spirit of the Bush administration and is consistent with evolving public opinion on rehabilitation of ex-offenders. From a constitutional basis, the Democracy Restoration Act is a narrowly crafted effort to expand voting rights for people with felony convictions, while protecting state prerogatives to generally establish voting qualifications. The legislation would only apply to persons who are not in prison, and would only apply to fed-eral elections. As such, our bill is fully con-sistent with constitutional requirements estab-lished by the Supreme Court in a series of de-cisions upholding federal voting rights laws. Since this legislation was first introduced in 2008, the Sentencing Project reports 27 states have amended felony disenfranchisement poli-cies in an effort to reduce their restrictiveness and expand voter eligibility. These reforms have resulted in an estimated more than 800,000 citizens regaining their voting rights. Yet, despite these reforms, the overall rate of ex-offender disenfranchisement has not abated and continues to have a dispropor-tionate impact on communities of color. Many of the state reforms still rely on lengthy waiting periods or clemency and several feature bur-densome procedural hurdles that have proven difficult to navigate for persons seeking to re-store their voting rights. As a result, approxi-mately 50 percent of the entire disenfranchised population is clustered in 12 states, with Florida alone accounting for 48 percent of the post-sentence population. Proponents of ex-offender disenfranchise-ment have offered few justifications for con-tinuing the practice. In fact, the strongest em-pirical research suggests that prohibitions on the right to vote undermine both our voting system and the fundamental rights of people with felony convictions. A series of studies make clear that civic engagement is pivotal in the transition from incarceration and discour-aging repeat offenses. Disenfranchisement laws only serve to isolate and alienate ex-of-fenders, creating additional obstacles in their attempt to successfully put the past behind them by fully reintegrating into society. But that is only half the story. The current patchwork of state laws has created widespread confusion among election officials throughout the country and has served as the justification for flawed voter purges. For example, although people with misdemeanor convictions never lose the right to vote in Ohio, in 2008, 30 percent of election officials in the state responded incorrectly or expressed uncertainty about whether individ-uals with misdemeanor convictions could vote. A similar survey by the Nebraska ACLU in ad-vance of the 2016 general election determined that about half of state election officials gave out the wrong information about former felons’ voting rights. Given the general confusion by election officials on restoration of voting rights, many ex-offenders are hesitant to even at-tempt registration, depriving eligible voters of their rights. Only federal law can conclusively resolve the ambiguities in this area plaguing our voting system. For many years, voting restoration legisla-tion has been supported by a broad coalition of groups interested in voting and civil rights, including the NAACP, ACLU, Human Rights Watch, the Brennan Center for Justice, and the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights, among many others. This coalition has ex-panded to include many law enforcement groups including the American Probation and Parole Association, the Association of Paroling Authorities International, and the National Black Police Association, among others, who recognize that allowing people to vote after re-lease from prison helps rebuild ties to the community that motivate law-abiding behavior. The denial of voting rights by many states to ex-offenders represents a vestige from a time when suffrage was denied to whole classes of our population based on race, gender, religion, national origin and property. I believe that our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.035 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1092 July 26, 2018 
nation fails not only people with felony convic-tions by denying them the right to vote, but the rest of our society that has struggled through-out its history to ensure that its citizenry be part of legitimate and inclusive elections. It is long overdue that these restrictions be rel-egated to unenlightened history. 
f 
JOINING NORTH HALL MIDDLE SCHOOL TO HONOR GEORGIA’S FIRST LADY, SANDRA DEAL 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate North Hall Middle School on its new literacy garden. The school dedicated this garden to one of its former teachers, my friend and Georgia’s First Lady, Mrs. Sandra Deal. As the husband of a Hall County teacher and father of three kids who attended North Hall Middle School, I join the community in welcoming this addition to the school. The Sandra Deal Secret Reading Garden will in-spire students to dive into books outside the classroom and explore the garden’s variety of plants. Since becoming First Lady, Mrs. Deal has advocated for literacy across our state. She currently serves as the co-chair of the Georgia Literacy Commission, where she partners with experts to improve low literacy rates and en-courage students to read through campaigns like ‘‘Read Across Georgia Month.’’ In the last eight years, Mrs. Deal has visited schools in each of Georgia’s 159 counties. During each visit, she takes the time to read to students and hear from educators about lit-eracy in their classrooms. Mr. Speaker, Sandra Deal’s tenure as First Lady will come to a close at the end of the year, but her legacy of promoting compassion for students and lifelong learning will endure across our state for years to come. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE CREEKVIEW HIGH SCHOOL 2018 INTER-NATIONAL ROCKETRY CHAL-LENGE WINNERS 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding 2018 Inter-national Rocketry Challenge winners from Creekview High School in Canton, Georgia. These four students: Brayden Dodge, Ken-nedy Hugo, Aiden McChesney, and Warren Teachworth, under the leadership of Coach Tim Smyrl, competed against the best rocketry teams from around the globe and won First Place in the International Rocketry Challenge (IRC) at the Farnborough International Air-show. This amazing team represented the United States against top teams from the United Kingdom, France, and Japan. Much hard-work and dedication went into securing this victory, and we are very proud of them all. In order to capture First Place, the IRC re-quired that students successfully launch a raw hen’s egg 800 feet and safely return it to earth in forty-three seconds or less. Additionally, teams had to present the specifications of their rocket’s design to a panel of esteemed international space experts. Creekview High School placed first in both the Rocket Launch and the Presentation components of the com-petition. This is the thirteenth year the Raytheon Company has sponsored team U.S.A., and we are thrilled that this U.S. winning team was from the 11th Congressional District of Geor-gia. On behalf of Georgia’s 11th Congres-sional District and the United States House of Representatives, I commend the excellent work of the 2018 Creekview High School team, and congratulate them on representing Georgia and the United States of America so well. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. WAYNE PHANEUF 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate my friend Wayne Phaneuf for being named an awardee of the Yankee Quill by the Academy of New England Journalists. The Yankee Quill is pre-sented by fellow journalists to recognize the lifetime achievement of those who have had a broad influence for good, both inside and out-side the newsroom. It is considered the high-est individual honor of its kind in the New Eng-land region. The award is a fitting testament to Wayne’s hard work, dedication, and exemplary character as a respected and committed jour-nalist of 49 years with The Republican news-paper in Springfield, Massachusetts. Wayne grew up in the McKnight neighbor-hood of Springfield and attended public schools in the area. He went on to American International College in Springfield and grad-uated from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. He then went on to work as a re-porter, columnist, assistant managing editor, and now executive editor over the course of his remarkable career with The Republican in his hometown. In those capacities, Wayne has undoubtedly contributed greatly to the commu-nities of Western Massachusetts and beyond. Since The Republican’s establishment in 1824, individuals like Wayne have played a significant role in growing the newspaper and keeping the people it serves informed, edu-cated, and connected. Wayne has not only demonstrated an unwavering commitment to ethical, objective, and high-quality journalism, but also maintained a meaningful connection with the community he has served, including making regular public speaking appearances and authoring several books about the history of the region, especially Springfield’s Union Station. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again extend my sincerest congratulations to Mr. Wayne Phaneuf. He has demonstrated exceptional service, leadership, and dedication over his 49-year career. The Yankee Quill recognizes those admirable traits, and also Wayne’s broad influence for good in serving the public welfare. The Yankee Quill is certainly a well- deserved honor for him. I wish Wayne all the best in his future endeavors, including at the annual conferences of the New England Soci-ety of News Editors and the New England Newspaper and Press Association on October 11, 2018, where he will be officially presented The Yankee Quill. f 
HUTCHINSON CHURCH GROUP VOLUNTEERS 
HON. COLLIN C. PETERSON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a group of four adults and eight students from Hutchinson, Minnesota, who traveled to Haiti and volunteered a week of their time to build and upgrade a new church office and teach kids at an Orphanage through a missionary program through Peace Lutheran Church. These men and women rolled up their sleeves to help as much as possible at Good Shepherd Orphanage. The first day at the Or-phanage they worked with kids on arts and crafts projects and helped the local pastor with construction on his new office in the church. After a week of work, the group was sched-uled to fly back to Minnesota. However, civil unrest in Port-au-Prince forced the State De-partment to issue a shelter-in-place warning to Americans staying near the capital. The Or-phanage was very helpful in making sure they had enough food and water for the additional three days they stayed. At the Orphanage, the group felt safe as rock blockades and fires prevented their movement. While civil unrest continued to paralyze Port-au-Prince, my office stayed in close con-tact with the Hutchinson church group. Over the three days, they experienced more of Hai-tian culture and spent extra time working with the kids. Once most of the road blockades were secure and local authorities deemed it safe to move, the group was escorted to the airport and boarded a flight home. I am thank-ful for the aptly-named Good Shepherd Or-phanage who provided shelter, food, and water to a group of Minnesotans who needed it unexpectedly. I look forward to meeting with the Hutchinson church group to learn more about their incredible experiences in Haiti. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF STUDENT LOAN BANKRUPTCY ACT OF 2018 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, student loan debt has risen dramatically over the past dec-ades. Today, many borrowers find themselves unable to repay their student loans. In the past, Congress has determined that allowing borrowers to easily discharge student loans under bankruptcy could threaten the student loan program and therefore have made stu-dent loans non-dischargeable. This decision has limited the circumstances in which a bor-rower may discharge their student loan debt. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.037 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1093 July 26, 2018 
That is why I am introducing the ‘‘Student Loan Bankruptcy Act,’’ a bill to provide both private and federal student loan borrowers an opportunity to obtain relief from insurmount-able debt. Currently, student loans are among the types of debt that require debtors to provide proof of an ‘‘undue hardship.’’ The interpreta-tion of undue hardship has varied drastically in the courts throughout the United States. My bill would allow a borrower with student loan debt to file for bankruptcy after five years in the same way they would with any other type of debt. Of course, just because one files for bankruptcy, does not mean one will be grant-ed it and their debt will be discharged. How-ever, the opportunity to file for bankruptcy can provide relief for debtors who are truly strug-gling and can no longer afford to pay off their debt. During the 1980s, debtors had a temporal discharge option. It used to be law that debt-ors had two options for discharging student loans: the borrower would (1) demonstrate an undue hardship or (2) prove that the loan first became due at least five years before the debtor filed for bankruptcy. This in turn made student loan debt dischargeable as all other types of ways to file for bankruptcy, after five years. Mr. Speaker, one should never fear to pur-sue an education because of the cost. Bor-rowers with growing student loan debt should have the opportunity to file for bankruptcy without the need to jump through bureaucratic hoops. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF YEMENI AMERICAN NEWS’ 10 YEARS OF SERVICE TO OUR MICHIGAN COMMUNTIY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Yemeni American News as it celebrates 10 years of service to our Michigan community. Its journalism serves as a valuable voice highlighting national and local matters affecting the Yemeni American community in Southeast Michigan while facilitating dialogue on pressing issues facing this valued commu-nity. Founded in 2008, the Yemeni American News was established with the mission of highlighting issues such as education, culture, and the economy while providing diverse view-points from within the Yemeni-American com-munity. Today, the Yemeni American News is published by Rasheed Alnozili and headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan where it serves the same population that it set out to serve one decade ago. The paper honors out-standing individuals, and always works to highlight the rich cultural background and vi-brant heritage of Yemeni Americans. The Yemeni American News prints monthly, producing hundreds of stories, and show-casing the successes of our Southeastern Michigan community. It plays an important role in keeping our community informed and has kept pace with Yemeni-American society as it emerges within the fabric of our great multi- ethnic American society, while pressing for justice and reinforcing the importance of a free press, one of the most important pillars of our democracy. The Yemeni American News launched its website in 2008 as a cultural plat-form to spread educational, political, and legal awareness which is vital to southeast Michi-gan’s dynamic Yemeni American population. Not only is it a bilingual newspaper, it is a platform that strengthens Yemenis’ ties with their roots and history while building bridges and interdependence with other local commu-nities. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Yemeni American News for enriching the lives of countless Michigan citi-zens through 10 years of service to our Michi-gan community. We look forward to the Yem-eni American News’ continued honest jour-nalism and outstanding performance in the years to come. f 
CELEBRATING THE FRELING-HUYSEN MORRIS HOUSE AND STUDIO’S 20TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Frelinghuysen Morris House and Studio located in the Town of Lenox, Massachusetts, on the occasion of its 20th Anniversary. Estelle ‘‘Suzy’’ Frelinghuysen and George L.K. Morris were an extraordinary couple and prolific abstract artists, who were deeply in-volved with national and international art throughout their lifetimes. As collectors and artists themselves, Frelinghuysen and Morris created a Berkshire home that they designed after the Bauhaus and filled with their expan-sive collection of art. Today, they are being widely rediscovered and praised as important figures in the history of American art. Suzy Frelinghuysen, of Newark, New Jer-sey, was a trained opera singer who per-formed for the New York City Opera. She sang the leading roles of ‘‘Tosca’’ and ‘‘Ariadne auf Naxos’’ as a dramatic soprano. She married Morris in 1935 and by 1938 she became the first female artist to have a paint-ing placed in the permanent collection of A.E. Gallatin’s Museum of Living Art in New York City. Suzy was also a founding member of the American Abstract Artists. Her work can be viewed in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and the Carnegie Institute. George L.K. Morris of New York traveled to Paris in 1929 with his cousin, A.E. Gallatin, where he met Picasso, Braque, and Brancusi. He further studied in the studio of Fernand Leger and Amedee Ozenfant. Later, he be-came one of the founders of the American Ab-stract Artists. He was passionate about Cub-ism and abstract art, which led him to become an editor and art critic for the Partisan Review. His work can be viewed in the collections of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Whitney Museum, the Brooklyn Museum, the Philadel-phia Museum of Art, and the Carnegie Insti-tute. Before her death in 1988, Suzy established the Morris Foundation and left instructions for their home, studio, and art collection intact and be used for educational purposes. Her nephew Kinney Frelinghuysen and his wife Linda have transformed their home into the Frelinghuysen Morris House and Studio. The 46 acre estate opened for visitation in 1998. Visitors can walk through their house with all of its original furnishings and see not only Suzy and George’s own work, but also the work of their famous colleagues and con-temporaries including Picasso, Braque, Leger, and Gris. As Kinney notes, ‘‘The integration of living quarters with the immediacy of a con-centration of works of art is a pleasurable and unexpected way to propel visitors into early 20th century art.’’ Kinney and Linda have also completed several restoration projects over the past twenty years to preserve the iconic house. Kinney dreams that the Frelinghuysen Mor-ris House and Studio will achieve National Historic Landmark status and believes that his Aunt Suzy would be pleased with their work to preserve her legacy. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our col-leagues join me in celebrating the Freling-huysen Morris House and Studio’s 20th Anni-versary. 
f 
PROTECT MEDICAL INNOVATION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, July 24, 2018 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my thoughts on H.R. 184, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2017. I recognize concerns regarding the implications of an ex-cise tax on medical devices for the consumer. However, this bill is a clear effort by the House Majority to continue taking a sledge-hammer to the Affordable Care Act and pan-der to corporate interests. H.R. 184 is neither good policy nor good messaging. Americans need thoughtful legisla-tion that will improve upon the Affordable Care Act, lower healthcare costs and insurance pre-miums, expand access to care, and improve the quality of care they receive. Instead, the House Majority brought H.R. 184 to the Floor, without providing for the cost of eliminating the tax, increasing the deficit by $20 billion dollars over 10 years, all to benefit major corpora-tions. As we’ve seen them do before after the passage of their Tax Scam, Republicans would then cynically use the rising deficits as an excuse to target Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Therefore, I do not believe it is prudent to repeal this tax, especially without a plan to offset the cost. I encourage the Majority to make an earnest effort to improve the state of our healthcare systems. I’d gladly join them in working to produce legislation that strengthens the Afford-able Care Act by protecting preexisting condi-tions, expanding access to critical health serv-ices, increasing insurance coverage enroll-ment, decreasing costs and premiums, and improving the quality of treatment all Ameri-cans receive. H.R. 184 accomplishes none of these. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.042 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1094 July 26, 2018 
HONORING RECIPIENTS OF THE 2018 THIRD DISTRICT EXCEL-LENCE IN ECONOMIC DEVELOP-MENT AWARDS 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, today I honor eleven individuals and businesses from Nebraska receiving the 2018 Third Dis-trict Excellence in Economic Development Award. Throughout the 75 counties of the Third Dis-trict, entrepreneurs and innovators are working hard to grow opportunity in our state. In May, I called for nominations for individ-uals, businesses, and organizations helping to strengthen Nebraska communities through in-novation, hard work, entrepreneurship, and historic preservation. The Hub of Burwell is currently owned by John and Melissa Schere. ‘‘The Hub’’ was originally built as a professional building in 1906 by Burwell-area entrepreneur H.J. Coffin. The building, the first in the area to be built of concrete block, was an early home of the Burwell Mercantile and Burwell Drug Com-pany. This building served as an important part of the commercial center (or Hub) of Burwell until it was abandoned in 2003. The building was purchased by John and Melissa Schere in 2006, and joined the Register of Na-tional Historic Places the same year. Their goal was to restore ‘‘The Hub’’ to its status as a community center and to its original early 20th century purpose and aesthetic. Today, the Scheres are proud to provide a coffee and old fashioned ice cream soda fountain and re-tail space capable of hosting public meetings for community members of all ages. Lukjan Metal of Sidney is a family owned and operated business which has been manu-facturing high quality sheet metal pipe, duct, and fittings for the wholesale HVAC industry since February 1964. Opening their Sidney lo-cation in early 2017, the family-owned com-pany is proud to provide 30 jobs currently, with plans to nearly double this capacity by 2021. The Lukjan family believed Sidney pro-vided an excellent expansion opportunity which allowed their company access to the Denver market. Blue Print Engines of Kearney was founded by Norris Marshall in the early 1980s in a rented garage. Blue Print Engines recently moved into a 150,000 square foot production and testing facility, and now employs over 100 people in the Kearney area. Having an attitude which ‘‘exemplifies Kearney,’’ according to Kearney Mayor Stan Clouse, Mr. Marshall has quietly turned his passion for rebuilding high performance car engines into one of the larg-est crate engine manufacturers in the world, serving customers ranging in size from indi-vidual car collectors to NASCAR. Recently, Mr. Marshall has embarked on a new journey, training the next generation of engineers and craftsmen who will carry on his passion for the next several decades through his award win-ning collaboration with Kearney Public Schools. LiteForm of South Sioux City, led by their founder, Pat Boeshart, has proven to be a committed, innovative economic and commu-nity partner in northeast Nebraska and the greater Siouxland area. Their organization is committed to constructing extremely energy efficient buildings throughout the world, con-stantly seeking ways to improve the energy ef-ficiency and construction techniques of their units. LiteForm also came to the rescue for the Siouxland area during the Missouri River flooding in 2011, providing needed resources and rebuilding support. Over the last several years Boeshart has developed an energy and resource efficient replacement for rebar called GlassBar, a non-rusting material which re-duces cost and material weight. The Urwiller Family of Ravenna, led by fam-ily matriarch Bea Urwiller and her late hus-band Richard, started Urwiller’s Melon Patch out of a desire to share their abundant melon harvest with area residents and those driving down Nebraska’s Highway 2. Though their son Robert, his wife Christie, their children Kody, Michaela, Kent, and his wife Sara have now taken lead of the Urwiller Melon Patch, they have never missed a season, and always re-mained committed to producing quality melons and vegetables dedicated to the Nebraska val-ues of hard work, common sense, and fair-ness in their business. The Urwiller family took their entrepreneurial energy a step further and opened two additional businesses in the last 10 years in the Ravenna community. Christie and her daughter Michaela translated a baking and catering home-based business into a pop-ular Ravenna-area breakfast establishment, ‘‘Christie’s Kitchen.’’ Knowing their business has succeeded because of their commitment to quality, they arrive by 2 a.m. every day to ensure their customers receive fresh-baked, and locally provided items every morning. Kent and his wife Sara opened Prairie Hills Wireless in 2013. Prairie Hills is an inde-pendent high-quality broadband provider. They now serve over 70 percent of the Ravenna community, and have the capacity to provide service to every community within a 20-minute drive of Ravenna. The Wireless Internet Serv-ice Providers Association (WISPA) recognized Kent as their 2017 Operator of the Year. Larry Paulsen of Cozad has worked tire-lessly for many years to create opportunities for others to be successful. These successes can be seen not only in his own business, Paulsen Incorporated, a construction/redi-mix company and one of the largest employers in the Cozad area, but in the downtown district of Cozad, local baseball fields, the chamber of commerce, community festivals, local muse-ums, and many other places. Larry often pur-chases and renovates buildings in downtown Cozad to allow small businesses an oppor-tunity to grow. He is also at every Legion baseball game, behind the grill, ensuring all the fans have enough to eat, and assisting with field preparation before and after the games. As an avid volunteer and promoter of Cozad who is committed to community serv-ice, Larry’s actions have truly strengthened Cozad, Dawson County, and state of Ne-braska. The Anson Family of Grand Island— Charles, John, and Amos—is changing the landscape of Grand Island’s downtown area. Renovating and giving new life to a historic building can be a daunting task, and is not for the faint of heart. This type of challenge takes vision, outside-the-box problem solving, pa-tience, and public-private collaboration. Each of the Anson family renovations becomes a modern, up-to-date, multi-use center appro-priate for business, retail, and upper story liv-ing while still paying tribute to the historic roots of the building. Current Grand Island businesses renovated by the Anson family in-clude The Chocolate Bar, McKinney’s Irish Pub, Tower 217, GIX Logistics, and Prairie Pride Brewing. In addition to their for-profit ef-forts, Amos lends his time and talents to the Grand Island area Habitat for Humanity and HEAR Grand Island. Butler Professional Farrier School of Crawford is led by Dr. Doug Butler and his sons, Peter and Jacob. The internationally rec-ognized Butler Professional Farrier School is committed to providing quality, intensive edu-cational experiences to students and current professional farriers. Rooted in blacksmithing techniques dating back to medieval Europe when teaching horse shoe fabrication, the But-ler family provides a 21st century educational experience focused on the health and viability of the horse and its feet as their primary con-cern. When asked what he appreciates about their profession, Butler has said, ‘‘there is a heritage in the craft, and I like this style for that reason. There is as much art as there is science; that’s what I enjoy the most about it.’’ Central Nebraska Regional Airport of Grand Island was originally opened by the Grand Is-land Aero Company, organized by World War I pilot Floyd Thompson, on private land owned by H.O. Doc Woodward in 1919. Other than a stint as a U.S. Government training facility for the 6th, 502nd, and 376th Bombardment Groups during World War II, the Grand Island area airport has enjoyed a long history of local public ownership and commercial use. The fa-cility is known today as the Central Nebraska Regional Airport. In 2016, it completed the construction of a $14 million passenger ter-minal. When this terminal opened, its annual enplanement numbers exceeded 64,000 and its local economic impact rose above $158 million. These numbers have only continued to rise. Today, the Central Nebraska Regional Airport rivals its eastern Nebraska counter-parts for service and travel availability to sup-port greater Nebraska’s travel needs. GROW Nebraska of Oxford was founded in 1993 as a dynamic, membership-based, non- profit entrepreneurial, service, and educational organization charged with helping small busi-nesses build and expand economic capacity. This organization’s mission is to provide edu-cation and training to individuals and small business owners across Nebraska, with an emphasis on economically depressed areas and to create sustainable economic develop-ment and marketing opportunities. Their goal is to connect Nebraska to the global market-place through mentorship, classroom edu-cation, technical assistance in your place of business, e-commerce, wholesale and export guidance, professional marketing training, and much more. Members of GROW Nebraska number in the hundreds and include software company Hollman Media of Kearney, Pacha Soap of Hastings, a recipient of the Whole Foods Market Supplier Award for Outstanding Innovation, and Preferred Popcorn of Chap-man, a 100 percent farmer-owned company whose product is sold in 70 countries world-wide for a total of more than one billion servings annually. Main Street Beatrice has been a ‘‘Main Street’’ community since 1996, when a group of stakeholders came together over concerns about the future of their downtown area. To-gether, they worked to include Beatrice in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.046 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1095 July 26, 2018 
Nebraska Lied Main Street program and the Certified National Main Street program. Main Street Beatrice provides guidance and re-sources to downtown businesses, building owners, and others by utilizing the National Main Street Program approach. The organiza-tion has grown by leaps and bounds in the last two years. Together with the National Trust for Historic Preservation and the Ne-braska State Historical Society, Main Street Beatrice has been a leader in advocating for and sharing the message of the importance of utilizing available resources for historic preser-vation through training, awareness events, and community outreach. Beatrice was recognized by the National Register of Historic Places in 2016. I am proud to recognize each of these award winners today, and I thank them for their many contributions to Nebraska. 
f 
HONORING THE GREGORY J. HAR-RIS MILITARY COURTESY ROOM AT THE SYRACUSE HANCOCK AIRPORT 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th anniversary of the Gregory J. Harris Military Courtesy Room (MCR) at Syracuse Hancock International Airport. Founded in 2008 by two TSA agents who grew tired of seeing soldiers sleeping on the floor of Syracuse’s Hancock Airport, the MCR was developed to provide a place of refuge for soldiers awaiting flights. Since its inception, the MCR has aimed to provide traveling sol-diers with a bit of home comfort. Fitted with amenities including a kitchen and lounge chairs for relaxation, the MCR has serviced hundreds of soldiers and has hosted every-thing from nervous recruits anticipating basic training to marriage proposals. As our servicemen and women, including the many brave men and women serving our nation at Fort Drum and at the 174th Attack Wing at Hancock Field, travel through Syra-cuse I believe that they deserve nothing but our utmost respect and gratitude. For this rea-son, I applaud the MCR organizers and volun-teers as they work tirelessly to ensure that the MCR is a home away from home for soldiers in transit. While serving in Congress, I will continue to do everything in my power to show my appre-ciation for the men and women serving our country by working to ensure that they receive the treatment and benefits they deserve. Today, I am proud to honor the Gregory J. Harris Military Courtesy Room for celebrating its 10th anniversary and hope that we will con-tinue to support those who have made signifi-cant sacrifices while serving this country. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Mon-day, July 16, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call vote 329 and ‘‘yea’’ on Roll Call vote 330. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 366, and YEA on Roll Call No. 367. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN ‘‘JACK’’ FRANCIS LYNCH 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, this spring the Fifth District of Maryland lost an extraordinary advocate for the men and women of our Armed Services and for America’s naval engi-neering at the Pax River Naval Air Station. John ‘Jack’ Francis Lynch of St. Ingoes, Mary-land, which is in St. Mary’s County, passed away on May 18 at the age of eighty-five. Jack spent his career at Pax River, first as an engineer, then as Technical Director, and later as part of the private sector and as an early leader of the Southern Maryland Navy Alliance and the Patuxent Partnership. When he arrived in Southern Maryland in 1955, Jack began a career that would see him become one of the most influential individuals in the history of Pax River and the region. When he became Technical Director at Pax River in 1979, he realized that the installation was at a disadvantage compared to other major military installations around the country. That was something Jack would not abide. Pax River needed more engineers, so he went to Washington and asked that they be hired. He got what he asked for. Pax River had no on-site offices in Washington, so Jack made the trip to the Pentagon over and over again to lobby military leaders on its behalf. By the time he retired from government service in 1986, Jack had completely transformed the way engineers at Pax River trained and worked. After leaving government service, Jack joined Mantech International until 1999 and continued to devote himself to Pax River and those who serve there throughout that time and after. In the early 1990’s, Jack and I worked closely together and with other state and local leaders to secure funding to build an anechoic chamber at Pax River for the preci-sion simulation of aircraft dynamics, the first of its kind in the world. We also worked together to ensure that Pax River benefitted from con-solidation during the 1996 BRAC round, which helped make Southern Maryland the hub for aerospace development and testing it is today and a center for American engineering. Much of these achievements were the result of Jack’s efforts to bring stakeholders together into the Southern Maryland Navy Alliance. Later, he led the Patuxent Partnership, which was also instrumental in growing Pax River and its critical role in naval aviation. I will miss Jack Lynch, not only for his devo-tion to Southern Maryland and to a strong Navy but also for his optimism and determined spirit. I hope my colleagues in the House will join me in thanking Jack for his service to our country and in expressing my condolences to his wife Patricia Ann ‘‘Trixie;’’ their son Thom-as and daughter-in-law Susan; their son Paul and daughter-in-law Kimberly; their son Patrick and daughter-in-law Kathy; and their ten grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. May Jack’s memory bring them joy and com-fort, as it surely will inspire all of us in South-ern Maryland to carry on the work he cher-ished. f 
IN CELEBRATION OF MRS. ROBENA GAINES-FLAKES 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and Happy Birthday wishes to a phenomenal woman of God, dedicated educator, and be-loved role model, Mrs. Robena Gaines-Flakes, who will be celebrating her 83rd birthday on Saturday, August 18, 2018. On this day, there will be a celebration at Fourth Street Mis-sionary Baptist Church located at 222 Fifth Street in Columbus, Georgia. Mrs. Robena Gaines-Flakes was born in Phenix City, Alabama in 1935. After grad-uating from South Girard High School, she went on to study Early Childhood Education at Morris Brown College and Columbus State University. Mrs. Flakes is a loving mother to her chil-dren and was a supportive wife to her late husband, Rev. Dr. J. H. Flakes, Jr., and com-passionate first lady to his congregations at Fourth Street Missionary Baptist Church in Co-lumbus, Georgia and Good Hope Missionary Baptist Church in Phenix City, Alabama. To-gether they used their deep and abiding faith in the Lord to make a tremendous impact on their community. Their son, Rev. J. H. Flakes, III now pastors over Fourth Street Missionary Baptist Church and previously pastored over Good Hope Missionary Baptist Church. Mrs. Flakes is also the Founding Director of the Fourth Street Daycare Center (now the Robena Gaines Flakes Daycare which was established in 1993. During her tenure as Di-rector, the center expanded its roster (from 56 children to over 150 children daily), facility, and programs and services (to include an after-school program for elementary school students). It was also the first daycare to re-ceive the ‘‘Center of Distinction Award’’ from the state of Georgia. She served in this capac-ity for 12 years until she retired as Director in 2005 and went on to serve as a Consultant. Mrs. Flakes has received several accolades and awards for her work with the youth. These awards include the Rosa Parks Women of Courage Award from the Gamma Tau Omega Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and the Gracious Ladies of Georgia Award. Mrs. Flakes has accomplished many things in her life but none of these would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and support of her late husband, their chil-dren, Reverend J. H. Flakes, III, Merle J. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.046 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1096 July 26, 2018 
Flakes, and Sencira Flakes; and four grand-children. Proverbs 11:25 says, ‘‘A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.’’ ‘‘Mama Flakes’’, as she is affec-tionately known, has given her life to God and dedicated herself to the service of others. On a personal note, when I came to Columbus, Georgia in 1972, she nurtured me as if I was one of her children, and for that I will be for-ever grateful. I can say without reservation that she is one of the most passionate and warmhearted individuals I have ever met. I am proud to consider Mama Flakes and the Flakes family as friends of longstanding. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife Vivian and me, along with the more than 730,000 constituents of the Second Congres-sional District of Georgia, in commending and recognizing Mrs. Robena Gaines-Flakes for her selfless service to the youth, the church, and to humankind. We extend our best wishes to her as she, her family, and friends celebrate her 83rd birthday. 
f 
PASSING OF MARLENE M CCARTHY 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-brate the life of Marlene McCarthy, founder of the Rhode Island Breast Cancer Coalition, who sadly passed away after a courageous fight against breast cancer. Throughout her life, Marlene displayed strength and resilience in the face of adversity. Her personal experience battling cancer and reaching for life beyond a diagnosis became the foundation by which she inspired others. She received many accolades for her work in Rhode Island and across the nation, includ-ing the National Breast Cancer Coalition Advo-cate of the Year Award, the Rhode Island Woman of the Year award, and the Freedom Torch Award. In addition to her inspiring advocacy, Mar-lene was beloved by her community for her kindness and integrity. Although she is no longer with us, her legacy lives on. Marlene will be missed, but she will never be forgotten. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TAYLOR SUSAN, NEWLY CROWNED MISS INDIAN WORLD 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the Miss In-dian World pageant was initially held in 1984 open to young Native American women ages 18–24. The purpose of the pageant is to pro-vide young Native American women an oppor-tunity to demonstrate their knowledge of their tribes and cultures, and serve as a cultural Ambassador of Native Americans. Unlike other pageants, the Miss Indian World pageant is a four-day competition, where contestants are scored based on public speaking, traditional talent, interviews, essay writing, and dance. On April 28, 2018 in a sold-out crowd with over 3,600 Native American Pow-Wow danc-ers, Taylor Susan was crowned the 35th Miss Indian World. Ms. Susan is from the White Mountain Apache and Walker River Paiute tribes and is no stranger to Native American pageants. She served as Miss Indian Arizona in 2015, and Miss Native American University of Arizona in 2014. Shortly after she was crowned Miss In-dian World, Ms. Susan received her bachelor’s degree in political science with minors in chemistry and theater from the University of Arizona. Go Wildcat. I would like to congratulate Taylor Susan for being crowned the 35th Miss Indian World and wish her the best of luck as she travels around the world to represent Native Ameri-cans. f 
RECOGNIZING BUCKS COUNTY WOMEN’S ADVOCACY GROUP 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today, I was proud to welcome the youth of the Bucks County Women’s Advocacy Coalition, a group of students dedicated to securing and safe-guarding the rights of women and children. As teenagers, they are uniquely positioned, as their futures are shaped by laws passed today. They recognize that change comes only through collaboration and working across the aisle, and rightfully expect their elected offi-cials to be problem solvers. One issue these teenagers are passionate about—and one which I am proud to stand with them—is sound, bipattisan gun violence prevention. By advocating for sensible legisla-tion that protects our schools, homes, and workplaces in Bucks County from senseless tragedies, these young citizens are truly serv-ing their community in a meaningful way. I am proud to work alongside Leah Porter, Kyra Kendrick, Sophia Rubin, and Clarissa Rubin to fight for a fairer, safer, and more in-clusive nation and world. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ANNUAL DOWNRIVER SENIOR OLYMPIC 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Downriver Senior Olympics for three decades of providing seniors the oppor-tunity to compete in a variety of events. This event brings our community together for recre-ation and fun each summer. During these decades, the Downriver Senior Olympics has hosted different athletic competi-tions where seniors can face off against their peers. More than 500 senior athletes will com-pete in the 2018 event and participate in the Unity Awards banquet at the end of the week. The Olympic athletes are divided into five divi-sions depending on their age. Sports include golf, horseshoes, bowling, bean bag toss, bocce ball, shuffleboard and many more. The Downriver Senior Olympics is a testa-ment to the toughness of Michigan’s seniors. It is not a common sight to see hundreds of septuagenarians fiercely trying to win a game of frisbee or hockey. These activities help bring people from all walks of life together and foster friendships and community among sen-iors from our local community. We are grateful for the work that the volunteers do to make this event happen and look forward to its con-tinuation in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Downriver Senior Olympics for giv-ing our seniors the chance to experience the thrill of competition while engaging with the community in a healthy and positive atmos-phere. Our seniors deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, and one of the ways to do that should be to actively include them in our communities with events like the Down River Senior Olympics. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE MEDICA-TION AUTOMATED QUOTATION SYSTEM ACT 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, today I am introducing the Medication Auto-mated Quotation System or MEDAQ Act to offer what I believe would alleviate our Na-tion’s prescription drug pricing crisis. This bill calls for a study on the effect of creating a system similar to today’s NASDAQ, but for prescription drugs instead of stock. Patients are having to choose between food and medicine. Pharmacists are being forced to provide prescriptions at a loss, and they can’t speak up without risk of being cut out of their communities’ insurance networks and forced out of business. Every time anyone tries to determine the root causes of high drug prices, fingers are pointed and no one accepts any responsibility. I have been vocal in the past about my con-cerns with the unethical and secretive prac-tices of pharmacy benefits managers, or PBMs, who hide behind gag clauses and ret-roactive fees and rebates. The Nation is be-coming more familiar with those practices and PBMs are starting to squirm. But as with any massive problem like our drug pricing crisis, there is no one, single cul-prit. Thus, we need to be able to truly see what is going on. During my 30 years in Congress, I have al-ways asked, ‘‘What’s the cost?’’ I always want to see the numbers behind ideas and legisla-tion. This bill calls for just that: what are the real numbers behind our medication prices? I envision the MEDAQ as a system that would help manufacturers and wholesalers and pharmacists and others involved in the drug industry see in real time what the aver-age price of drugs is as they are negotiating with each other. At this time, the medication market is like a farmers market where all the vendors will not to tell their customers what they will really be paying for the produce. Imagine if a customer buys a basket of peaches and is told they’ll get half of their money back in the mail in a few weeks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.051 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1097 July 26, 2018 
Then the vendor later sends only a couple dollars back, citing a change in the average price of peaches . . . or the vendor perhaps even sends the customer a bill, demanding more money. If the customer complains, the vendor just points fingers at whoever they can. Those are the kinds of business practices commonly seen in the medication market today. Any farmers market with such vendors would quickly close down or those vendors re-placed. Competition clearly cannot thrive in such an environment. The technology and data for a system like the MEDAQ are already out there, and there is unquestionably a need for transparency. The MEDAQ would reform the medication market to ensure that those involved in the drug distribution chain can negotiate trans-parently and fairly with each other. Whole-salers could check the MEDAQ to compare prices and have an idea of what other whole-salers in the region are able to buy for what prices. Pharmacists could check the MEDAQ to hold their PBMs accountable and have a better idea as to whether the PBMS are truly negotiating the best deals as promised. Just as a farmers market where vendors ad-vertise and consumers choose based on qual-ity, service, and prices—the MEDAQ would empower purchasers within the drug chain to demand and expect the best quality, service, and price. I have long said that no one likes competi-tion, but everyone is better off for it. Competi-tion is driven by awareness of the goal and the competitors. In other words, competition is driven by transparency and an open market. I believe a MEDAQ would restore competi-tion to the medication market, and I ask my colleagues to support this bill requiring a study on the feasibility and effect of a MEDAQ. 
f 
ETHIOPIAN PRIME MINISTER DR. ABIY AHMED ALI VISIT TO LOS ANGELES 
HON. KAREN BASS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to take official note of the visit of Ethiopian Prime Minister Dr. Abiy Ahmed Ali to the United States to order to engage Ethiopian Ameri-cans in the new direction he plans for his country. Confirmed and sworn in just a few months ago in April 2018, from the time of his acceptance speech he has made clear his de-sire for political reform, unity among the peo-ples of Ethiopia, resolution of the long-stand-ing border conflict with Eritrea, and engage-ment with opposition groups both inside and outside of Ethiopia. These priorities resonate strongly with the Ethiopian diaspora in the United States, as has his work to act on those priorities. He has announced political reforms, released thou-sands of political prisoners, negotiated guaran-tees for the release of Ethiopian prisoners in Saudi Arabia, and earlier this month he be-came the first Ethiopian leader to meet with an Eritrean counterpart in more than 20 years. That meeting resulted in the signing of a ‘‘Joint Declaration of Peace and Friendship’’ declaring an end to tensions, reopening direct telecommunications, road and aviation links, and regularizing access to ports. I am proud to represent a district that is home to thousands of Ethiopian-Americans, and which includes Los Angeles’ Little Ethi-opia neighborhood. Los Angeles has the sec-ond-largest concentration of Ethiopians out-side of Addis Ababa, behind only Washington D.C. The University of Southern California’s Galen Center, also in my district, will play host to the meeting. My constituents have proudly taken part in committees planning for this visit. I congratu-late them, as well as the Ethiopian Foreign Ministry, the Ethiopian Embassy in Wash-ington, D.C., and the Ethiopian Consulate in Los Angeles on what I am sure will be a suc-cessful event. The meetings in Washington on July 28 and in Los Angeles on July 29 are ex-pected to attract tens of thousands in the Ethi-opian diaspora. Those constituents have told me that they hope the Prime Minister’s presence, and his message, will inspire renewed interest in learning about, visiting and investing in their country of origin. As Ranking Member of the Africa Subcommittee of the House Foreign Af-fairs Committee, I have worked to promote economic ties between the U.S. and the many nations on the continent, including Ethiopia. I welcome the Prime Minister, and I hope this visit marks the beginning of an ongoing relationship with my constituents who proudly claim Ethiopian heritage, and who are now looking forward to contributing to a promising future for Ethiopia. f 
CELEBRATING WYATT MICK, JR. 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Wyatt Mick, Jr. Wyatt was a community leader who loved his country and dedicated himself to making Mishawaka a better place to live. He was a devoted husband, father, and grandfather who wanted to give his family every opportunity to succeed. A man of faith and good character, Wyatt contributed in countless ways to the strength of our commu-nity. As Mishawaka’s City Attorney from 1964 to 1980, Wyatt fought alongside Mayor Margaret Prickett to ensure our city was on a bright path forward. Hoosiers will truly miss his famil-iar face around town, his high spirits, and his steadfast support of freedom and opportunity. Wyatt is survived by his wife Elaine, their two children, and their nine grandchildren. I have no doubt his family will cherish their memories of the loving, hardworking husband, father, and grandfather who inspired them to be the best they can be. Mr. Speaker, Wyatt Mick’s incredible story and legacy of service will live on far into the future . I want to thank Elaine for all she has done to comfort her family and honor her hus-band’s life . I wish to offer my deepest condo-lences to Wyatt’s family, friends, and loved ones. I am honored to ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the life of this great Hoosier. CHESAPEAKE CITY LITTLE LEAGUE GIRLS SOFTBALL HON. ANDY HARRIS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the age 8 to 10 Chesapeake City Little League Girls Softball Team on the tre-mendous victory they achieved last week. On July 19th, these talented young ladies won the Maryland State Little League Softball Cham-pionship, in a 4 to 3 extra inning nail-biter. I commend this team of talented young ath-letes for their hard work and good sportsman-ship. The Little League pledge states ‘‘I trust in God, I love my country, and will respect its laws. I will play fair and strive to win, but win or lose, I will always do my best.’’ The young ladies on this team embody the American work ethic, and their positive attitude made them unstoppable this season. I wish these young athletes and their coach-es the best of luck in the future, and I again congratulate them on their impressive victory as Maryland State Champions. 
f 
CELEBRATING BEA LUMPKIN: 100 YEARS OF FIGHTING FOR JUS-TICE AND INSPIRING GENERA-TIONS OF ACTIVISTS 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, in the 1930s, Bea threw herself feet first into the so-cial and political struggles transforming the na-tion during the Great Depression. She at-tended rallies and stood on street corners de-nouncing Hitler and the wave of fascism grip-ping Europe. She participated in the 1930 Na-tional Hunger Protest that saw one million un-employed people descend on their state cap-itols demanding relief. Bea joined the fight for unemployment insurance and Social Secu-rity—all before she graduated from high school in 1934. Bea enrolled in Hunter College, a free col-lege for women where she studied chemistry. At just 18, she took time off from school to ac-cept the challenge of organizing New York’s laundry workers, a campaign that resulted in 30,000 people (mostly women) organized under the newly-formed Congress of Industrial Organization (CIO). Bea moved to Buffalo in 1942 where she married and had two children, Carl and Jeanleah. She and her husband amicably di-vorced and Bea went to work for Western Electric. Bea still found time to organize a Wallace for President Committee in support of Progressive Party Candidate Henry Wallace’s bid for the presidency. At a fundraiser for Wal-lace, Bea met her partner and the love of her life Frank Lumpkin. As an interracial couple, they encountered many hard looks and racial slurs. The two married in 1949 and moved to Gary, Indiana, where they had two more chil-dren, Paul and John. Bea and Frank were an impressive team. When they discovered that the septic tanks in their predominantly African- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.056 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1098 July 26, 2018 
American neighborhood had contaminated the water wells, they organized their neighbors and launched a seven-year battle that won them safe drinking water. In 1962, Bea and Frank moved to Chicago, where for decades they were involved in every civil rights struggle—and there were many. They joined the fight for fair housing, against lynching, and against segregation. Bea began her career in education at age 47 when she became a Chicago Public School teacher. She later became an assistant math professor at Malcolm X College, publishing nu-merous groundbreaking books on the multicul-tural roots of mathematics and science. To this day, she is an active member of the Chi-cago Teachers Union, never missing a rally, always fighting for the rights of teachers and their students who deserve a quality edu-cation. In 1983, Harold Washington, former Illinois State Senator and U.S. Congressman, ignited the hopes and dreams of Chicagoans across the city when he ran for and won election as mayor. Bea and Frank were on the frontline of the campaign and remained committed sup-porters throughout his administration. That same year, the Republican Governor of Illinois proposed a budget that slashed funding for basic human needs. Bea and Frank responded to the call to join the Crisis March to Springfield. They walked 200 miles to the state Capitol with a group organized by Illinois Public Action, stopping for meetings in small towns, talking to the media as they went, and being met for the last mile by more than one thousand supporters. The Governor capitulated and the cuts were restored. As the organizer of that march, I had the opportunity to begin a never-ending friendship with Bea and with Frank that lasted until he died. Bea wrote many books, but her most ac-claimed is Always Bring a Crowd: The Story of Frank Lumpkin Steelworker, that chronicles Frank’s battle against Wisconsin Steel. On March 28, 1980, Wisconsin Steel closed its plant with no notice. Three thousand workers lost their jobs, their last paycheck, their bene-fits and their pensions. With Bea at his side, Frank formed the Save Our Jobs Committee. Their fight would last 17 years and win those workers $19 million. Bea participated in the formation of the Coa-lition of Labor Union Woman in 1974, remains involved in the organization, and continues to mentor young trade union sisters. To this day, Bea remains active on the national and local stage. She is an activist member of the Illinois Alliance of Retired Americans, fighting to pro-tect and expand Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. She is a familiar face at demonstra-tions, peace vigils, and rallies. She has joined countless picket lines including in front of laun-dries, as she did as a young organizer, still fighting for workers’ rights. By example, Bea Lumpkin has dem-onstrated how one person’s passion for social justice can transform families, communities and societies. For the last one hundred years, Bea has devoted her life to improving the con-dition of others, from exploited laundry work-ers in New York City to unemployed Steel workers in Chicago, from union women fight-ing for equality in the workplace to seniors de-manding affordable health care. It’s impossible to feel cynical about the po-tential of ordinary people to shape history when one thinks about the indelible mark Bea-trice Lumpkin has had on so many lives. Her relentless and passionate pursuit of justice has inspired me to be a better person and fills me with hope for the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MASTER SERGEANT JOSEFITA OJEDA 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my good friend, Master Sergeant Josefita Ojeda. Recently, this distinguished airman won the Air Force’s Headquarters Individual Reservist Readiness and Integration Organization’s (HQ RIO) award for Senior Non-Commissioned Of-ficer of the second quarter of this year. HQ RIO serves to prepare Individual Re-serve forces so that they are wartime ready and meet Air Force and Combatant Com-mander requirements. Within HQ RIO, there are 2,700 enlisted members and 4,500 offi-cers. The Senior Non-Commissioned Officer rank is bestowed upon airmen who demonstrate leadership while upholding the Air Force’s mis-sion of ‘‘aiming high.’’ Having worked with Master Sergeant Ojeda at Robins Air Force Base, I can attest to her determination and devotion to her country, two traits that have earned her this distinguished honor. Mr. Speaker, members of our military stand ready to answer the call of duty at any given moment. As service men and women like Master Sergeant Ojeda selflessly defend our freedom, we must ensure that we are sup-porting them each step of the way. I congratulate Master Sergeant Josefita Ojeda and thank her for her commitment to our country and the United States Air Force. 
f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF U.S. EMBASSY BOMBINGS IN AFRICA 
HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, 20 years ago on August 7, 1998, Islamist terror-ists affiliated with al-Qaida attacked American soil—bombing the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. Over 200 people were killed in these attacks, including 12 Americans, and more than 4,000 were injured. I ask that we pause to remember those Americans who gave their lives in service to our country that day. At approximately 10:30 a.m. on that day, a non-descript delivery truck drove up to the back gate of our embassy in Nairobi, Kenya, and tried to enter the underground parking ga-rage. When the embassy’s security guards stopped them, the terrorists inside the truck began shooting before detonating a massive bomb that devastated the embassy and many of the surrounding buildings. Nine minutes later, in Tanzania, a second truck stopped just 35 feet from the wall of our embassy in Dar Es Salaam and detonated its deadly payload. Approximately 220 people died instantly, and thousands more were wounded in the two at-tacks. With great reverence, we recognize the courage of the Kenyan and Tanzanian security and emergency personnel who prevented even greater loss of life by their bold actions. We offer our sincere condolences to the na-tionals of both countries who suffered the greatest number of killed and injured in these senseless, horrific attacks. History should record that U.S. personnel in both embassies showed extraordinary leader-ship and personal courage in their response to the attacks, rapidly responding to locate and rescue victims. Their offices were on fire and their colleagues dead and injured—but these men and women responded immediately and quickly restored embassy operations. U.S. em-bassies throughout the region went on alert. Unfortunately, we in Washington did not re-spond as quickly to the strategic threats we witnessed that day. The precisely coordinated attacks on our embassies were a declaration of war and a warning of our enemies’ intention to hit our homeland. But we failed to heed that warning and paid a price three years later when al-Qaida took us by surprise and struck again on September 11, 2001—this time killing nearly 3,000 in a series of similarly coordi-nated attacks in New York, Virginia, and Pennsylvania. Since the founding of our country, our dip-lomats have served America in some of the most difficult and dangerous places on earth. Our embassies and consulates are platforms of U.S. influence and vigilance and our dip-lomats are often the first to spot threats to our national security before they arrive on our shores. These intrepid professionals defend our national security, enforce our laws, and protect our fellow citizens overseas. And they are often the first Americans our enemies tar-get. Many Americans remember 9/11 as the first time al-Qaida struck the United States, but the first battle in our struggle against terrorism took place on August 7, 1998 outside our em-bassies in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam. Our diplomats were on the front lines that day, and they continue to serve on the front lines around the world today serving at over 275 posts around the world. And the threats continue. In recent years, terrorists have killed American diplomats in Libya, Iraq, Sudan, and Afghanistan, while hostile intelligence services actively target our personnel in China, Russia, Cuba and else-where. Mr. Speaker, the history of the East Africa bombings 20 years ago shows us that we ig-nore threats to our diplomats at our own peril. Let us therefore resolve to remember those who gave their lives for our country, and dedi-cate ourselves to protecting America’s national security by committing ourselves to a strong, secure, and effective Foreign Service. 
f 
HONORING JEFFREY HANSEN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeffrey Hansen, founding wine-maker of Lula Cellars, who passed away on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.060 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1099 July 26, 2018 
June 5 at UCSF Medical Center in San Fran-cisco after more than three decades producing award-winning California wines. Born May 7, 1952, in Sherman Oaks, Cali-fornia, Mr. Hansen graduated from the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena in 1973. After a successful fourteen-year career as a commercial product photographer for Southern California advertising agencies, Mr. Hansen decided to move to Northern Cali-fornia in 1985 to pursue his passion for wine and winemaking. Mr. Hansen’s career in wine began in 1987 at Spring Mountain Vineyard in Napa Valley. During his time working for Spring Mountain, he began making wines at home, and discov-ered the Anderson Valley region of Mendocino County, famed for its Pinot Noir grapes. Mr. Hansen continued to work in Napa Valley, pro-ducing his first wines for Amici Cellars in Calistoga in 1991, and continued to work for the label until 2009. Hansen then founded the label he was best known for, Lula Cellars, in 2010. Named in honor of his grandmother as a tribute to her tenacity and optimism in the face of adversity, Mr. Hansen cited her as his inspiration in life. The winery sold out its first 600 cases and continues to be lauded by fans, and has won numerous awards and medals. Mr. Hansen stepped down as winemaker for Lula Cellars in 2017, retaining the title of Founder and Winemaker Emeritus. Mr. Hansen made impressive contributions to Mendocino County’s winemaking industry, promoting and supporting the economy of Mendocino County and the popularity of Cali-fornia wines. He leaves a distinctive legacy and a unique winery, and it is therefore appro-priate that we honor the memory of an entre-preneurial leader whose winemaking contrib-uted greatly to the prosperity and recognition of Anderson Valley and Mendocino County wines. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE CAPITAL BELT-WAY WARRIORS ICE HOCKEY TEAM 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Capital Beltway Warriors, based in Loudoun County, Virginia in my district. The Warriors recently participated in the USA Hockey, Disabled Hockey Festival, where the team took 1st place in the Warrior C Division. The team based in Loudoun County provides opportunities for disabled veterans in the Na-tional Capital Region including Northern Vir-ginia, Southern Maryland, and Washington, D.C. to learn and play ice hockey. The Capital Beltway Warriors were founded in May 2017 by Mike Vaccaro, Rob Worringer, Jerry Leger, Matt Holben, and David Dixon. Since then, the Capital Beltway Warriors have had a leading role in the rehabilitation needs of our local veterans wounded in the defense of the United States by providing opportunities to play ice hockey with their fellow veterans. As of today, there are 45 active Members of the Capital Beltway Warriors. The Capital Beltway Warriors have fostered a camaraderie amongst teammates and their commitment to our community is exceptional. This rehabilitation program for our service members is extremely inspiring to see as the Warriors improve the quality of life for our vet-erans and bring awareness of the incredible sacrifices made every day by our service members. The team also provides education on veteran care and benefits and assists in communication with veterans’ service organi-zations. The Capital Beltway Warriors have left a lasting impact on the lives of many of our community’s service members and, today, we celebrate their many achievements. This past April, the Capital Beltway Warriors competed against twelve teams from across the country and brought home a victory as they became Standing Warrior C Division Champions. The Capital Beltways Warriors prevailed over the Deluth Warriors 5–3 to cap-ture the Championship. The Capital Beltway Warriors hockey program has certainly earned this distinct honor, and we applaud them. I want to commend the Capital Beltway Warriors excellent leadership, coaching staff, and players for their achievements. Congratu-lations to President David Dixon, Major, U.S. Army Retired and Board of Directors Jay Bottelson, Captain, U.S. Navy Retired; Mat-thew Holben, Veteran, U.S. Army; Michael Vaccaro, U.S. Army Reserve, Veteran U.S.M.C.; and Damien Windt, Veteran, U.S. Army for your hard work and leadership. I also want to commend the following players for earning the Championship title: David Dixon, Jason Brooks, Damien Windt, Jay Bottelson, Matthew Holben, John Bass, Joey Martell, Jon Bonar, Cody Parker, Michael Vaccaro, Chad Reesey, Chris Whipple, Michael Agostini, Mat-thew Patterson, and Brandon Swenson. The Capital Beltway Warriors team has made Loudoun County and Virginia’s Tenth Congressional District proud. Winning a cham-pionship is an extraordinary achievement, and it attests to the team’s noteworthy athletic tal-ent, commitment to teamwork, tireless dedica-tion, and determination to succeed. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the Capital Beltway Warriors for winning the Standing Warrior C Division of the 14th USA Hockey, Disabled Hockey Fes-tival and representing our region with such distinction. I would also like to thank the Cap-ital Beltway Warriors for their commitment to our veterans wounded in the defense of the United States; and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. VLADIMIR UKRAINIAN GREEK CATHOLIC CHURCH’S CENTENNIAL ANNI-VERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Vladimir Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church in Palmerton, Pennsylvania. One-hundred years ago, the parish members rolled up their sleeves and built a place of worship where generations of their family members and neighbors would attend. Their hard work and dedication has fostered a strong Byzantine faith community in North-eastern Pennsylvania. In 1905, many families began moving to Northeastern Pennsylvania from their home-lands in what is now Ukraine. Wishing to prac-tice their faith in a Byzantine Church and con-tinue to feel connected to their homelands, these families began attending churches of the Byzantine Rite in Northampton, Lansford, and Nesquehoning. Their faith was so strong they would wake before daybreak on Sundays to walk over ten miles to worship at one of these churches. After years of traveling, they decided to build their own church. The devoted and faith-ful pioneers spent their own money and pro-vided their own labor to build a Byzantine Church close to home. The church, which sits on the corner of Delaware Avenue and First Street in Palmerton, has constantly been ren-ovated and improved upon over the years to maintain the sense of pride in their place of worship. St. Vladimir’s continues to celebrate an active and engaged parish community of congregants and a long history of dedicated, spiritual pastors. It is an honor to recognize St. Vladimir Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church as they cele-brate their 100th anniversary. I take great joy in joining the commemoration of such an im-portant milestone. I wish everyone in the par-ish and community all the best as they con-tinue to worship in St. Vladimir’s for many more prosperous years. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I am not re-corded for roll call votes on Thursday, July 26, 2018 because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye on the Conference Report to accompany H.R. 5515—John S. McCain National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. As a na-tion, we continue to face a growing number of threats that are becoming increasingly more complex and versatile in nature. This legisla-tion substantially increases the funding for our military, gives our troops a well-deserved pay raise, and provides important tools in the fight against terrorism. 
f 
CELEBRATING RUN FOR THE FALLEN 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize participants in the Run for the Fallen as they reach the conclusion of their nationwide event this weekend in Arling-ton. Run for the Fallen is an organization dedi-cated to honoring and remembering the sac-rifices of our men and women in uniform by organizing run events across the nation. Since its inception in 2008, 50,000 participants have run over 200,000 miles across 26 states. I had the distinct privilege of participating in a Run for the Fallen run last year in Fort Wayne, In-diana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.063 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1100 July 26, 2018 
In honor of its tenth anniversary, participants will run one mile for every service member who has died as a result of the War on Terror, eclipsing nearly 20,000 miles. The race con-cludes on August 5th at Arlington National Cemetery. I would like to congratulate all the runners and volunteers participating in the Run for the Fallen on another successful national run, and I look forward to many more successful events in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CITY OF DEARBORN’S TRIBUTE TO THE KOREAN WAR ARMISTICE AGREEMENT 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 65th anniversary of the Korean War’s Armistice Agreement. On July 28, 2018, the City of Dearborn is hosting its annual trib-ute at the Ford Community and Performing Arts Center to honor local heroes who died in Korean battle. The event is supported by the Dearborn Allied War Veterans Council and the Disabled American Veterans Chapter 51. Ko-rean War veterans, their families and mem-bers of the public will be in attendance. Known as the ‘‘Forgotten War,’’ the Korean War took place from June 1950 to July 1953 and claimed the lives of more than 36,000 sol-diers. 103,000 soldiers were wounded, and more than 8,000 were listed as missing in ac-tion. More than five million Americans served in the war. The Armistice formally divided the Korean peninsula into the two countries we know today. The signed Armistice established the Korean Demilitarized Zone, the de facto new border between the two nations, put into force a cease-fire, and finalized repatriation of prisoners of war. During the Dearborn Armistice Agreement Tribute, a wreath is placed at the memorial to honor the 26 men from Dearborn, Michigan who died in the war, in addition to all of those who bravely served our country. The Henry Ford Centennial Library campus is home to the City’s Veterans Park and War Memorial— the library’s outdoor memorial has four monoliths listing all the Dearborn service members who died during World War I, World War II, the Korean War and Vietnam War. It also includes a representation of an Eternal Flame and a Battlefield Cross, and information on every war America has fought. It is an honor to pause and remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our great nation during the Korean War. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Korean War veterans from Dear-born and calling attention to the anniversary of the Armistice Agreement. This day reminds us that our obligations to our soldiers and their families endures long after the battle ends. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call 375, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted Nay on Roll Call No. 375. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GERALD ‘‘JERRY’’ GIOVANIELLO 
HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with Representatives J
OHN G
ARAMENDI , BARBARA LEE, JIMCOSTA , SALUD  C
ARBAJAL , A DAM SCHIFF , T ONY CA´RDENAS , B
RAD SHERMAN , G RACE NAPOLITANO , LINDA S
A´NCHEZ , L UCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD , M AXINE  W
ATERS , A NNA ESHOO , E DROYCE , M ARK D
ESAULNIER , T ED LIEU, and N ANETTE  B
ARRAGA ´N, to recognize Gerard ‘‘Jerry’’ Giovaniello in celebration of his retirement as the Senior Vice President of Government Af-fairs and Chief Lobbyist of the National Asso-ciation of Realtors (NAR). After earning a graduate degree from New York University, Jerry served the United States as a U.S. Army officer in both Vietnam and Washington, DC from 1968 until 1970. Jerry then spent time working as a policy ana-lyst and writer for the National Journal. Jerry next moved into the realm of policy making. He became one the few serving here in the Capitol who has worked on both sides of the aisle, as chief of staff for former Cali-fornia Republican Congressman Jerry Pettis and former California Democratic Congress-man James Lloyd. He also personally played a part in influencing the minds of future lead-ers as a political science professor in the Claremont Colleges Washington, DC Semes-ter program. Then Jerry moved on to legislative advo-cacy at NAR, fighting for a key part of the American Dream—owning a home. Spear-heading the opposition to flat taxes in the late 1990s, fighting banks from getting into the business of real estate brokerage, and advo-cating for first time homeowners and those with mortgage debt, Jerry has been a progres-sive champion for homeowners throughout the United States. In his accomplished 37 years with NAR Jerry has been recognized for his commit-ment, leadership, and work ethic as a top lob-byist by CEO Update, The Hill and numerous other publications. Jerry currently resides in Falls Church, Vir-ginia, with his wife Elizabeth. His many achievements will be long-remembered. We are grateful for his numerous positive contribu-tions on behalf of realtors and homeowners, in California and throughout our whole nation. We want to wish him health and happiness in his retirement. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DIANE BLACK 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I missed the fol-lowing votes because I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 366; YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 372; YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 374; and YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 376. 
f 
HONORING THE PAWLING VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, July 26, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize and celebrate the 123rd anniversary of the Pawling Volunteer Fire Department in Dutchess County, New York. Protecting the Village of Pawling and its treasures has been the job of the Pawling Vol-unteer Fire Department for over a century. The department was formed in 1895 to help ensure the safety of the Pawling community. Since then, brave volunteers have continued to put their lives on the line for their friends, neighbors, and fellow citizens. The department has come to be known for their work ethic, commitment to the community, and sacrifice. Many raging and costly fires have been fought throughout the years by the depart-ment, with courage and selflessness shown in each and every emergency they respond to. In February 1969, a fire erupted at the Trinity- Pawling School that raged for over five hours and was successfully extinguished. Over the course of the fire, brave firefighter Nicholas Taska unfortunately lost his life in service to the community. As in 1969, the swift and deci-sive actions of the Pawling Volunteer Fire De-partment have protected the lives and liveli-hoods of residents throughout the years. This 123rd anniversary marks a great mile-stone in the department’s history, and serves as an important time for reflection. I commend all past, present, and future members of the Pawling Volunteer Fire Department for their service and sacrifice. On behalf of the 19th Congressional District and the U.S. House of Representatives, I would like to extend my deepest appreciation to the Pawling Volunteer Fire Department for the important services they provide to their vibrant community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:44 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26JY8.067 E26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D875 Thursday, July 26, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5393–S5439 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and four reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3278–3295, S.J. Res. 62, and S. Res. 594–596.
          Pages S5423–24 
Measures Reported: S. 1580, to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 3248, to restrict the provision by international financial institutions of loans and financial and tech-nical assistance to the Government of Turkey. 
                                                                                            Page S5422 
Measures Passed: Marine Fish Conservation Statutes: Senate passed H.R. 4528, to make technical amendments to certain marine fish conservation statutes.
      Page S5437 
Transportation Worker Identification Creden-tial Accountability Act: Senate passed H.R. 5729, to restrict the department in which the Coast Guard is operating from implementing any rule requiring the use of biometric readers for biometric transpor-tation security cards until after submission to Con-gress of the results of an assessment of the effective-ness of the transportation security card program. 
                                                                                            Page S5437 
United States Intelligence Professionals Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 595, designating July 26, 2018, as ‘‘United States Intelligence Professionals Day’’.
                                                                        Pages S5437–38 
Miscellaneous Tariff Bill Act: Committee on Fi-nance was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4318, to amend the Harmonized Tariff Sched-ule of the United States to modify temporarily cer-tain rates of duty, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S5438 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 3664, of a perfecting nature.
                                                   Page S5438 Measures Considered: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Cloture: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 6147, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                                             Pages S5394–S5411 
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                       Pages S5394–S5411 
Murkowski Amendment No. 3400 (to Amend-ment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5395 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Shelby Amendment No. 3399 (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.
                          Page S5411 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Shelby Amendment No. 3399.
                                          Page S5411 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S5411 
Conference Reports: John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 5515, to au-thorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year.
       Pages S5412–17 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the conference report to accompany the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the House message to ac-company S. 1182, to require the Secretary of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY8.REC D26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD876 July 26, 2018 
Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recogni-tion of the 100th anniversary of The American Le-gion.
                                                                                 Page S5412 
House Messages: The American Legion 100th Anniversary Com-memorative Coin Act—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the House Message to accompany S. 1182, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
                                               Pages S5411–12 
Pending: McConnell motion to concur in the amendments of the House to the bill.
                                        Page S5411 
McConnell motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the bill, with McConnell Amendment No. 3628 (to the House Amendment to the bill), to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S5411 
McConnell Amendment No. 3629 (to Amend-ment No. 3628), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                    Pages S5411–12 
McConnell motion to refer the message of the House on the bill to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 3630, to change the en-actment date.
                                                               Page S5412 
McConnell Amendment No. 3631 (to (the in-structions) Amendment No. 3630), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S5412 
McConnell Amendment No. 3632 (to Amend-ment No. 3631), of a perfecting nature.
       Page S5412 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell motion to concur in the amendments of the House to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposi-tion of H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019.
                                                                                Page S5411 
Appointments: Commission on Social Impact Partnerships: The Chair, pursuant to Public Law 115–123, on behalf of the Majority Leader of the Senate and the Chair-man of the Finance Committee, appointed the fol-lowing individual as a member of the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships: Jeremy Keele of Utah.
                                                                                Page S5438 
Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Cen-ter for the Performing Arts: The Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 85–874, as amended, appointed the following individual to the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts: Senator Cornyn.                                                                           Page S5438 
Cloture Motions—Agreement: A unanimous-con-sent agreement was reached providing that notwith-standing Rule XXII, the filing deadline for first-de-gree amendments be at 4 p.m., on Monday, July 30, 2018, for the measures upon which cloture was filed during the session on Thursday, July 26, 2018. 
                                                                                            Page S5438 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, the cloture motions filed during the session on Thursday, July 26, 2018, ripen at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, July 30, 2018.
                                                                                Page S5439 
Treaties Approved: The following treaties having passed through their various parliamentary stages, up to and including the presentation of the resolution of ratification, upon division, two-thirds of the Sen-ators present having voted in the affirmative, the res-olutions of ratification were agreed to: The Treaty with the Federated States of Micro-nesia on the Delimitation of a Maritime Boundary (Treaty Doc. 114–13(A)) as amended; The Treaty with the Republic of Kiribati on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundaries (Treaty Doc. 114–13(B)) as amended; Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Serbia (Treaty Doc. 115–1) as amended; and Extradition Treaty with the Republic of Kosovo (Treaty Doc. 115–2) as amended.
             Pages S5417–18 
Grant Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consid-eration of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit.
                                                        Page S5411 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, July 26, 2018, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, July 30, 2018.
                                                                                Page S5411 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S5411 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, July 30, 2018, Senate resume consideration of the nomination.
                                                                  Page S5439 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S5420–21 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5421 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5394 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5421 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY8.REC D26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D877 July 26, 2018 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5421–22 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S5422 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S5422–23 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5424–26 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5426–28 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5418–20 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5428–37 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5437 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 4:22 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, July 30, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5439.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Office of the United States Trade Representative, after receiving testimony from Robert Lighthizer, United States Trade Representative. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, who was introduced by Senators Shelby and Inhofe, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, who was intro-duced by Representatives Quigley and Lipinski, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an As-sistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury, after the nominees testified and an-swered questions in their own behalf. IMPROVING TAX ADMINISTRATION Committee on Finance: Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Oversight concluded a hearing to examine im-proving tax administration today, after receiving tes-timony from Phyllis Jo Kubey, Member, Internal Revenue Service Advisory Council, on behalf of the National Association of Enrolled Agents, Nina E. Olson, National Taxpayer Advocate, Internal Rev-enue Service, and John Sapp, Chair, Internal Revenue Service Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee, all of the Department of the Treasury; and Caroline Bruckner, American University Kogod School of Business, and Rebecca Thompson, Pros-perity Now, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the following business items: S. 1023, to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Con-servation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1580, to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 3248, to restrict the provision by international financial institutions of loans and financial and tech-nical assistance to the Government of Turkey; S. Res. 501, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirm-ing freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote de-mocracy and good governance, with amendments; S. Res. 541, expressing the sense of the Senate that any United States-Saudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or sepa-rating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible nonproliferation ‘‘gold standard’’, with amendments; S. Res. 571, condemning the ongoing illegal occu-pation of Crimea by the Russian Federation, with amendments; and The nominations of Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Kiribati, the Repub-lic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu, Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Conflict and Stabilization Operations), and Kimberly Breier, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Sec-retary (Western Hemisphere Affairs), all of the De-partment of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY8.REC D26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD878 July 26, 2018 
PROPOSED OPM AND GSA REORGANIZATION Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Fed-eral Management concluded a hearing to examine the challenges and opportunities of the proposed government reorganization on Office of Personnel Management and General Services Administration, after receiving testimony from Emily W. Murphy, Administrator, General Services Administration; and Jeff T. H. Pon, Director, Office of Personnel Man-agement. MODERNIZING APPRENTICESHIPS Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine modern-izing apprenticeships to expand opportunities, after receiving testimony from Montez King, National In-stitute for Metalworking Skills, Fairfax, Virginia; Mike Holland, Associated Builders and Contractors, Inc., and Glenn Johnson, BASF Corporation, both of Houston, Texas; and Sandi Vito, 1199SEIU Training and Employment Funds, New York, New York. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 99 pub-lic bills, H.R. 6539–6637; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 137; H. Con. Res. 130–132; and H. Res. 1033–1038 were introduced.
                      Pages H7720–25 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7728–29 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Pramila Jayapal (H. Rept. 115–876); and H. Res. 1005, directing the Secretary of Home-land Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the border secu-rity policies, procedures, and activities as such relate to the interdiction of families by the U.S. Border Pa-trol between ports of entry; adversely (H. Rept. 115–877).
                                                                      Page H7720 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Curtis to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7691 
John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019: The House agreed to the conference report on H.R. 5515, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, by a yea-and-nay vote of 359 yeas to 54 nays, Roll No. 379.
                      Pages H7699–H7709 
H. Res. 1027, the rule providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5515) was agreed to without objection, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 226 yeas to 183 nays, Roll No. 378. Pursuant to Section 3 of H. Res. 1027, H. Res. 1020 was laid on the table.                                                         Pages H7693–99 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourns to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, July 27th.
                       Page H7709 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H7709. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7699 and H7708–09. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:54 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MACRA AND MIPS: AN UPDATE ON THE MERIT-BASED INCENTIVE PAYMENT SYSTEM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘MACRA and MIPS: An Update on the Merit-based Incentive Payment System’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY8.REC D26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D879 July 26, 2018 
THE FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION’S ENFORCEMENT OF OPERATION CHOKEPOINT-RELATED BUSINESSES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations held a joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Federal Trade Commission’s Enforcement of Operation Chokepoint-Related Businesses’’. Testi-mony was heard from Andrew Smith, Director, Bu-reau of Consumer Protection, U.S. Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE: PROGRAM BREACH AND ITS IMPLICATIONS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Committee concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘James Webb Space Telescope: Program Breach and its Implications’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT Conferees agreed to file a conference report on the differences between the Senate and House passed versions of H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fis-cal year, on Wednesday, July 25, 2018. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D873) 
H.R. 1496, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3585 South Vermont Avenue in Los Angeles, California, as the ‘‘Marvin Gaye Post Office’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–207) H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–208) H.R. 3183, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 13683 James Madi-son Highway in Palmyra, Virginia, as the ‘‘U.S. Navy Seaman Dakota Kyle Rigsby Post Office’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–209) H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Wil-liams Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–210) H.R. 4406, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 Macombs Place in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Tuskegee Airmen Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–211) H.R. 4463, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 6 Doyers Street in New York, New York, as the ‘‘Mabel Lee Memorial Post Office’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–212) H.R. 4574, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West Schick Road in Bloomingdale, Illinois, as the ‘‘Bloomingdale Veterans Memorial Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–213) H.R. 4646, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1900 Corporate Drive in Birmingham, Alabama, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Thomas E. Rivers, Jr. Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–214) H.R. 4685, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 515 Hope Street in Bristol, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘First Sergeant P. An-drew McKenna Jr. Post Office’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–215) H.R. 4722, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 111 Market Street in Saugerties, New York, as the ‘‘Maurice D. Hinchey Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–216) H.R. 4840, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 567 East Franklin Street in Oviedo, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe Post Office Building’’. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Public Law 115–217) H.R. 5956, to incentivize the hiring of United States workers in the Commonwealth of the North-ern Mariana Islands. Signed on July 24, 2018. (Pub-lic Law 115–218) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, JULY 27, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26JY8.REC D26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD880 July 26, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, July 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Britt Cagle Grant, of Georgia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomina-tion at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Friday, July 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 10 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E1089, E1099 Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1082 Bass, Karen, Calif., E1097 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E1082, E1090 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1079, E1085, E1095 Black, Diane, Tenn., E1089, E1099, E1100 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E1075, E1076, E1078, E1079 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1080 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1079 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1099 Chabot, Steve, Ohio, E1078 Chu, Judy, Calif., E1079 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E1078 Collins, Doug, Ga., E1092, E1098 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1099 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1092 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1089 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E1075, E1088 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1093, E1096, E1100 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1081, E1088, E1096 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E1090 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1087 Faso, John J., N.Y., E1100 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1096 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1093, E1100 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1077 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1084, E1087 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1089 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E1096 Harris, Andy, Md., E1097 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E1088 Hice, Jody B., Ga., E1075 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1095 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1098 Hunter, Duncan, Calif., E1089 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1085 Katko, John, N.Y., E1077, E1095 Kelly, Robin L., Ill., E1082 Langevin, James R., R.I., E1084, E1095, E1096 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E1092 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1090 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1084 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1093 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E1078, E1091 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1092 O’Rourke, Beto, Tex., E1095 Palazzo, Steven M., Miss., E1089 Peterson, Collin C., Minn., E1092 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1090 Price, David E., N.C., E1077 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1076 Royce, Edward R., Calif., E1081, E1098 Ryan, Paul D., Wisc., E1075 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1087 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E1091 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1097 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1080, E1081, E1082, E1084 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E1094 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1078 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E1100 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1088 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1097 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1080, E1083 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:35 Jul 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26JY8.REC D26JYPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST